http://web.usabaseball.com/about/privacy-policy
PRIVACY POLICYPrivacy PolicyPLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY (THIS "PRIVACY POLICY") CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE, APPLICATION OR ANY OTHER USA BASEBALL PRODUCT OR SERVICE.USA Baseball, in association with MLB Advanced Media, L.P. ("MLB"), produces and publishes the Official Website of USA Baseball, which encompasses USABaseball.com, GoldenSpikesAward.com, and any other USA Baseball website which is hosted by MLB and links to this Privacy Policy (collectively, this "Website"). This Website and all materials contained in this Website will be referred to herein collectively as the "USAB Properties" and individually as an "USAB Property." This Privacy Policy describes what information USA Baseball and MLB (collectively, "Providers") collect via the USAB Properties, how we may use that information and the choices we offer for you to manage the personal information we collect related to your use of the USAB Properties. The USAB Properties may link to services or properties operated by third parties which are not subject to this Privacy Policy (e.g., event ticketing or registration services operated by third parties), including services or properties which features USA Baseball branding. You should familiarize yourself with the privacy practices of any third party whose services or properties you utilize and direct any concerns regarding any such third party property to the administrator of the applicable property. Personal Information We Collect How We Use and Share Your Personal Information Other Information Collected Additional Disclosures Managing Your Personal Information Other Information; Contact Us1. Personal Information We CollectWe Collect Personal Information You Choose To Provide. You may visit and enjoy many elements of the USAB Properties without disclosing any personal information about yourself. However, if you choose to make use of select, special or enhanced elements of the USAB Properties, if any such elements are made available, you may need to share with us certain personal information so those elements may function properly. When you use certain enhanced elements within the USAB Properties (e.g., register for a promotion), the personal information we collect may include, but is not limited to:• Full name,• Email address,• Password,• Street address,• Telephone number(s),• Birth date,• Payment card information,• Location data and• Contacts (as stored in your wireless device).If we collect your information, in most instances, the applicable page(s) or location(s) within the USAB Property will include statements regarding what information is required and functionality for you to submit required or requested information.2. How We Use and Share Your Personal InformationIf you submit personal information via the USAB Properties to us, or to any third party acting on Providers' behalf (a "Service Provider"), we may use and share your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy, as disclosed when you first submit your information or as otherwise permissible under applicable law. We will not sell, lease, publish or share your personal information with or to anyone else, except as set forth in this Privacy Policy. We may use and share your personal information as described in Section 1 above:• To provide you with information you have requested, or with products, services or content you have used or otherwise engaged with, (e.g., a sweepstakes) and to communicate with you (including via postal mail) about the same;• To communicate with you about USA Baseball and its sponsors and promotional partners, and about products, services, sponsors, partners or affiliates related to a purchase you have made or rules or terms to which you have agreed, to the extent the sending of such communication is permissible under applicable law;• To send you periodic surveys to help improve the USAB Properties or your USA Baseball experience;• To send you newsletters or other information regarding USA Baseball news, updates, services, or programs;• When the personally identifying components of your information are removed, we may use and share such anonymized information for internal purposes (e.g., to learn about the age distribution of our users); and• In accordance with any other permission you provide at the time you submit such information to us.If your information is shared with a third party in connection with any of the purposes set forth above, the applicable third party's privacy practices will govern how such third party uses and shares your information. We make no representations or guarantees regarding how those third parties will use or share your information.3. Other Information CollectedTechnical Information. When you use the USAB Properties, we use software tools, including but not limited to cookies (small amounts of data which include a unique string of characters sent to your browser or application from a website's computers and stored on your computer's or device's hard drive), web beacons (technology used to track activity, also known as pixel tags) and similar technologies, to collect a variety of technical, non-personally identifiable information, for example the type of Internet browser or operating system used to access a USAB Property, the date and duration of a Website visit or the Internet Protocol address used to access the Website. We use such technical information for internal purposes, for example to study and improve the response times of our Website. We may associate such technical information with personal information you provide to us as described in Section 1 above, in which case we will treat such associated information as personal information. Please be advised that associating technical information with personal information may be required for us, and our Service Providers, to recognize you and your communications with us.Third Party Cookies and Web Beacons; Network Advertisers. We allow select third parties, such as those who deliver advertisements, content, social networking or provide other services associated with the USAB Properties, to set cookies, web beacons or similar technologies in certain locations within the USAB Properties, including but not limited to certain of our emails. Third party companies that manage and deliver advertisements to websites and applications such as ours are commonly referred to as "network advertisers." A permitted network advertiser may use cookies, web beacons or similar technologies to collect information about your interaction with the USAB Properties in order to tailor certain advertisements and content delivered within the USAB Properties and on other websites within such network advertiser's ad network. You may learn more about network advertising industry practices and opt out of targeted behavioral advertising from many major third party network advertisers via the information and tools available here and here.4. Additional Disclosures• Aggregated and Anonymous Information. We may share aggregated, anonymous information with any third party. This information is not linked to personal information that can identify you or another individual person.• Business Transfers. As time passes, one or more of the Providers may be sold along with its assets, or other corporate transactions may occur. In such a case, our customer information may be one of the business assets we transfer.• Disclosure for Legal Purposes. We may be required to share your personal and non-personal information pursuant to judicial or governmental subpoenas, warrants or orders. If we are required to do so, we will, of course, obey the law. In addition, notwithstanding any term to the contrary in this Privacy Policy, we reserve the right to use, disclose or share your personal and non-personal information in order to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of USAB Properties' Terms of Use or as required by law.5. Managing Your Personal InformationYou may choose and control what information you provide about yourself and certain information which is automatically collected via the USAB Properties. If you do not wish to provide certain information necessary for enhanced functionality or content on the USAB Properties, please do not use such functionality or content. If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows a user to accept or reject most cookies.If you have provided us with any personal information about yourself and want us to delete such personal information (except what is needed for record-keeping purposes) call USA Baseball Customer Service at 919-474-8721.6. Other Information; Contact UsNo Spyware or Adware. We do not install any Spyware or Adware in connection with the USAB Properties. We do not distribute any commercial message, or authorize any third party to distribute any commercial message, by means of Spyware or Adware. "Spyware" or "Adware" is any software which has been downloaded to or installed on an Internet user's computer or device, either without the user's consent or not in compliance with the applicable website privacy policy, and facilitates the distribution of any commercial message to the user. If you feel you may have spyware from another company installed on your machine, there are various anti-spyware/adware software applications available on the Internet to identify if this has occurred.vLinks. The USAB Properties contain links to websites and products operated by unrelated third parties, including unrelated third parties to whom USA Baseball has issued a license to use certain of its intellectual property. In addition, if you click an advertisement within the USAB Properties, you may be directed to a destination within the USAB Properties or to a third party website or product. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of third party websites or products, and we encourage you to read the privacy policies of every website and product that collects personally identifiable information from you. This Privacy Policy applies only to the USAB Properties, unless you are notified otherwise upon accessing any third party website or product, in which case the terms and conditions set forth in such notification will apply.Your California Privacy Rights. If you are a resident of California, pursuant to California Civil Code Section 1798.83, you may request information regarding our disclosure of your personal information to a third party for that party's direct marketing purposes. Any such disclosure made to a third party by us would be in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy. Such requests should be made, with sufficient information in your request to identify you and return your correspondence, via email to davidperkins@usabaseball.com or postal mail delivered to: David Perkins, USA Baseball Privacy Administrator, 1030 Swabia Court, Suite 201, Durham, North Carolina 27703.California Do Not Track Disclosures. Some web browsers may transmit "do-not-track" signals to websites with which the browser communicates. Our Website does not currently respond to these "do-not-track" signals.Special Rules For Children. Because of federal law, we are not permitted to knowingly collect any personal information from a child under the age of thirteen without the consent of that child's parent or guardian. The statements in this Privacy Policy about our collection and use of personal information also apply to our treatment of personal information from children under the age of thirteen. If a child who we know to be under the age of thirteen and for whom we have not received parental consent attempts to utilize a USAB Property feature which is not available to children, he/she will not be able to access it and may receive a message which relays that he/she is not eligible for such feature.Contact Us Regarding Privacy. If you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, you can contact us at:David PerkinsPrivacy AdministratorUSA Baseball1030 Swabia CourtSuite 201Durham, North Carolina 27703Phone: 919-474-8721Facsimile: 919-474-8822Email: davidperkins@usabaseball.comNotification of Changes. If we make an important change to this Privacy Policy, we will post a notification and link within the USAB Properties so that you may review the updated policy.vLast updated and effective date: April 3, 2019