https://web.archive.org/web/20051106013629/http://www.eatmydirt.com.au/index.php?module=roles&func=privacy
success
fail
May
JUN
Aug
16
2004
2005
2006
11 captures
16 Jun 2005 - 07 May 2008
About this capture
COLLECTED BY
Organization: National Library of Australia Crawls
Crawls performed by Internet Archive on behalf of the National Library of Australia.
This data is currently not publicly accessible.
Collection: nla_2005
this data is currently not publicly accessible.
TIMESTAMPS
register
here.
June 2005
M
T
W
T
F
S
S
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
< May
July >
Quick Links Read EMD Disclaimer Search EMD Site Find EMD Clothing HSV Kelly Diaries NSW Enduro QLD Enduro VIC Enduro WA Enduro
Latest InfoResults
Darwin Dealer Jason Hill Rides Red To Finke Victory
McFarlane sixth at the Italian Grand Prix at Castiglione del Lago
Watts races KTM's all new 250SX-F at GNCC Rd. 8
2005 Shell Advance Sunshine State MX - Rd 6
Kearney Remains 3rd In Championships After GNCC Rd 8
"Fastest Cop" In The NT Wins 2005 Tattersall's Finke Desert Bike Race
CDR/NOKIA/YAMAHA King Leads Maxxis Australian Motocross Championship
Events
2005 Stockmans Rally
2005 DMCC Erica Rally
2005 SA Reliability Trials Series Set to Kick Off
2005 Kenda Trackmaster Rally
Yamaha 2005 Australian 4 Day Enduro
Eatmydirt.com.au policies
Eatmydirt.com.au Privacy Policy
Introduction
We take your right to privacy seriously and want you to feel comfortable using our web site. This Privacy Policy deals with personally identifiable information (referred to as "Data" below) that may be collected by us on our site. This Policy does not apply to other entities that we do not own or control or persons that are not our employees, agents or within our control. Please take time to read our Terms of Use.
Collection of Data
Our registration process requires only a valid e-mail address and a unique user ID and password. Providing us with other information is at your option. Please take note that your user name, e-mail address, or other submissions that you make on this site may contain your real name or other personally identifiable information and, as a result, may appear on this site. Like many web sites, we may also automatically receive general information that is contained in our server log files such as your IP address and cookie information. Information about how advertising may be served on this site (if at all) is set forth below. Use of Data
We may use Data to customize and improve your user experience on this site. We will make efforts so that your Data will not be provided to third parties unless (i) provided for otherwise in this Privacy Policy; (ii) we obtain your consent, such as when you choose to opt-in or opt-out to the sharing of Data; (iii) a service provided on our site requires the interaction with or is provided by a third party, by way of example an Application Service Provider; (iv) pursuant to legal process or law enforcement; (v) we find that your use of this site violates our this Policy, Terms of Service, other usage guidelines or as deemed reasonably necessary by us to protect our legal rights and/or property; (vi) or (vi) this site is purchased by a third party whereby that third party will be able to use the Data in the same manner as we can as set forth in this Policy. In the event you choose to use links that appear on our site to visit other web sites, you are advised to read the privacy policies that appear on those sites. Cookies
Like many web sites, we set and use cookies to enhance your user experience, such as retaining your personal settings. Advertisements may appear on our web site and, if so, may set and access cookies on your computer and is subject to the privacy policy of those parties providing the advertisement. However, the companies serving the advertising do not have access to our cookies. These companies usually use non-personally identifiable or anonymous codes to obtain information about your visits to our site.
You can visit the respective advertisers websites to find out more companies that may serve advertising on our site.
Children
We do not allow persons who are aged twelve (12) or younger to become members of this site. You may ask your parents and/or legal guardian to register on your behalf. For more information, please contact our webmaster (webmaster@eatmdyirt.com.au). Editing or Deleting Your Account Information
We provide you with the ability to edit the information in your user account information that you provided to us in registration by using your personal page configuration area. You may request deletion of your user account by contacting our webmaster.
Content or other data that you may have provided to us and that is not contained within your user account, such as posts that may appear within our forums, may continue to remain on our site at our discretion even though your user account is deleted. Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may make changes to this Policy from time to time. We will notify you of substantial changes to this Policy either by posting a prominent announcement on our site and/or by sending a message to the e-mail address you have provided to us that is contained within your user settings. NO GUARANTEES
While this Privacy Policy states our standards for maintenance of Data and we will make efforts to meet them, we are not in a position to guarantee these standards. There may be factors beyond our control that may result in disclosure of data. As a consequence, we disclaim any warranties or representations relating to maintenance or nondisclosure of Data. Contact Information
If you have any questions about this Policy or our web site, please feel free to contact our Webmaster (webmaster@eatmydirt.com.au).
FOHVA.org.au
AMSAR.org.au
Feature Events
2005 Stockmans Rally
2005 DMCC Erica Rally
2005 Kenda Trackmaster Rally
Yamaha 2005 Australian 4 Day Enduro
2005 AMTRA High Country Ride
2005 Husqvarna Watagan Trail Bike Bash
2005 Condo 750 Cross Country Rally
2005 Honda Blue Light Ride
2005 Nolan Rally
2005 KTM Batemans Bay Apex Trail Ride
Upcoming Events [VIC] Round 8 - Horsham Yamaha Victorian Off Road Championship [VIC] Round 9 - Horsham Yamaha Victorian Off Road Championship [VIC] Round 10 - Gormondale Yamaha Victorian Off Road Championship [Brisbane] Rd 1 - Brisbane Aus SX Masters [NSW] Apex KTM Batemans Bay Trail Ride NSW Trail Rides [VIC] Round 11 - Myrtleford Yamaha Victorian Off Road Championship [Adelaide] Rd 2 - Adelaide Aus SX Masters [VIC] Round 12 - Alexandra Yamaha Victorian Off Road Championship [NSW] Rd 3 - Sydney Aus SX Masters [VIC] 2005 Australian Motorcycle Expo Exhibitions