https://wildcatsafl.com/privacy-security/
Privacy Policy
Willoughby Wildcats values your privacy and takes great care in protecting the information we receive from you.
Collection of Personal Information
When you create a Willoughby Wildcats account or place an order, we may collect personal information from you including your:
NameDelivery AddressEmail AddressTelephone NumberMobile NumberCredit card details
Credit card details are processed and used for the purchase of the order only via stripe, credit card details are not processed or stored on the Willoughby Wildcats website.
The personal information we collect from you is used accordingly:
To deliver the products you have purchased via the Willoughby Wildcats website.To communicate with you during the delivery of the product and for purposes of customer support.To provide you with relevant product information.
Customer Communications
Willoughby Wildcats will contact you by email and/or telephone in order to communicate with you regarding your order and product/s purchased. It is imperative that all customers provide valid email and contactable telephone number/s for this purpose.
Updating Your Personal Information
You can update your personal information by accessing your account via the Login section of the Willoughby Wildcats website.
Security of Your Personal Information.
All information we collect is safely and securely stored.
How we protect your personal information:
Restricting access to personal information.Through the maintenance of technological products to prevent unauthorised computer access.Securely destroying your personal information when it’s no longer needed for our record retention purposes.
When purchasing from Willoughby Wildcats, your financial details are passed through a secure server using SSL (secure sockets layer) encryption technology.  Secure Socket Layer (SSL) is a technology used by vendors to ensure the security of online business. It negotiates and employs the essential functions of mutual authentication, data encryption and data integrity for secure transactions.
Disclosure of Personal Information
We value our customers and will not share your information with any other organisations other than those third parties directly related to the delivery of the products you have purchased from the Willoughby Wildcats website.
There may be some exceptional circumstances for disclosing your personal information, such as when there are grounds to believe that the disclosure is necessary to prevent a threat to life or health, or for law enforcement purposes.
Willoughby Wildcats is committed to complying with the Privacy Act and the National Privacy principles.
Complaints Regarding Breaches of Privacy
If you believe that your privacy has been breached by Willoughby Wildcats, you can contact our administration and all attempts will be made to resolve the matter.
Collection of Computer Data
When you visit the Willoughby Wildcats website, whether as an account holder or a visitor, our servers and our Google Analytics automatically record the information that your browser captures whenever you visit a website.
This data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol address, browser type or the webpage you were visiting before you came to our site, pages of our site that you visit, the time spent on those pages, information you search for on our site, access times and dates, and other statistics.
We don’t treat the data collected as personal information or use it in association with other personal information, though we may aggregate, analyse and evaluate such information to better tailor or improve the services or products provided.
Cookies
We may automatically collect certain information through the use of “cookies.” Cookies are small data files that are stored on your hard drive by a website. Among other things, the use of cookies helps us to improve our Sites and your experience. We use cookies to see which areas and features are most popular, to count the number of computers accessing our Sites, to personalize your experience, and to remember your preferences.
We link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site. If your browser is set not to accept cookies or if you reject a cookie, you may not be able to access certain features or services of our Sites. The use of cookies by our service providers is not covered by our privacy statement. We do not have access or control over these cookies. Our service providers use session ID cookies to collect data in order to enable us to provide a better user experience.
We do not use cookies to provide marketing information to third parties
Policy Changes
Willoughby Wildcats reserves the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website.
If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it.
Questions
If you have any questions regarding our Terms of Service please email us at webadministrator@wildcatsafl.com
NewsletterEmail Address * First Name Last Name Year of Birth Quick LinksHome
News
Ground Locations
Wet Weather Check
Training Times 2019
Management Committee
Wildcats Club Results
FOLLOW US ON FACEBOOK
Willoughby Wildcats JAFL
PO Box 438
Pacific Highway
St Leonards Nsw 1590
Australia
Scroll to top