https://wildernessadventures.ca/terms-and-conditions-2020/
Book Your Next Adventure: 1 (866) 383-9453
— Main Menu —Home - What we do
Trips - Kayaking the Coral Islands of Belize
- Algonquin Park Canoe Trips
- Georgian Bay Kayak Trips
- Kayak with Orcas
- Bowron Lakes Canoe Trips
- Yukon River Canoe Trips
- Teslin River Canoe Trips
- Pelly River Canoe Trips
- Nahanni River Raft and Canoe Trips
- Tatshenshini River Raft Trips
Visitors - Gift Certificates
- Visitors to Canada
- Visitors to BC
Bookings - Book Trip
- Paddling School
Contact Us
Home
What we do
Trips
Kayaking the Coral Islands of Belize
Algonquin Park Canoe Trips
Georgian Bay Kayak Trips
Kayak with Orcas
Bowron Lakes Canoe Trips
Yukon River Canoe Trips
Teslin River Canoe Trips
Pelly River Canoe Trips
Nahanni River Raft and Canoe Trips
Tatshenshini River Raft Trips
Visitors
Gift Certificates
Visitors to Canada
Visitors to BC
Bookings
Book Trip
Paddling School
Contact Us
Terms and Conditions / Privacy Policy
Wilderness Adventures.CA
a Division of 547296 Ontario Limited
24 Beaumonde Hts., Dr., Toronto, Ontario, M9V 1V8
Tel: 416-746-7427 Toll Free:1-866-383-9453
TERMS and CONDITIONS
BOOKING & CANCELLATION for Ontario Trips
A deposit of 30% of the trip fee is required to hold your reservation.
The balance of the trip fee is due 30 days prior to the trip departure after which time there is no refund of the deposit paid. Refunds for balance payments already received will be made up to 30 days prior to the start of your trip.
30+ days prior to departure: full refund of trip fees paid less a 15% admin fee.
29 – 0 days prior to departure: there is no refund, including optional round trip transportation fees. However we may at our discretion, allow you to carry the balance payment forward for 1 year as a credit towards any of our scheduled trips provided that sufficient prior notice has been given and we are able to replace your booking with another participant.
Please Note: That outstanding balances are due 30 days from trip departure or the due date indicated on your invoice if the booking has been made within that 30 day period.
Full refunds for trip fees already paid will be issued in Canadian funds for the full amount already received as payment for trip fees for any cancellation initiated by Wilderness Adventures.CA We do not under any circumstances assume any other cost or liability incurred by the participant as a result of a trip cancellation. If you are flying to the departure point we very strongly recommend that you purchase trip cancellation insurance.
BOOKING & CANCELLATION For British Columbia, Yukon, and NWT Trips
A deposit of 30% of the trip fee is required to hold your reservation.
The balance of the trip fee is due 60 days prior to the trip departure after which time, there is no refund of the deposit paid. Refunds for balance payments already received will be made up to 60 days prior to the start of your trip.
60+ days prior to departure: 50% of deposit retained, full refund of balance payment if already received by our office.
59 – 0 days prior to departure: no refund, however we may at our discretion, allow you to carry the balance payment forward for 1 year as a credit towards any of our scheduled trips provided that sufficient prior notice has been given and we are able to replace your booking with another participant.
Please Note: That outstanding balances are due 60 days from trip departure or the due date indicated on your invoice if the booking has been made within that 60 day period. If we have not received the outstanding balance payment by the above due date we will assume that you wish us to charge the balance to your credit card on the balance payment due date.
Full refunds for trip fees already paid will be issued in Canadian funds for the full amount already received as payment for trip fees for any cancellation initiated by Wilderness Adventures.CA. Acts of God not withstanding including but not limited to pandemics, Government health agencies travel restrictions or warnings or any other circumstances beyond our direct control. We do not under any circumstances assume any other cost or liability incurred by the participant as a result of a trip cancellation. If you are flying to the departure point we very strongly recommend that you purchase trip cancellation insurance.
BOOKING & CANCELLATION for Belize Trips
Our cancellation policy is as flexible and understanding as possible.  Many of our trip costs are incurred well in advance of trip departures and other travelers may have been turned away because the trip is full. All cancellations must be received at our office in writing and refunds will be issued according to the following:
For new trips booked through 2021
A $200 deposit per person is required to confirm your booking.
Should you need to cancel or reschedule your trip for any reason, before your final payment is due, your deposit is fully transferable for any future travel without time limitations.
Your final payment is due 30 days before your trip start date. If you need to cancel or reschedule your trip date within 30 days of your departure date, 75% of your trip costs will be credited towards any future travel with us.
If government travel restrictions or international airport closures do not make your trip possible on your scheduled travel date, we will reschedule your trip when it is safe to travel again, without limitations.
We strongly recommend that you purchase airfare, trip cancellation, and travel medical insurance that includes coverage for pandemic closures.
Please Note: If a guest must cancel their trip prior to departure and they can supply a replacement, only a $200 administration fee will be charged. The canceling client is fully responsible for finding replacement clients in order to receive a trip refund.
In the unlikely event we may need to cancel a trip due to insufficient participants, the client will receive a full refund for their land portion of the trip.
CANCELLATIONS for Other Reasons
We do not under any circumstances assume any other cost or liability incurred by the participant as a result of a trip cancellation other than the trip fees paid to us by the participant
If you are flying to the departure point we very strongly recommend that you purchase trip cancellation, medical and emergency evacuation insurance.
Ensure that you have the proper travel documentation to enter the country where the trip is taking place. Failure to show up at the designated time, date and meeting point will result in a complete loss of the fees paid to Wilderness Adventures.CA.
Please Note: We reserve the right to refuse bookings or to cancel bookings to anyone who we feel will be a detriment to the safety or general enjoyment of our clients, staff or guides on any wilderness trip. Any participant that has been determined to be unfit or unsafe to continue the wilderness trip by our guides or staff may, at our discretion be removed from the trip without refund. Any costs incurred in carrying out this removal will be charged to the participant.
GIFT CERTIFICATES
Gift Certificates are non refundable once purchased and must be used in the time period specified on the specified on the certificate. If they are carried onto a later season than the season purchased then the purchase amount paid will be applied to the later trip date and any increases in trip fees for the new season will be applicable.
Dates for use are subject to availability. Please contact us as soon as possible to select a date for your adventure trip to avoid disappointment.
The Gift Certificate is completely transferable to other parties and its purchase value may be applied to any trip we carry throughout the year.
NON COMPLIANCE WITH BOOKING PROCEDURES
If we do not receive full payment outstanding by the time specified in your Booking Confirmation email and or the due date specified on your invoice / payment receipt we will charge the balance to your credit card. Furthermore if we have not received your waiver / medical / food forms by the time specified in your Booking Confirmation email we reserve the right to cancel your booking completely without refund.
LIABILITY
Due to the inherent risks involved in wilderness travel all participants are required to sign a standard liability release which will be provided by Wilderness Adventures.CA.
WAIVERS / MEDICAL / FOOD FORMS
It is essential that all Waivers / Medical / Food Forms and Balance payment be in our office in a timely manner after the booking has been made and well before the trip or course date in order that our staff can properly prepare for the trip or course and ensure that we are not taking anyone into an environment that may be hazardous to their health or well being. Failure to do so will result in complete cancellation of the booking without refund.
TRAVEL INSURANCE
As we must strictly enforce our cancellation policy, we very strongly recommend that you purchase travel insurance and medical coverage/insurance for the length of your stay in Canada or in Belize. Links to travel and medical insurance companies are included on our “Visitors to Canada” page or simply contact your credit card company for coverage. You can also get a very competitive quote from World Nomads Travel Insurance Here
TRAVEL DOCUMENTS
You will need a valid passport to enter Canada and an Electronic Travel Authorization.
You need to apply online for an Electronic Travel Authorization (eTA) to enter Canada. You can apply with a valid passport, a credit or a debit card, and an email address.
For Everyone Traveling to Canada please go to: https://www.canada.ca/en/immigration-refugees-citizenship/services/visit-canada/eta/apply.html?_ga=2.261971341.1836628636.1528551889-1540824483.1528205062
For Canadians Traveling to Belize https://travel.gc.ca/destinations/belize
For US Citizens Travelling to Belize https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/international-travel/before-you-go.html
For UK Citizens Traveling to Belize http://belizehighcommission.co.uk/
For All Other Nationalities Traveling to Belize: https://www.belizehighcommission.com/visas.htm
IMPORTANT: Entry to another Country maybe refused even if the required information and documents are complete. For this reason we strongly suggest that you have obtained Trip Cancellation Insurance
NSF CHEQUES
In the event of an NSF payment or any cheque or Credit Card charge being returned as a non-payment the balance outstanding will immediately be charged to the credit card you supplied for your deposit payment plus a $50.00 CAD processing charge and the credit card processing fee of 3.5% on the amount outstanding. Your booking will be canceled without refund of deposit paid if payment can not be secured immediately
YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES WITH EQUIPMENT AND GEAR
Participants are responsible for the proper care and handling of equipment and gear that they are supplied with for use on the trip. Any misuse, damage or loss of this equipment will result in charges for repair or complete replacement and procurement cost of the item(s) at the discretion of Wilderness Adventures.CA, their partners, agents or suppliers.
PRIVACY POLICY
Your privacy is of great concern to us. Therefore any information we collect from you in any way will be kept strictly confidential by Wilderness Adventures.CA and its employees. Your address, telephone numbers or email address will not be sold, rented or leased to anyone.
We will use this information only to contact you during bookings of trips and to keep you notified about new trip schedules becoming available. This only happens a few times a season. You will not be contacted for any other reason.
Home
What we do
Gift Certificates
Terms and Conditions / Privacy Policy
Contact us
Book Trip
Copyright © 2016 All Rights Reserved, wildernessadventures.ca