https://winmau.com/privacy
Advanced Search
Search
New Collection
New Darts
Download 2021 Brochure
Michael van Gerwen
New Player Darts
New Accessories
New 2021 Collection
Darts
New Darts
Dart Ranges
Player Darts
Steeltip Darts
Softip Darts
New 2021 Collection
Dartboards
All Dartboards
Blade 5 Series
- Blade 5
- Blade 5 Dual Core
- Blade 5 Champions Choice
Diamond Plus
Pro SFB / Specialist
- Budweiser
Training
Set Up & Maintenance
Dart Sets
Accessories
Flights & Shafts Accessories
Flights
Shafts
Clothing
Wallets
Dartzone
Cabinets & Surrounds
Points & Tools
Other Accessories
New Accessories
Winmau +
Winmau TV
Player Development
- Practice Zone
Partners
- Junior Darts Corporation
- World Disability Darts
World Masters
Retail & Digital Support
Media Portal
News
Contact Us
TEAM WINMAU
Categories
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy provides you with information on how Winmau collects, processes and protects any information that you give Winmau, when you use this website.
Winmau is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected.
Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Winmau may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
What data we collect
We may collect the following information:
Name
Contact information including email address, address and contact numbers
What legal basis we process data on
The incoming GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation) sets out multiple lawful bases under which companies may process your information. Winmau relies on the following:
Consent
In some circumstances we will request your consent in contacting you for marketing communications. This includes our Winmau Newsletter that will request your consent to receive. Your consent may be freely removed at any point by clicking the ‘Unsubscribe’ link on the bottom of any of our communications or by contacting us at info@winmau.com .  Your information will only be processed for the requested means and not shared with any third parties unless Winmau is under a legal obligation to do so.
Legitimate Interests
Winmau will often process personal data that is provided to us is under ‘Legitimate Interests’. The data that we require to respond to any customer service queries (such as Name, Address, E-mail address etc.) will all be processed on this basis and will not be shared with any third parties under any circumstances.
Legal Compliance
If Winmau is required by law to provide personal data to comply with a statutory obligation or common law, then Winmau is bound to provide that information but only to the relevant authority.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
Whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, you may choose to reject the request for information
If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, contact us directly via e-mail info@winmau.com or via phone 01656 767042 to update your preferences
You may also contact us via post at Winmau Dartboard Company Ltd, South Road, Bridgend Industrial Estate, Brigend, UK, CF31 3PT to update your preferences
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.
Data Subject Rights
Data protection laws grant all data subjects the following individual rights over your data:
Right of access - You have the right to access and request a copy of all the data that we hold for you.
Right of rectification - If you feel that any data that we hold about you is inaccurate or incomplete, you have the right to request for us to amend this data. We must action a request for rectification within one calendar month. Please note that in some circumstances we may refuse a request if we are under a legal obligation to.
Right of erasure - This may also be referred to as “the right to be forgotten”. You may make a request for us to erase the personal data that we process for you. This is on the basis that you withdraw your consent for us to process such data or you feel that we are unlawfully/incorrectly processing your data. We must action a request for erasure within one calendar month. Please note that in some circumstances we may refuse a request if we are under a legal obligation to retain the data in question.
Right to restriction of processing - You have the right to restrict the processing of your data, however the data can still be stored. This right can be exercised under the circumstances that the data subject contests the accuracy of their personal data and we are verifying this accuracy, believes that the data has been unlawfully processed and the subject opposes erasure, has objected to the processing of their data and we are considering whether our legitimate grounds overrides this objection.
Right to Portability - You have a right to receive any personal data that you have provided to us so that it may be transferred to another data controller. This request is only applicable to the data that you have provided to us.
Right to Object - You have a right to object to us processing your personal data based on legitimate interest or the performance of a task in the public interest/exercise of official authority (including profiling or to object to direct marketing).
Right to Withdraw Consent - You have the right to withdraw your consent for the processing of your personal data where the processing is based on consent.
Right to Opt-out of Marketing Communications - You may withdraw your consent to receive marketing communications at any time. This can be actioned by:
Clicking the “Unsubscribe” link that is on the bottom of all of our e-mail communications.
Contacting us directly via e-mail info@winmau.com or via phone 01656 767042
Write to Winmau Dartboard Company Ltd, South Road, Bridgend Industrial Estate, Brigend, UK, CF31 3PT
Please note that you may continue to receive communications from Winmau for a short period of time whilst we update your preferences and our systems.
Right of Complaint - You also have the right to lodge a complaint if you believe we are handling your data irresponsibly or your data is being unlawfully processed by us. You may lodge this complaint with the UK Information Commissioner’s Office, full details on this process can be found at www.ico.org.uk
Cookies
Winmau respects the privacy of all visitors to our website and users of our applications. This section of our Privacy Policy outlines our policy concerning the use of cookies and similar technologies (‘cookies’) on winmau.com
We may update our Cookie Policy from time to time to reflect any changes in technology or legislation which may affect the way in which cookies are used by us and how you, as a user, can manage them. By continuing to use our website you accept our use of cookies and can opt out at any time in the ways outlined below.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files that are used to store or retrieve information to perform certain functions and remember visits to a website. There are 2 distinct types of cookies – session cookies and persistent cookies.
A session cookie is only accessible while your browser is open, and is deleted as soon as you navigate away from our website.
A persistent cookie can remain on your computer for a pre-defined period of time, or until they are forcibly deleted.
How we use the information gathered by cookies
We use information gathered from cookies to help improve your experience on our website, for security and to track user experience.
We may use navigational information about where you go on our site to better understand how our site is used and to ensure that the product offerings that are presented to you are relevant.
We do not use any data about where you go, or present you with advertisements outside of our site other than on sites which provide for such use in their respective privacy policies.
We may collect information on how frequently you visit the site and the type of products and/or services that you view to enable us to measure the popularity of our site and our products.
Types of cookies used by us
Strictly Necessary Cookies
These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the website, making sure that the winmau.com website looks consistent and provide ourselves with analytics of our website’s performance.
Performance Cookies
These cookies collect information about how visitors use our website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and the pages that they don’t. This understanding enables Winmau to continually improve the experience we deliver to you (and other visitors like you) so that the site is easy to use and includes content that you find helpful.
These cookies don’t collect information that identifies a visitor – so we can’t identify you individually. All the information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. This information is only used to improve how the Winmau website works.
Third party cookies
We use cookies served by trusted third parties in order to improve our website; personalise your experience; and understand how our website is used. We also use cookies to make our advertising on other websites more relevant.
A list of third party cookies is as follows (Please note we are not responsible for the content hosted on third party sites listed below):
Google
Google collects information through our use of Google Analytics on our website. Google uses this information, including IP addresses and information from cookies, for a number of purposes, such as improving its Google Analytics service. Information is shared with Google on an aggregated and anonymised basis.
To find out more about what information Google collects, how it uses this information and how to control the information sent to Google, please see the partners page of Google’s privacy policy by clicking here
You can also opt out of Google Analytics by installing the browser plugin tool available by clicking here
Accept or reject cookies
There are a number of different ways in which you can accept or reject some or all cookies. Some of the main methods of doing so are described below. You are welcome to block the use of some or all of the cookies we use on our website however please be aware that doing so will impair our website and its functionality or may even render some or all of it unusable.
You should also be aware that clearing all cookies from your browser will also delete any cookies that are storing your preferences, for example, whether you have accepted cookies on a website or any cookies that are blocking other cookies.
Changing your browser settings
You can accept or reject some or all cookies (for example, blocking all third party cookies) by adjusting your browser settings. If you do not know how to do this, the links below set out information about how to change your browser settings for some of the most commonly used web browsers:
Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Safari
Microsoft Edge
Microsoft Internet Explorer
Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on
You can opt out of Google Analytics tracking by installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on which is available here
Clear existing cookies
To clear cookies that have previously been placed on your browser, you should select the option to clear your browsing history and ensure that the option to delete or clear cookies is included when you do so.
Some browsers, such as Chrome and Firefox, allow you to change your settings to browse in ‘incognito’ mode, limiting the amount of data placed on your machine and automatically deleting any persistent cookies placed on your device when you finish your browsing session. There are also many third party applications which you can add to your browser to block or manage cookies.
Last Updated: October 2018
About Us
Here at Winmau Dartboard Co, we're really easy to talk to so if you want to ask us anything, feel free to get in touch using the methods shown.
Winmau Dartboard Company LTDSouth RoadBridgend Industrial EstateBRIDGEND, CF31 3PT
01656 767042 01656 650468
Contact Us
Privacy Information
You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the link in the footer of our emails. For information about our privacy practices, please visit our Privacy Policy. We use MailChimp as our marketing platform. By clicking below to subscribe, you acknowledge that your information will be transferred to MailChimp for processing. Learn more about MailChimp's privacy practices here.
By clicking subscribe you agree for Winmau to contact you directly with our darts news and information by the email address you supplied.
HELP
PRIVACY POLICY
REQUEST TO BE A RESELLER
SITE FEEDBACK
SUBSCRIBE TO NEWSLETTER
ABOUT WINMAU
NEWS
ABOUT WINMAU
INNOVATION
OUR PLAYERS
INFO
SPONSORSHIP ENQUIRIES
DARTBOARD MAINTENANCE
MEDIA PORTAL
RETAIL & DIGITAL SUPPORT
CONTACT US
Winmau Dartboard Company Ltd,
South Road,
Bridgend Industrial Estate,
Bridgend, CF31 3PT
GET IN TOUCH WITH US
01656 767042
01656 650468
Copyright ©2018 Winmau Dartboard Company Limited
Website by SimpleServe Web Design
Please wait...
Continue
View cart & checkout
Go to Wishlist
Go to Compare