https://worldclasshockey.com/privacy-policy/
CHECK YOUR SCORES HERE >>
GTHL
NYHL
MHL
OMHA
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘Personally Identifiable Information’ (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in Canadian privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT FROM THE PEOPLE THAT VISIT OUR BLOG, WEBSITE OR APP?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, phone number, credit card information or other details to help you with your experience.
WHEN DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, fill out a form or enter information on our site.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
To improve our website in order to better serve you.
To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
To quickly process your transactions.
To ask for ratings and reviews of services or products
To follow up with them after correspondence (live chat, email or phone inquiries)
HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION?
Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
DO WE USE ‘COOKIES’?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:
Understand and save user’s preferences for future visits.
Keep track of advertisements.
Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since browser is a little different, look at your browser’s Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
IF USERS DISABLE COOKIES IN THEIR BROWSER:
If you turn cookies off, Some of the features that make your site experience more efficient may not function properly.Some of the features that make your site experience more efficient and may not function properly.
THIRD-PARTY DISCLOSURE
Do we disclose the information we collect to Third-Parties?
We do not sell or trade children’s information.
THIRD-PARTY LINKS
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
GOOGLE Google’s advertising requirements can be summed up by Google’s Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users.
We use Google AdSense Advertising on our website.
We do use cookies to store information, such as your personal preferences
when you visit our site. This could include only showing you a popup once in your visit, or the ability to login to some of our features, such as forums.
We also use third party advertisements on worldclasshockey.com to support our site. Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site, which also send these advertisers such as Google through the Google AdSense program information including you IP address, your ISP, the browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed. This is generally used for geotargeting purposes (showing Toronto real estate ads to someone who lives in Toronto, for example) or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited (such as showing cooking ads to someone who frequents cooking sites).
You can choose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security. However, this can effect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites. This could include the inability to login to services or programs, such as logging into forums or accounts.
Opting out:
Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
You will be notified of any Privacy Policy changes:
On our Privacy Policy Page
Can change your personal information:
By emailing us
By logging in to your account
How does our site handle Do Not Track signals?
We honor Do Not Track signals and Do Not Track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Does our site allow third-party behavioral tracking?
It’s also important to note that we allow third-party behavioral tracking. We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please see: http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
COPPA (CHILDREN ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States’ consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children’s privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.
FAIR INFORMATION PRACTICES
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify you via email
Within 7 business days
We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN SPAM ACT
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions
Process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders.
Send you additional information related to your product and/or service
Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred.
To be in accordance with CANSPAM, we agree to the following:
Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.
Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us atworldclasshockey@sympatico.ca and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
CONTACTING US If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
World Class Hockey Development
Mail Registration To:
1594 Stillriver Cr.
Mississauga, Ontario L5M 3X1
NORTH AMERICAN TOLL FREE – 1 866 WRLD HKY
Toronto Local- (416) 451-9258
EMAIL FOR ANY QUESTION OR GENERAL INFO
worldclasshockey@sympatico.ca
TESTIMONIALS
My brother Ryan and I attended Jules’ camps every
summer. I started as a student at 9 years old and now I work as an instructor when I can. World Class Hockey camps are different than any other camp. Even as I got older, Jules always found a way to push and challenge me. The drills are very demanding but Jules always makes camps fun. I always looked forward to and enjoyed the camps. The skills I learned over the years are a big part of the success I am enjoying now.
Thanks Jules.
Daniel Willett
- NCAA Div I - RIT
World Class Hockey camps were a part of my regular routine every summer growing up. I learned so much from the Defense camps. As an offensive defenseman Jules’ camps helped give me the confidence to rush the puck and gave me a better understanding of the defense position as a whole. I am a better player today because of the work I did at Jules’ camps and they are a big
reason I am the player I am today.
Appreciate all of your help Jules.
Brandon Fortunato
- Quinnipiac University
I attended World Class Hockey camps every summer growing up in Long Island, NY. Jules always pushed me hard. He did skating and puck control drills that made me feel uncomfortable….not in my comfort zone. Many drills were very difficult and I honestly didn't enjoy doing some of them at the time. But I improved each summer and those tough drills really helped me improve my overall skills.
Thanks Jules for all of your help over the years.
Jeremy Bracco - Freeport, NY
- Toronto Marlies - AHL
Just a quick note to compliment you and your staff on running an excellent camp. The three defensemen from our team who attended really enjoyed it and got a lot out of it. My son Michael was one of these players and he loved every minute. He now feels more confident playing a “new position”. These “specialized camps” that you offer are very worthwhile – instructional and challenging.
Great job!”
Mark Vandenberg
- Toronto, ON
To reach your full potential as a player it helps to be technically sound in the four core aspects of hockey. Learn the correct way to skate, shoot, puck handle and pass at a young age and these skills will stay with you forever and make the rest of the game much easier. World Class Hockey does a great job at teaching and demonstrating these skills while focusing on being technically correct. I would recommend Jules Jardine and his program to anyone looking to improve their overall skill level.
Mike Futa
- Vice President, Hockey Operations and
Director of Player Personnel - LA Kings