https://wrestlepundit.com/news/how-combat-sports-are-shaping-an-era-of-legal-sports-betting/
Legal sports betting in the United States is here to stay and combined with the growing legality of online gambling is forming a massive new industry. Aside from the economic benefits of a legal sports betting framework for individual states, the emergence of the industry is giving consumers another entertainment avenue.
Combat sports are at the forefront of the nationwide sports betting market. Boxing arguably propped up the betting market in the days when Las Vegas was the only viable and legal sports wagering market. These days, more states allow people to wager on sports, while boxing and UFC continue to be big business. Even WWE may be able to get in on the action one day.
In the new era of sports betting, consumers are embracing the ability to wager on sports. Many states are opening their doors to sports betting. Customers can visit sportsbooks to find odds and bets. However, those same customers also know the value of using resources like vipcode-games.com to find promotion codes for betting venues to find the best odds and bonuses.
How the Sports Betting Landscape Has Changed
For decades, many people in the United States were cut off from sportsbooks. In 1992, lawmakers passed the Professional and Amateur Sports Protection Act (PASPA) which prevented states from regulating sports betting. Nevada was exempt from this law because sports betting had already been structured, allowing Las Vegas to become a mecca for sports gambling.
In fact, sports wagering has been illegal across the rest of the country for most of the last century. However, that changed in 2018 when lawmakers in the Supreme Court decided to squash PASPA and give individual states the freedom to legalize sports betting. Many states reacted by developing legal frameworks for physical sportsbooks at casinos, while others also legalized online sports betting.
With more states creating their own laws, sports betting could be available across most of the country within five years.
What This Means for Combat Sports
For fight fans, whether it’s boxing or the UFC, the growing availability of sports betting opens new doors. No longer do they need to visit Las Vegas to make wagers on major events. The gladiatorial element that is inherent in combat sports has always made boxing and MMA rich betting markets that are popular amongst punters.
For lawmakers in states, they have looked to Europe where sports betting has been available to consumers for decades. For example, the United Kingdom has highlighted how a successful land-based and online legal sports wagering framework can benefit consumers and bring a boost to the economy.
It’s a win-win situation for both customers and lawmakers. Furthermore, the morphing legality of sports betting is also allowing the expansion of the market. WWE is a wagering frontier that could soon be explored in the US.
In the United Kingdom, sportsbooks offer bets on WWE but at the moment online venues are reluctant to do the same in the United States. Admittedly, the predetermined nature of pro wrestling means sportsbooks must get creative with their betting lines and big wagers are never likely to be possible. Still, alongside traditional markets like boxing and UFC, WWE betting will become more common in the coming years.
Follow
Browse News | WWE | IMPACT
Popular Posts Chris Benoit Conspiracies Debunked
A History of Drugs in WWE
Recent Posts
Kairi Sane gone, Ric Flair’s wife COVID update, Aleister Black off TV
Tuesday, July 28th, 2020
SummerSlam on a boat or the beach? Matches confirmed after RAW
Tuesday, July 28th, 2020
Betting Odds For UFC Fight Island Prelims: It’s Gamble Time
Thursday, July 9th, 2020
Wrestling-Themed Slots worth a Try
Friday, June 26th, 2020
The Chris Benoit Files
WrestlePundit
Popular Posts Chris Benoit Conspiracies Debunked
A History of Drugs in WWE
Tweets by @wrestlingnews
Partner Site WideShut.co.uk - alternative news and views
Copyright © 2019 | Contact | Privacy Policy | Sitemap
We use 'cookies' to analyse and measure traffic to this site. Cookies also are used by advertisers to serve ads that are personalised to your interests or browsing habits. If you agree to the use of cookies click 'I Agree' or to learn more, read our: Privacy PolicyI Agree
We use 'cookies' to analyse and measure traffic to this site. Cookies also are used by advertisers to serve ads that are personalised to your interests or browsing habits. If you agree to the use of cookies click 'I Agree' or to learn more, read our: Privacy PolicyI Agree