http://www.cuswpc.org/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy:
Cuswpc Tech ("Cuswpc Tech")
operates cuswpc.org and may operate other websites. It
is Cuswpc Tech policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect
while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Cuswpc Tech collects non-personally-identifying information of the
sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference,
referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Cuswpc Tech purpose in
collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand
how Cuswpc Tech visitors use its website. From time to
time, Cuswpc Tech may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by
publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Cuswpc Tech also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol
(IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on cuswpc.org
blogs/sites. Cuswpc Tech only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same
circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that
commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site
where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Cuswpc Tech websites choose to interact
with Cuswpc Tech in ways that require Cuswpc Tech to gather
personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Cuswpc Tech gathers
depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at cuswpc.org to provide a
username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Cuswpc Tech are asked to
provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to
process those transactions. In each case, Cuswpc Tech collects such information only insofar as
is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with
Cuswpc Tech. Cuswpc Tech does not disclose personally-identifying information
other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with
the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Cuswpc Tech may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its
websites. Cuswpc Tech may display this information publicly or provide it to others.
However, Cuswpc Tech does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as
described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Cuswpc Tech discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information
only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information
in order to process it on Cuswpc Tech behalf or to provide services available
at Cuswpc Tech websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some
of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by
using Cuswpc Tech websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to
them. Cuswpc Tech will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated
organizations, as described above, Cuswpc Tech discloses potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or
when Cuswpc Tech believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the
property or rights of Cuswpc Tech, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered
user of an Cuswpc Tech website and have supplied your email address, Cuswpc Tech
may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to
date with what's going on with Cuswpc Tech and our products. If you send us a request (for
example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us
clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Cuswpc Tech takes all
measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of
potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser
provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Cuswpc Tech uses cookies to
help Cuswpc Tech identify and track visitors, their usage of Cuswpc Tech
website, and their website access preferences. Cuswpc Tech visitors who do not wish to have
cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before
using Cuswpc Tech websites, with the drawback that certain features
of Cuswpc Tech websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Cuswpc Tech, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event
that Cuswpc Tech goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the
assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that
any acquirer of Cuswpc Tech may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this
policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies.
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to
compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among
other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy
Policy covers the use of cookies by Cuswpc Tech and does not cover the use of cookies by any
advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Cuswpc Tech may change
its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Cuswpc Tech sole
discretion. Cuswpc Tech encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to
its Privacy Policy. If you have a cuswpc.org account, you might also
receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in
this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Search for:
Around The WebOne of these women could be the first to step on the moon December 10, 2020 Trevor MoggBoeing 737 Max back in service 2 years after crashes grounded global fleet December 10, 2020 Trevor MoggBest Samsung Galaxy S20 FE screen protectors December 10, 2020 Paula BeatonThe best cheap Razer deals for December 2020: Laptops, monitors, and more December 10, 2020 Lucas CollBest Buy laptop deals: The best offers for December 2020 December 10, 2020 Lucas Coll
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok