http://www.valleyracepark.com/about-us/privacy-policy
Menu
Home
Calendar
Simulcast
Plan Your Visit
Directions & Parking
Hotels
Fan Guide A-Z
Wagering 101
Admission
Racing Statistics
Simulcast Info
Simulcast Calendar
Carryovers
Stakes Races
Handicapping
Road to the Kentucky Derby 2020
Venue Rental
Privacy Policy
Valley Race Park is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the Valley Race Park Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the Valley Race Park website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Valley Race Park collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Valley Race Park also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by Valley Race Park. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by Valley Race Park for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Valley Race Park Web site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Valley Race Park public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Valley Race Park does not read any of your private online communications.
Valley Race Park encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from Valley Race Park so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. Valley Race Park is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Valley Race Park and Valley Race Park family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
Valley Race Park collects and uses your personal information to operate the Valley Race Park Web site and deliver the services you have requested. Valley Race Park also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Valley Race Park and its affiliates. Valley Race Park may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Valley Race Park does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Valley Race Park may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Valley Race Park may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Valley Race Park, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Valley Race Park does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Valley Race Park keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within Valley Race Park, in order to determine what Valley Race Park services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Valley Race Park to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Valley Race Park Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Valley Race Park or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Valley Race Park; and, © act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Valley Race Park, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Valley Race Park Web site uses “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Valley Race Park pages, or register with Valley Race Park site or services, a cookie helps Valley Race Park to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Valley Race Park Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Valley Race Park features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Valley Race Park services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Valley Race Park secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Valley Race Park secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
Valley Race Park will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Valley Race Park encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Valley Race Park is protecting your information.
Contact Information
Valley Race Park welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Valley Race Park has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Valley Race Park at info@shrp.com. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
View More
Simulcast Highlights
Suites
Plan Your Event
About Us