http://www.mississaugafsc.com/terms-conditions/
Terms & ConditionsWEBSITE TERMS & CONDITIONSThank you for visiting Mississauga Figure Skating Club’s official website www.mississaugafsc.com. These Terms & Conditions are between you and the Mississauga Figure Skating Club (“MFSC”), the organization that manages your use of this website (“the site”) and its content. By using the site, you have accepted these Terms & Conditions of use. Please do not use this site if you do not agree to these Terms & Conditions. MFSC reserves the right to change these Terms & Conditions from time to time without notice to you. Your continued use of the site after any changes have been posted implies your acceptance of those changes. You warrant to MFSC that you will not use the Site for any prohibited or unlawful purposes. You agree to not disable, damage, impair or interfere with the operation of this Site or interfere with the usage or enjoyment of this site for other visitors. You agree and acknowledge that you are prohibited from obtaining or attempting to obtain materials or information from this Site through any non-intentional means made available or provided for by MFSC through this Site. Any information and materials on this site were produced and/or compiled by the MFSC to provide site visitors with information such as, but not limited to, MFSC operation, programs, policies, procedures, rules, events and services. Copyright of any website content or graphical images are owned or licensed by MFSC. You may download, print and reproduce the written materials on this website for your own personal information and non-commercial use to participate and register for programs, events and initiatives. Reproduction and distribution of any graphical elements on the Site is prohibited except with the written consent from MFSC. MFSC’s logo may not be used without MFSC’s written permission. This Site uses industry standard security measures to protect against loss, misuse, alteration and theft. This Site uses 258-bit Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption when taking personal information from you. This Site encrypts any passwords provided to safeguard against unauthorized access to your information. This Site does not store credit card number or card security information (e.g. CVV) on our servers. To read further information regarding how MFSC protects your privacy during the usage of your site, visit our Privacy Policy. All information and content on this Site is provided solely for educational, informational and promotional purposes. Your browsing and use of this Site and its materials, content or documents is at your own risk. Though MFSC has made every effort to ensure the accuracy of all the information provided on this site and that all information and documentation is current from the date of your access and downloading of any information, the content and information may contain errors and inaccuracies. Some materials and documents provided on this Site may have been drafted or provided by independent third parties. MFSC does not accept any responsibility for the inaccuracies of those documents. You agree to indemnify and hold harmless MFSC, its directors, agents and employees from any liability, loss, claim, expense or demand relating to the use of this site. The Site may contain links to other websites created and managed by organizations other than MFSC. You acknowledge that MFSC does not control or operate those websites and provides you these links for your convenience. MFSC is not responsible for your usage of those sites. MFSC does not imply the endorsement or guarantee of any other organizations or sites that are linked from this Site.