http://www.neodawgs.com/privacy.php
Home
Forum
Downloads
Photos
Games
Cheats
Wall-E  ( NintendoDS)Lego Indiana Jones  ( SonyPSP)Wall-E  ( PS3)Wall-E  ( Xbox360)Conflict: Denied Ops  ( PS3)Bubble Bobble Double Shot  ( NintendoDS)Trauma Center: Under the Knife 2  ( NintendoDS)Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles: Ring of Fates  ( NintendoDS)Big Brain Academy  ( NintendoDS)Naruto: Ultimate Ninja 3  ( PS2)
Cheatoogle
Cheat Codes World
Cheat Server
Gamezone
Nexus
Deathstick
NeoDawgs Privacy Policy
This bulletin board will store a few details about you while you are veiwing areas
of the NeoDawgs site and/or using the bulletin board. The board administrator
takes all reasonable steps to ensure that no unauthorised access to the information
is granted.
The following information is collected.
Cookies
The bulletin board software will set the following cookies:
Membername: This is so the board can 'remember' your username
when using the bulletin board. This cookie is called 'amembernamecookie'.
Password: This is so you don't have to re-tpye in your password
everytime you wish to make a post or use any of the member only features on
the board. This cookie is called 'apasswordcookie'.
Last Visit Data: So that you can be made aware of any new
posts since your last visit, two cookies are stored. One called 'templastvisit',
the other 'lastvisit'. These only store data in a numerical format.
IP address
When you register and when you make a post - your IP address is stored on our
server. This protects you as a member and us as an organization when identifying that
the user who posted is indeed authentic. This information will only be used
if you misuse any features on the board or in any dispute. The site administrator
is able to ban by IP address
Registration Form
The registration process is designed so that you can keep a unique identity.
The only required parts to the registration process is the 'Membername' and
'Email address'. There is an option to keep this email address private if you
wish. The bulletin board administrator will take all reasonable measures to
ensure that any information you provide confidentially is kept confidential.
You may change this information at any time by editing your profile.
Postings
The board administrator(s) cannot be held responsible for the content of posted
messages on the forums. The board is moderated, but use of free speech (within
reason) is expected. At no time should personal information be posted on nay
forum, and users found to be posting such information will be warned/banned
from further posts.
Bulletin Board Security
Invision Power Board, being the authors of this Bulletin Board software, have
taken all reasonable steps to ensure that there is sufficient security in place
to stop external misuse of any and all information that you provide.
How to contact us
You are invited to email the board administrator using the email link at the bottom left of this page, to
find out more information.
* Site Shutdown* Paintball - Whats that?* Neodawgs get together* Colts at the Superbowl!* New Year's Eve 09-10
Blondy Girl
Tierod
Home | Forum
| Downloads | Photos
| Games | Cheats | Sitemap | About
| Paintball | LAN Parties
All images are ©Copyright of NeoDawgs 2004
NeoDawgs Privacy StatementNeoDawgs Paintball, LAN Parties, Cheat Codes