http://www.nottinghamhockeyclub.com/privacy
Fair processing.
By submitting Personal Information to this website, you agree that Nottingham Hockey Club may process it in the manner described in this policy which describes our current practices with regard to Personal Information which is hosted by ClubBuzz Ltd. The term 'Personal Information' refers to information about you personally, which, from time to time, you will be asked to submit (e.g. name and email address) in order to receive or use services on our website. As a result of changes in the law and technology, our practices will change over time. When this happens, we will post the changes on our website as soon as is practicable and, therefore, we encourage you to check the site frequently. We will always deal with your Personal Information fairly and in accordance with your instructions. Use of Personal Information We will tell you the purposes for which we will process personal information. Such purposes include the following:
maintaining our membership database.
to inform you of selection for teams or invitations to club events.
contacting you with information pertinent to your membership or application for membership and details of events and other matters which we think will be of interest to you.
marketing and market research.
internal use to help us improve our services and to help resolve any problems.
Disclosure
Any information you provide to us will only be used by us and possibly passed to our partners for the purpose of dealing with payments and using communications portals. It may also be disclosed to your organisation’s Governing Body. You should also be aware that your information may be disclosed where we are obliged or permitted by law to do so.
Timescale
We will hold your Personal Information within our systems for as long as you remain a member of the club. When you cease to be a member all personal data will be deleted within 6 weeks of the date of your resignation.
Cookies
A 'cookie' is a small amount of information that is placed on your computer's hard drive when you visit a website. It collects details of visitor behaviour, which can be used to improve the service delivered to you on a website.
Your computer can be set to accept or reject cookies if you visit the "help" menu on your web browser. However, by rejecting cookies, you will not be able to use the "members' area" of the site and you will not be able to complete the registration process.
When you visit this site, your Personal Information may be collected using 'cookies'. Such information is subject to data protection laws and is dealt with in accordance with this Policy. For more information please visit : http://www.aboutcookies.org. This site uses Google Analytics to collect usage data and Google also uses cookies for this purpose. Google has its own Privacy Policy which can be viewed at
http://www.google.com/intl/en/privacy/privacy-policy.html. Where the site links to other websites and services these may also involve cookies. You are advised to check the privacy policy of each of these sites before using them. Security Your data will be managed by ClubBuzz Ltd who manage data for hundreds of similar clubs in a secure hosting environment. Your data will be retained within the European Economic Area (EEA) other than where it is transferred to a third party for the purpose of setting up a payment regime where it will only leave the EEA if security meets the EU’s security requirements.
Join our club
Contact us today if you are interested in finding out more about our club either as a player, official, coach or volunteer.
Get in touch
Sponsors Area
Details of Data Controller are
Name:
William Johnson
Email:
cwdjohnson@gmail.com