http://www.glasgow2014.com/terms-and-conditions
Skip to main navigation
Skip to main content
Skip to footer
Glasgow 2014
Other
Privacy
Education
Terms and Conditions
You are hereHome > Other > Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
You should read these terms and conditions before using this website (the “Website”) in any way. These terms and conditions form part of an agreement between you, the end-user, and us, Glasgow 2014 Limited, which sets out the conditions under which you may access any information, documentation, products, services and advertisements (the "Material") available through the Website.
Use of the Website constitutes your acceptance of these terms and conditions, and they apply from the time of your first use of the Website. If these terms and conditions are not accepted in full, you do not have permission to access the Website and the Material, and therefore your access to the Website should cease immediately. There may be other terms and conditions, guidelines and policies within areas of the Website which relate to your use of such areas, and these other terms, guidelines and policies will, together with these terms and conditions, govern your use of the Website.
Glasgow 2014 Limited reserves the right to change these terms and conditions and any other terms, guidelines and policies contained elsewhere on the Website at any time. It shall be your responsibility to check regularly to ensure that you agree to any such amendments. If you do not agree to any changes that we have made, you should stop accessing the Website immediately. Glasgow 2014 Limited will determine, at its sole discretion, whether there has been a breach of these terms and conditions through your use of the Website. Where a breach has occurred, we may take such action as we deem appropriate.
Glasgow 2014 Limited
This Website is owned and made available by Glasgow 2014 Limited, a private limited company incorporated in Scotland (No: SC325245) with its registered office at Commonwealth House, 32 Albion Street, Glasgow G1 1LH (referred to in these terms and conditions as "we" and "us" and “Glasgow 2014”).
No warranty
The Website and the Material are provided to you on an "as is" and "as available" basis. You should not rely upon the Material or information on the Website as a basis for making any business, legal or other decisions. Whilst we endeavour to keep the information up to date and correct, Glasgow 2014 makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the Website or the information, documentation, products, services or related graphics contained on the Website, for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such Material is therefore strictly at your own risk. Specifically, we do not warrant: (1) that any functions on the Website will be uninterrupted or error free; (2) that any defects which may occur will be corrected; (3) that the Website or the server which makes it available are free from bugs, defects or viruses ; or (4) the accuracy of the Material. You are using the Website and the Material at your own risk.
Liability
To the extent permitted by law, we hereby expressly refuse any liability for any loss or damage, howsoever arising, out of or in connection with your use of the Website or the Material, including, without limitation, direct or indirect loss, consequential loss or damage, loss of profit or goodwill, loss arising from use or inability to use, loss arising from any errors or omissions in the Material or in the Website (or any other third party website you may enter via the Website) as a result of breach of contract, negligence, delict or other tort. This does not affect our liability for death or personal injury arising from our negligence, nor our liability for fraudulent misrepresentation or misrepresentation as to a fundamental matter, nor any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
Indemnity
You will indemnify and defend us against all claims, liability, damages, costs and expenses, including legal fees, as a result of your breach of these terms and conditions or any use of the Material or the Website.
Intellectual Property Rights
The Website, including (but not limited to) artwork, data, frames, graphics, illustrations, logos, music, names, pages, photographs, service marks, software, sound, source codes, text, trade marks, video, and other material (including the Material) is protected by copyright and/or other proprietary rights (the “Intellectual Property Rights”). The Intellectual Property Rights remain with us, or where any material has been licensed to us, with the rights owners of such material. You must abide by all additional copyright notices or restrictions contained on the Website.
Downloaded Material
Any Material which is downloadable is carefully checked for viruses before being uploaded onto the Website. However, we recommend that as an extra precaution you run your own virus check on any Material you download by opening it and/or saving it to your disk or hard drive. Downloading by you of any Material (“Downloaded Material”) is permitted by us provided that: (1) you do not download onto any server or other device connected to a network; (2) you make no more than one printed copy of the Downloaded Material and no further copies of such printed copies are made; (3) you make only personal, non-commercial use of it and/or the printed copy; (4) you retain on it and/or on any printed copy or any part thereof, all copyright and other proprietary notices and remain bound by the terms of such wording and notices; and (5) you do not offer any Downloaded Material for sale or for distribution. No part of the Website may be used to construct a database of any kind, nor may the Website or any part of it be stored in databases for access by you or any person unless you or such other person have obtained our prior written consent.
Prohibited uses
Except to the extent otherwise specifically indicated on the Website, you undertake and warrant to us: (1) not to use the Material for any unlawful purpose; (2) not to make any use of the Website so that the Website is interrupted, damaged or rendered less efficient, or the functionality of the Website is in any way impaired; (3) not to copy, reproduce, recompile, de-compile, disassemble, reverse engineer, distribute, publish, display, perform, modify, upload to create derivative works from, transmit or in any other way exploit any part of the Website; (4) not to use the Website for the transmission or posting of any computer viruses or any material which, in our sole opinion, is defamatory, offensive or of an obscene or menacing character, or in such a way as to cause annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety to any person; (5) not to use the Website in a manner which, in our sole opinion, amounts to a violation or infringement of the rights of any person, firm or company (including but not limited to rights of copyright, confidentiality or privacy); (6) not to use the Website to transmit any material for the purposes of publicity, promotion and/or advertising on behalf of yourself or anyone else; and (7) should you have any right, claim or action against any other person arising out of the use of the Website, to pursue such right, claim or action independently of, and without recourse to, us.
Right of automatic suspension
We shall have the right to immediately suspend your access to the Website if you commit a breach of these terms and conditions, and the right to remove any material that we, at our sole discretion, consider to be defamatory, or otherwise in breach of any of the above warranties.
Links to other websites
Banner links for Glasgow 2014 are provided at our absolute discretion and may be altered, or removed from your website, by us at any time. Our banner links should not appear on the home page of a commercial organisation and should always be displayed in a proportionate manner. If you do not want to sign up for our banner-link facility, you may create your own link to the Website, provided that your link is in a text-only format. You may not use any link to the Website as a method of creating an unauthorised association between an organisation, business, goods or services and Glasgow 2014 Commonwealth Games, and agree that no such link shall portray us or any other official Glasgow 2014 organisation (or our/ their activities, products or services) in a false, misleading, derogatory or otherwise objectionable manner. The use of our logo or any other Commonwealth Games or Glasgow 2014 mark(s) as a link to the Website is not permitted; please refer to our guidelines on brand usage and brand protection for further information. Links are only permitted to the Home Page of the Website. You must not make the Website or any part of it available as part of another website, whether by hyperlink framing on the Internet or otherwise. You must not make the Website (or any part of it) appear on any other website as having a special relationship with that or any other website(s). The Website contains links (the “Links”) to websites operated by parties other than us (“Third Party Websites”). We do not control Third Party Websites, and are not responsible for their content. The inclusion of the Links does not imply any endorsement of the material on Third Party Websites, or any association with their operators. You enter Third Party Websites at your discretion and you are solely responsible for evaluating the integrity of the operators of any Third Party Websites, the accuracy and completeness of any information contained on them and the value and authenticity of any goods or services offered through them.
Exclusion of liability in relation to Third Party Websites
We accept no liability for your decision to enter Third Party Websites via the Website nor with respect to any of the products, information, material or services offered or provided by any persons or other organisations listed on, or linked to, the Website, nor do we endorse any of them or any of their products or services. Should you decide to contract with any such person or organisation, the contract will be directly between you and that other party. We will have no contractual involvement, and will not be liable to you in contract or otherwise for any losses or damages that you suffer in relation to and as a result of products, information, materials or services provided to you by any of these organisations.
Severability
If any of these terms and conditions should be determined to be illegal, invalid or otherwise unenforceable by reason of law then, to the extent and within the jurisdiction in which that term or condition is found to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, it shall be severed and deleted and the remainder of the terms and conditions shall survive, remain in full force and effect, and shall continue to be binding and enforceable.
Applicable law and jurisdiction
These terms and conditions are governed and will be interpreted in accordance with Scots Law. The Scottish Courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any claim or dispute arising out of, or in connection with, these terms and conditions, although we reserve the right to bring proceedings against you for breach of these conditions either in the Scottish Courts or in your country of residence or other relevant country. If you have any questions or concerns about the terms and conditions of use of the Website for Glasgow 2014 Limited or its implementation, you may contact us at contactus@Glasgow2014.com.
Share on:
Twitter
Facebook
Google
Pinterest
The Glasgow XX Commonwealth Games are now over. This website is closed and for reference purposes only. Some external links may no longer work. For the latest news and information, please visit the Commonwealth Games Federation website.