http://www.cvcbike.org/club-policies.html
Home
Gallery
CVC Rides
General Ride Schedule
Ride Level Information
Ride Safety
Some Local Rides
Join CVC
CVC Member Benefits
CVC Ride Announcements
CVC Member Messages
CVC Liability Release Form
Local Bike Shops and Clubs
CVC Cycling Apparel
CVC Kit
Vintage CVC/Cruisin' Jerseys
CVC Casual Wear
Picnic & Benefit Ride
About
Contact
Club Policies
CVC Bylaws
Privacy Policy
CVC Internet Privacy Statement (Effective Date: April 28, 2010)CVC respects your privacy and is committed to collecting, maintaining
and using your information responsibly.  This privacy statement
explains the type of information that we collect when you visit www.cvcbike.org (the “Site”). Information We Collect: From You In general, you can visit our Site without telling us who you are or
revealing any personal information about yourself.  However, like almost
all websites, our server logs capture anonymous information regarding
your date/time visited, operating system, browser software, and IP
(Internet Protocol) address.  We may use this information to improve
performance of our server and to administer our Site. Also, like many Web sites, we use “cookies,” to allow you to store
settings.  Cookies are very tiny text files that are stored on your
computer when you visit certain web pages that record your preferences.
Our website does not require the use of cookies, and you can, of
course, disable cookies on your computer by indicating this in the
preferences or options menus in your browser. Online and paper membership applications to the CVC involve
collection of personally identifiable information including name,
address, email address, emergency contact name and phone number,
membership type, occupation, date of birth and date of enrollment.
Additionally, CVC may use an online service provider for online
membership enrollment/renewal; the service provider may also collect
credit card information but does not share this data with the CVC. Information You Submit: To Us As advertised, CVC membership includes automatic membership in the League of American Bicyclists (LAB) and a subscription to Bicycling
magazine as benefits of joining the CVC.  To receive this benefit,
personal information submitted on your CVC membership application is
shared with the LAB and Rodale Inc., the publisher of Bicycling magazine.  No opt-out option is provided by CVC for these benefits. The CVC explicitly asks members to opt-in to other programs, such as
inclusion in CVC email lists, online member directories and distribution
of names to local bicycle stores (if necessary, so you can receive a
CVC discount).  The CVC does not share members’ personally identifiable
information in any of these programs unless members specifically opt in
to each of these programs.  CVC members may change their opt-in
preferences at anytime for the other programs by sending an email to the CVC webmaster. As required by Article XI, Paragraph (a) 2b of the CVC bylaws,
CVC board members are entitled to inspect all CVC records, including
membership records, at any time. Only those board members and CVC staff
with relevant business duties (e.g., support staff such as the
membership director or webmaster) may access personal information, and
then only to perform their duties. In all cases, CVC board and staff
agree to hold personally identifiable information in confidence and not
to distribute such information for non-CVC purposes. Board members and
CVC staff are subject to dismissal for any privacy violation. Acceptance: By using this Web Site, you accept the policies set forth in this
Privacy Statement.  If we make any material changes to this privacy
policy, we will post the changes on this Site. If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement, or if you
wish to make any changes to any personally identifiable information that
you have submitted through this website, please contact the CVC webmaster.Out-Spokin/Conejo Velo, Inc. (dba Conejo Valley Cyclists) (CVC) is an
amateur nonprofit recreational bicycling club.  As part of its mission
to promote bicycling, the CVC operates multiple mailing lists and a web
site, all within the ‘cvcbike.org’ domain. EMAIL LISTS ACCEPTABLE USE POLICY These online resources provide a forum for the exchange of bicycling
information of interest to club members.  To continue to provide a
useful forum for discussion of relevant bicycling issues and to protect
members’ privacy, the CVC’s online resources (web page, email listserv,
forum, etc.) are governed by the following acceptable use and privacy policies.1. Discussion will focus on issues directly related to bicycling. 2. Postings that include discriminatory or offensive
language,  pornographic material, or material which is otherwise
inappropriate, unlawful or shows a lack of respect for other
participants are prohibited. 3. Retail or wholesale business product or services marketing is generally prohibited except in the following instances: Individual Members: Current CVC members wishing to
sell their bicycles or bicycle parts online.  It’s OK to list a set of
wheels for sale; it’s NOT OK to advertise that you’ve set up a business
selling jerseys out of your garage. Merchant (Retail Bike Shop, Service, Commercial) Members: CVC
actively supports and encourages our local bike shops, sponsors and
merchants.  Our policy is meant to foster a close, mutually beneficial
relationship without showing specific favoritism for any one shop or
establishment over another.  Although prohibited from posting specific
product or sale events, CVC encourages our local bike shop and bike
service merchant members to post notice of cycling-related educational,
advocacy, product demonstrations or service events to our members that
are free of cost or obligation.  This is a change over our previous
policy, therefore, CVC and its Board reserve the right to limit this
activity should it become excessive, overly competitive or exclusionary
in any way. 4. Postings of a political, philosophical or legal nature are prohibited. 5. Using club members’ personally identifiable information (such as
name, phone or email address) as a source for private marketing
initiatives is prohibited. 6. Autoresponders sending mail either to mailing lists or to the poster are prohibited. 7. The posting of copyrighted materials without written permission of
the copyright holder is prohibited.  An exception is the “fair-use”
doctrine in which an excerpt or summary of the copyrighted material is
posted along with a link to the original material and credit to the
copyright holder. Individuals who violate these guidelines will be contacted and asked
to adhere to the guidelines.  If groups or individuals persist in
introducing topics that are outside these guidelines, CVC board members
or staff will send a request to the entire mailing list requesting
adherence to the guidelines.  Repeat violations of these guidelines are
grounds for temporary or permanent suspension of posting privileges.
Copyright © 2020 / Conejo Valley Cyclists (CVC) / www.cvcbike.org