https://www.springfieldymca.org/privacy-statement/
Classes & Schedules
Programs/Register
Donate
Privacy Statement
Our Privacy Statement
The YMCA of Springfield is committed to protecting your personal information.
Below you will find more information about our privacy policy.
This privacy policy will advise you about our guidelines concerning the use of your personal information, including, without limitation, the reasonable efforts we make to protect your personal information in accordance with these guidelines, and about what choices you have concerning our use of such information. Please read this policy carefully. We may need to change this policy from time to time in order to address new issues and reflect changes on our Site. We will post those changes here so that you will always know our policies regarding what information we gather, how we might use that information, and whether we will disclose that information to anyone. Please refer back to this policy regularly.
We keep your private information private by:
Not selling your information—You’ve entrusted us with your personal information, and we’re committed to using it wisely. YMCA OF SPRINGFIELD will not sell your personal information to anyone, for any reason, at any time.
Using firewalls and encryption—We use firewalls and encryption technology to protect personal information on our computer systems.
Restricting who has access to your information—We take precautions to ensure that your internet account and personal information are accessible only by employees who are authorized to have access to your personal information.
If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy, please contact us at:
YMCA OF SPRINGFIELD
701 S 4th Street
Springfield, IL 62703
Scope of Privacy Policy
This policy applies to your use of this site. This policy does not apply to your use of unaffiliated sites to which this site only links.
Personal Identification Information
We may request personal identification information from you (such as your last name, age, city and state) in connection with your use of, or participation in registration for surveys, forums, content submissions, chats, bulletin boards, discussion groups, requests for suggestions, or additional information, and in connection with other activities, services or resources we make available on any of our Sites. In all of these cases, we will collect personal identification information from you only if you voluntarily submit such information to us. Except as otherwise provided in this policy, we reasonably endeavor to ensure that we never intentionally disclose any personal identification information about you as an individual user to any third party without having received your permission (through opt-in or similar procedures) except as provided for herein or otherwise as permitted or required under law. Further, YMCA OF SPRINGFIELD may contact you based on the information you provide online whether in connection with your registration or in such places as the above described forums.
If you do provide us with personal information for any of these activities, we may use it to conduct the activity.
YMCA OF SPRINGFIELD does not rent or sell personal identification information, including information provided by children, to outside marketers. In certain circumstances, YMCA OF SPRINGFIELD may share personal identification information with trusted service providers that need access to your information to provide operational or other support services or we may share this aggregate statistical information with other third parties; to ensure the confidentiality and security of this information, service providers must agree to safeguard all information in strict compliance with our policy. We may also provide information to regulatory authorities and law enforcement officials in accordance with applicable law or when we otherwise believe in good faith that the law requires it.
Non-Personal Identification Information
We collect non-personal identification information without limitation, through the use of the following types of methodology:
“Cookie” technology: A “cookie” is an element of data that a website can send to your browser, which may then store it on your system.
“IP address tracking”: An IP address is a number that is assigned to your computer when you are on the Internet. When you request pages from our Sites, our servers log your IP address.
“Web beacons”: A Web beacon, or “clear gif,” is a small graphic image on a webpage or web-based document that a website can use to determine information about a user.
Non-personal identification information might include the browser you use, the type of computer, technical information about your means of connection to our Sites (such as the operating systems and the Internet service providers utilized), and other similar information. Our systems may also automatically gather information about the areas you visit and search terms you utilize on our Sites and about the links you may select from within our Sites to other areas of the World Wide Web or elsewhere online.
We use such information for our business purposes, and, in particular, primarily to administer the Sites, and, in the aggregate, to what technologies are being used so that we may continually improve our Sites.
Privacy of Children
We are mindful that young people need special safeguards and privacy protection. We realize that they may not understand all the provisions of our policy or be able to make thoughtful decisions about the choices that are made available to our adult users. We strongly urge all parents to participate in their children’s exploration of the Internet and any online services, and to teach their children about protecting their personal information while online.
Community Guidelines
Guidelines for participants in our social media, blogs, and forums are available at
Donations
We collect only enough information to process your donation and do not use the information for any other purpose. Your payment information is transmitted to us using a secure internet method that helps ensure the privacy of this information. During the time your payment information resides on our computers, it is in an encrypted format and can only be accessed by authorized personnel with a decryption key.
Links to Other Sites
Users will find other content on our Sites that link to the sites and services of other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies, or no policy (policies) at all. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any third party sites or services before providing any of them with your personal information.
Choice/Opt-Out
If you “opt-in” to receive information from us, you can change your mind later. If at any time you would like to stop receiving such information or opt-out of a feature, you may change your options by contacting info@springifeldymca.org. You should be aware, however, that it is not always possible to completely remove or modify information in our databases and servers, although we will always make reasonable efforts to do so upon your request, and we are unable to have your information removed from the records of any third party who has been provided with your information in accordance with this policy.
Consent to Transfer
The Sites are operated in the United States. If you are located outside of the United States, please be aware that any information you provide to us will be transferred to the United States. By using our Website, participating in any of our services and/or providing us with your information, you consent to this transfer.
Your Acceptance of These Terms
By using any of the Sites, you signify your acceptance of our Privacy Policy, your promise to comply with the representations you make and contained in the Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions, and your understanding of the scope and limitations of the protections provided under the Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. If you do not agree to these policies, please do not use our Sites. Your continued use of the Sites following the posting of changes to these terms will mean that you accept those changes.
VirtuaGym Privacy Policy
General Terms and Conditions Virtuagym
These are the General Terms and Conditions, as used by Virtuagym, a limited liability company, registered as Digifit B.V. at the Chamber of Commerce at Amsterdam with number 34296133 (hereafter: “Virtuagym”). VIRTUAGYM is a registered trademark of DIGIFiT B.V.
By making use of the website, mobile apps and any other products and services of Virtuagym (hereafter: “the Products”) you declare to explicitly agree with all General Terms and Conditions of Virtuagym (hereafter: “Terms and Conditions”).
The Terms and Conditions apply to Virtuagym’s end-users (hereafter: “Consumers”) and the Virtuagym’s business users of Virtuagym Professional products and services (hereafter: “Professional Clients”) and their clients (hereafter: “Client Members”). Consumers, Professional Clients and Client Members will be referred to in general as “Users”. Users and Virtuagym will be referred to as “Parties”.
1. Privacy Policy
1.1 Virtuagym cares highly about the privacy of its Users and therefore values a clear privacy policy. Virtuagym shall never share, sell or otherwise transfer any Personal Data (“Persoonsgegevens”) of its Users to third parties. Please read our Privacy Statement to learn more about the privacy policy of Virtuagym with regard to the user data.
2. Use
2.1 The use of the Products is only allowed, if the General Terms and Conditions and the Privacy Statement are agreed upon, with a few exceptions in a number cases mentioned hereafter. Therefore, by using one or more Products, the Party declares to agree with the Terms and Conditions.
2.2 Virtuagym reserves the right to forbid the use of and/or access to her products without (prior) notice or reason, in example by blocking or removing profiles or by blocking IP-adresses of computers, in case Virtuagym finds this appropriate due to whatever reason.
2.3 Consumer Profiles are restricted to natural persons for personal use only and public groups are for users with a jointly interest only. Companies and other institutions, like foundations, gyms and other commercial companies are only allowed to create groups within the Virtuagym Professional services, not on the public version of the Products, unless they have received prior written permission from Virtuagym.
2.4 Profiles and groups contrary to previous rules can be removed, without prior notice.
3. Objectionable Content Policy
Content may not be submitted to the Products and Virtuagym moderates all content and ultimately decides whether or not to post a submission to the extent such content includes, is in conjunction with, or alongside any, Objectionable Content. Objectionable Content includes, but is not limited to: (i) sexually explicit materials; (ii) obscene, defamatory, libelous, slanderous, violent and/or unlawful content or profanity; (iii) content that infringes upon the rights of any third party, including copyright, trademark, privacy, publicity or other personal or proprietary right, or that is deceptive or fraudulent; (iv) content that promotes the use or sale of illegal or regulated substances, tobacco products, ammunition and/or firearms; and (v) gambling, including without limitation, any online casino, sports books, bingo or poker.
4. Age Restrictions
By using the Products of Virtuagym, you represent and warrant that (a) you are 16 years of age or older and you agree to be bound by this Agreement; (b) if you are under 16 years of age, you have obtained verifiable consent from a parent or legal guardian; and (c) your use of the Products does not violate any applicable law or regulation. Your access to the Products may be terminated without warning if Virtuagym believes, in its sole discretion, that you are under the age of 16 years and have not obtained verifiable consent from a parent or legal guardian. If you are a parent or legal guardian and you provide your consent to your child’s use of the Products, you agree to be bound by this Agreement in respect to your child’s use of the Products.
5. Offered information
5.1 Although the information on this website and contained within the other Products – with the exception of the user generated content – is made with great care, a complete accuracy, reliability or suitability whatsoever cannot be guaranteed. Therefore, in case you rely on the information on this website or contained within the other Products, whether or not originating from Virtuagym or one of its employees, this is completely at your own risk.
5.2 The information is explicity not meant for replacing medical care, medical advice or support by professionals within other disciplines. Virtuagym should in example never be used for (self)diagnosis. In any case it is strongly recommended that users immediately consult their doctor with any medical questions, complaints and/or symptoms.
5.3 By accepting these Terms and Conditions the Party explicitly recognizes that Virtuagym cannot be held liable for any defects and/or wrong information contained within the information offered, and the possible damage which may occur in result thereof.
6. Physical exercise and Nutrition
6.1 Performing physical exercise or following a diet plan can pose a health risk, ranging from injuries to death. Users that wish to start with any form of physical exercise or a diet plan with the Products, must always consult their doctor and/or dietitian prior to starting said exercise or plan. Users who experience any form of pain or become dizzy or short of breath should immediately stop the physical exercise or their diet plan and contact a doctor for advice.
7. Rights of intellectual property
7.1 By accepting these Terms and Conditions the Party explicitly recognizes that all designs, information, images and other content within the Products – with exception of user generated content – are property of Virtuagym, and are protected by relevant laws of intellectual property, including but not restricted to copyrights, trademark rights, database rights, neighboring rights, patents and design rights.
7.2 Virtuagym grants users a limited, personal, non-exclusive, non sub-licensable, non-transferable and revocable right to use the Products for personal purposes and under the terms and conditions, as stated in these General Terms and Conditions.
7.3 In case Virtuagym and a third party, being an company or institution, agree upon the licensing of one or more of the Products, this concerns a limited, non-exclusive, not sub-licensable, non-transferable and revocable right to use said Products concerned.
7.4 It is explicitly forbidden to copy, duplicate, modify, publish or use the designs, information, graphics and other content for direct or indirect commercial purposes, unless explicitly agreed in written form with Virtuagym.
7.5 The Party declares not to perform any acts which infringe or can infringe the (intellectual property- or database) rights of Virtuagym or third parties.
8. Licensing for shared information
8.1 The Party grants Virtuagym in exchange for the services granted by Virtuagym a continued, worldwide, unlimited, irrevocably, non-exclusive license without any extra remuneration by Virtuagym, including the right to sub-license, to all information, including but not limited for texts, images, photos, video and soundfiles, designs and user information, which is uploaded to, shared with or saved within the Products or shared with Virtuagym in any other way by the Party(hereafter: “the Shared Information”), to use, copy, distribute, transfer, perform, modify, or use otherwise, for commercial or other purposes through all existing media.
8.2 By accepting the General Terms of Conditions, the opposite party guarantees that the Shared Information does not infringe any intellectual property right, privacy or other rights of third parties, does not contravene the law, does not contains (child)pornographic material or is otherwise offensive, does not constitute threat or defamation, is free from viruses or other code which is harmful or can be harmful to computers, other electronics or the data or programs contained thereon, and has no commercial purpose.
8.3 The Party remains fully responsible and liable for any direct or indirect damage caused for Virtuagym and third parties due the Shared Information by the Party.
8. User information and registration
8.1 The Party declares that the information provided, in example for registration, is correct and complete and that it will update these where possible within the Products, in case of changes. Any passwords should be kept carefully and may not be shared with third parties.
8.2 The Party may not grant third parties access to Products via his own registered account. In case the Party share his account access information with third parties, he will be fully responsible and liable for direct and indirect damage resulting thereof.
8.3 The Party agrees that Virtuagym saves, processes and stores all the data provided by the Party, including through use of the Products. Please also see our Privacy Statement.
9. Communication
9.1 Virtuagym may send varying communications to users via the Products, including update notifications or reminders, e-mails or other communications. Users can indicate at the settings until what extend they wish to receive said communications.
9.2 The Party agrees that Virtuagym may approach the Party for important changes or updates of the Products, in case deemed necessary by Virtuagym. Such communication shall in principle never contain any commercial messages from third parties.
9.3 Members can communicate with each other within the Products, e.g. by placing comments or sending messages or discussing within groups. The Party declares not to send spam, or any other communications which is undesired by the receiver, being commercial or otherwise, including but not limited to threatening, agressive, obscene, ignominious, offending, privacy infriging or commercial communications. Any acts contrary to these condition can – as with the other conditions – result in immediate denial of access and use of the Products and termination of the user license.
9.4 Virtuagym is at any time free to delete any user communications or other Shared Information without any prior or further notice if these are regarded to be below standard or otherwise inappropriate by Virtuagym.
9.5 For all communication and contact via the Products the following user guidelines apply:
a) Keep it always fun and positive!
b) Treat each other with respect
c) Respect each others opinion, even if you do not agree with it
d) Do not place “off-topic” messages within discussions
e) Do not bother people with irrelvant matters
f) Do not advertise for any products or services
10. Information from third parties
10.1 The Products may contain information from third parties or refer thereto, including but not restricted to information created by users, advertisements, banners and website links (hereafter: “Information from Third Parties”).
10.2 Information from Third Parties generally is and cannot be previously checked by Virtuagym, which means that we can not guarantee the quality and validity thereof. Virtuagym is not responsible or liable for Information from Third Parties, nor for the possible direct or indirect damage which may result from it.
10.3 Third parties may connect to Virtuagym via the API and obtain access to publicly available data contained within the Products, including possibly personal user data which has been published on the Products with their permission. Beside that third parties can obtain access to public and closed personal data via the API, when a user explicitly gives permission for it. The General Terms and Conditions and Privacy Statement from Virtuagym do in principal not apply to applications from third parties. These third parties may use different General Terms and Conditions and Privacy Statements.
11. Unlawful information
11.1 After a report Virtuagym will investigate the presence of unlawful information in one or more of the Products within a reasonable time and will take action against it if possible. Any unlawful communication should be reported directly via e-mail to info@virtuagym.com.
11.2 This report should in any case contain the following information:
a) the URL where the alleged unlawful information can be found.
b) your explicit statement that the material is unlawful and why.
c) in case it is a case of infringement of rights of intellectual property, you need to substantiate that you are the rightful owner of said rights, and to which extent the information infringes said rights.
d) in case you represent someone else, an authorization which allows you to act on behalf of the rightful claimant, signed by the rightful claimant.
e) Your name, email address, address and phone number, so that Virtuagym can contact you.
12. Paid Products
12.1 The listed prices of the Products are in Euro’s and exclusive VAT, unless explicitly stated otherwise.
12.2 All listed prices are conditional and can be adjusted without an prior notice.
12.3 Termination of periodical subscriptions cannot take effect before the end of the period that has been agreed upon. Such termination has to be done at least 1 month, before the end of the (renewed) contract period. For monthly subscriptions, termination has to take place 2 weeks before this. Without termination, the subscriptions will automaticly be extended after agreed period has ended, in principle for a same period, unless otherwise agreed. Users can unsubscribe at any time, although the afore mentioned notice term applies.
12.4 In order to terminate a subscription effectively, the user should follow this link. The membership will end on the given end date.
12.5 Payment is due once the agreement is in place, unless otherwise agreed upon.
12.6 The Products shall be delivered as soon as possible or within the agreed period after payment. Virtuagym accepts no liability for any damage, in case the delivery takes place after the agreed period.
13. Modifications to the Products
13.1 Virtuagym explicit reserves the right at any time to modify, stop or change a part of, or the whole of one or more of the Products, for a determined peroid or always, without prior notification or after to the Party, whether it concerns paid or unpaid Products.
13.2 This may also result in non-accessability or loss of a part or the whole of the Shared Information, including the Shared Information of the Party. Virtuagym cannot be held liable for any direct or indirect damage resulting thereof.
13.3 In case of such a modification of the Products, for whatever reason, the Party will have on his request the (already) paid amounts to Virtuagym or her partners refunded pro ratio.
14. Modification of the General Terms and Conditions
14.1 Virtuagym reserves the right to change her General Terms and Conditions at any time. After such a modigication the changed General Terms and Conditions will be offered for inspection immediately on the website.
14.2 By using the website and the other products of Virtuagym after changes to the General Terms and Conditions the Party declares to agree to the new GeneralTerms and Conditions.
15. Conformity and exclusion of liability
15.1 The Products and the content thereof are deliverd by Virtuagym as such, including potential defects.
15.2 Nor Virtuagym, nor her partners or suppliers give any guarantee, explicit of implicit, regarding the functionality of the Products or any content thereof.
15.3 Virtuagym cannot and does not guarantee that the Products are availible at any moment at any location, and that said availability occurs safely, or that any errors will be solved or that the Products are free from viruses or other potentially damaging software or parts.
15.4 The Party acknowledges that the Products may contain potential (hidden) defects and accepts the risks for any direct or indirect damage which may occur thereof. The Party cannot terminate an agreement based on non-compliance.
16. Electronic signature
16.1 By using the Products the Party provides an electronic signature so that these General Terms and Conditions apply.
17. Application and competence
17.1 These General Terms and Conditions replace all prior agreements or commitments, unless these are explicit agreed upon by an authorized director of Virtuagym.
17.2 One or more parts of these General Terms and Conditions may not apply in the applicable legal system. In such a case the remaining parts of this agreement remain valid between parties.
17.3 Dutch Law applies to this agreement. Any disputes which may result from this agreement will be exclusively decided upon by the competent court in Amsterdam, The Netherlands.
Quick LinksHome
Memberships
Program Registration
Classes & Schedules
Departments
Aquatics
Health & Wellness
Youth Sports
Adult Sports
Youth Development
Diverse Abilities
Join the Y
Downtown Downtown Facility
601 North 4th Street
Springfield, IL 62703 (Map)
Main Line (217) 544-9846
Hours
M-F
5:00am - 7:00pm
Sat
7:00am - 1:00pm
Sun
CLOSED
Kerasotes Kerasotes Facility
4550 W Iles Ave
Springfield, IL 62711 (Map)
Main Line (217) 679-1625
Hours
Mon-Fri
5:00am
- 8:00am
Mon-Fri
10:00am - 1:00pm
Mon-Fri
4:00pm
- 7:00pm
Sat
CLOSED
Sun
CLOSED
Search
Search
Suggestions?
Your Name (required)
Your Email (required)
Your Message
© 2020 YMCA Springfield, IL