http://www.mountaincreek.com/policies
Mountain Creek is committed to the health and safety of our guests and our team.  Please be aware that exposure to COVID-19 is an inherent risk in any public location where people are present.  We have taken numerous steps to reduce this inherent risk and ask that you familiarize yourself with our COVID-19 health and safety precautions and requirements (learn more) prior to your visit.  You should evaluate your own level of risk when determining whether to visit.  By coming to Mountain Creek you acknowledge and agree that you assume these inherent risks associated with your attendance as we have explained them to you.  Thank you.
Back to Top
29 °F
| Resort Status
Main navigation
The Resort
Overview
Mountain Report
Parking & Directions
About the Area
Mountain Creek Insider
Lost & Found
Contact
Community
Activities & Events
Event Calendar
Sno-Go Bikes
Golf at Great Gorge
Oktoberfest
Treescape Ropes Course
Zip Tours
Mountain Coaster
More Activities
Ski & Board
Overview
Tickets & Passes
COVID-19
Mountain Report
Terrain Park
Lessons
Rentals & Shop
Safety & Patrol
Snow Tubing
Snow Tubing
Tickets & Pricing
Bike Park
Overview
Tickets & Passes
Mountain & Trails
Thursday Night Race League
Rentals & Shop
Beginner Guide
Camps & Coaching
Lodging & Dining
Overview
The Appalachian
Lodging Amenities
Lodging Packages
Resort Dining
Waterpark
Overview
Groups & Weddings
Groups
Weddings
Corporate
Social Functions
Buy Now & Save
973-827-2000
info@mountaincreek.com
COVID-19 Updates & Policies For Winter 2020/2021
Learn More
Mountain Creek Privacy Policy
Effective Date of Policy:  July 1, 2018
Introduction.
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) exists to inform users of the Mountain Creek website and the Mountain Creek mobile application about the way that Mountain Creek Resort, Inc. (the “Company” or “Mountain Creek”) collects, uses, and shares personal information.  Please read the following information carefully and take it into consideration when deciding whether to share your personal data with us.
What is Personal Data?
For the Company’s purposes, personal information may include your name, title, company or organization, home and/or business address, email, phone numbers, and credit card information.  In addition, “personal data” is defined in the General Data Protection Regulation 2017 and any successor legislation.
Purposes for Collection of Personal Information.
Mountain Creek will identify the purpose for which personal information is collected at or before the time the information is collected or, when appropriate, at or before the time the personal information is used for a new purpose.
We will collect your personal information to establish and maintain a responsible relationship with customers; to understand needs and preferences of individuals; to develop, enhance, market and/or provide products and services; to manage and develop Mountain Creek's business and operations including transfer of data among affiliated entities; and to meet legal and regulatory requirements.
Collection of Personal Information.
Personal information that we may collect includes your name, title, company or organization, home and/or business address, email, phone numbers and credit card information, or other personal data as defined above.Personal information excludes certain information such as publicly available information.  This website may collect certain information about your site visit including the name of the internet service provider and the Internet Protocol (IP) address through which you accessed the internet; the date and time you accessed our website; the pages that you accessed while on our site; and the internet address of the website from which you linked to our website. Federal COPPA (Children's Privacy Protection Act) regulations prohibit solicitation by email of any youth 13 years old and younger and requires any subscriber to email newsletters and/or mailing lists to be at least 14 years of age.
Consent.
Consent is defined as voluntary agreement with the collection, use and disclosure of personal information for defined purposes. Consent must be express and can be provided directly by the individual or by an authorized representative.  Express consent can be given orally, electronically or in writing.
In obtaining consent, Mountain Creek shall use reasonable efforts to ensure that an individual is advised of the purposes for which personal information will be used or disclosed. Purposes shall be stated in a manner that can be reasonably understood by the individual. Mountain Creek will seek consent to use and disclose personal information at the same time it collects the information.  Mountain Creek will require individuals to consent to the collection, use or disclosure of personal information as a condition of the supply of a product or service only if such collection, use or disclosure is reasonably required to fulfill the identified purposes.
Disclosure of Personal Information.
Only Mountain Creek employees with a business need to know, or whose duties reasonably so require, are granted access to personal information about individuals. Mountain Creek may disclose an individual's personal information to a person who in the reasonable judgment of Mountain Creek is seeking the information as an agent of the individual; a company or individual employed by Mountain Creek to perform functions on its behalf, such as but not limited to research or data processing; another company or individual for the development, enhancement, marketing or provision of any of Mountain Creek's products and services; an agent used by Mountain Creek to collect the individual's account; a public authority or agent of a public authority, if in the reasonable judgment of Mountain Creek it appears that there is imminent danger to life or property which could be avoided or minimized by disclosure of the information; another entity as part of a merger, a sale of assets or all or part of a business, or any other corporate change or re-organization; a third party or parties, where the individual consents to such disclosure or disclosure is required or permitted by law.
Use of Personal Information.
Mountain Creek is responsible for personal information in its possession or under its control.  Mountain Creek shall take appropriate and reasonable steps to protect personal information against such risks as loss or theft, unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use, modification or destruction.  Any and all personal information collected will be used only by Mountain Creek and its affiliated entities.  Except as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy statement, personal information collected by any means will not be shared outside of Mountain Creek and its affiliated entities without your consent.  Mountain Creek shall use appropriate means to protect personal information while information is being processed by a third party on behalf of Mountain Creek.
Your Rights.
You have the right to “opt-out” of our collection of personal data at any time.  Should you desire to so, please contact us at yourprivacy@mountaincreek.com to ensure that we do not continue to collect and store your personal information.
You also have the right to access your personal information.  Should you wish to access your personal data which we have stored, please contact us at the provided contact information and we will respond to your request within seven (7) business days.
You have the right to be forgotten within Mountain Creek’s personal information storage system.  If you request to be forgotten, the Company will erase all of your personal data which it currently has.  Moving forward, you will need to expressly consent to the collection of information again if you wish to do so in the future.  Please note that if you request to be forgotten, your personal needs and preferences will disappear from Mountain Creek’s records in the future, and the website will not be tailored to best suit your needs.  Should you wish to be “forgotten”, please contact us at the provided contact information and we will respond to your request within fourteen (14) business days.
Breach of Data Storage.
While Mountain Creek shall do everything in its power to protect your data, there is a chance that a breach may occur. Mountain Creek’s policy for any data breach is as follows: 1.) We shall determine the time of breach, what data was breached and the severity of the data breach; 2.)We shall call an emergency meeting including the Data Protection Officer and other relevant departments to discuss the necessary course of action; 3.) We shall determine how the data was compromised and take any and all necessary steps to correct; We shall discuss the breach and the corrective steps taken directly with any third parties and any individuals, as needed.
Subject to Change.
This policy is subject to change and may be supplemented or modified by additional terms applicable between Mountain Creek and an individual. We shall notify you if any changes are made.
Contact For Inquiries.
Mountain Creek welcomes your comments regarding this privacy statement and provides procedures for addressing inquires or challenges from individuals regarding Mountain Creek's handling of personal information. You may withdraw your consent for use of personal information at any time, subject to legal or contractual restrictions and reasonable notice.  If you have questions or concerns about our privacy policy or practices, please contact us.
By email: yourprivacy@mountaincreek.com
By phone: (973)-827-2000
By mail: Privacy Office/Guest Services, Mountain Creek, 200 Route 94, Vernon, NJ 07462