http://www.shouyuliang.com/terms-of-use
Terms of Use
Agreement
SYLWUSHU.COM is an Internet-based on-line information and communication service provided by the Shou-Yu Liang Wushu Taiji Qigong Institute (referred to in this agreement as “we”, “us” or “our”). By accessing or using our Web site, you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions. We may revise and update these terms and conditions at any time. Your continued use of our Web site means that you accept these revisions and updates.
Use of Information
This site is owned and operated by the Shou-Yu Liang Wushu Taiji Qigong Institute (referred to as, “we”, “us”, or “our” herein). No material from the site may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posed, transmitted, or distributed in any way, except that you may download one copy of the materials on any single computer for your non-commercial use only, provided that you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices. Modification of the materials or use of the materials for any other purpose is a violation of our copyright and other proprietary rights. The use of any such material on any other Web site or networked computer environment is prohibited. Except as otherwise indicated on this site and except for the trademarks, service marks and trade names of other companies that are displayed on this site, all trademarks, service marks and trade names are property of the Shou-Yu Liang Wushu Taiji Qigong Institute.
In the event that you download any files from the site, the files, including any images and content incorporated in files, and data accompanying the files (collectively, the “Files”) are non-exclusively licensed to you by us. We do not transfer title to the Files to you. We retain full and complete title to the Files, and all intellectual property rights therein. You may not redistribute, sell, decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, or otherwise reduce the Files to a human-perceivable form.
We authorize you to view and use our Web site in accordance with these terms and conditions. You may download and/or print a copy of the information on our Web site for your personal, non-commercial use only. We do not authorize you to reprint or electronically reproduce any information contained on our Web site in whole or in part for any other purpose. Should you wish to do so, you must obtain the prior written consent of the copyright holder(s). You may contact us with your request and to find out who is the copyright holder of the information you wish to reproduce at the address shown at the end of these terms and conditions.
The information contained on our Web site is protected by copyright. Some or all of the information accessed through our Web site is also protected by copyright. Title to the information contained on or accessible through our Web site remains with us, our licensors and others. Any use, including misuse, by you of our Web site or information accessible through our Web site is a breach of these terms and conditions, may violate copyright, trademark and other laws and may infringe on the rights of third parties.
We reserve the right to amend, discontinue and otherwise change our Web site, the information contained in our Web site and our links to other Web sites in our sole discretion and without notice to you.
DISCLAIMER
THE SHOU-YU LIANG WUSHU TAIJI QIGONG INSTITUTE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OR INJURY RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO, OR INABILITY TO ACCESS, THIS SITE, OR YOUR RELIANCE ON ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED AT THIS SITE. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, EVERYTHING ON THE SITE IS PROVIDED TO YOU “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTEE OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. WE DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THE MATERIALS WILL BE CORRECT OR ERROR-FREE, THAT ERRORS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THIS SITE OR THE SERVER THAT MAKES IT AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. WE DO NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE OR THE RESULTS OF THE USE OF THE MATERIALS IN THIS SITE IN TERMS OF THEIR CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE. YOU (AND NOT US) ASSUME THE ENTIRE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR, OR CORRECTION. APPLICABLE LAW MAY NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
No Duty to Update Information
Information appearing on or accessible through our Web site speaks only as of the date it was prepared. This information may be incomplete or may have become out of date. We make no commitment and we disclaim any duty to update this information or to require any third party to update information which is accessible through our Web site.
Advertisements and Links to Other Sites
This Web site contains links to information which has not been prepared by us. These links are provided for your convenience only. We do not operate these third party Web sites and we do not control, nor are we responsible for, the content, products offered therein or performance of the Web sites or your use of and transactions with them. Any views or opinions contained on or expressed in these Web sites are those of the author(s) alone, and do not reflect our views, opinions, or those of our management. Our inclusion of links to these Web sites does not imply that we endorse the site, author or products, nor concur with any of the information, materials, views, opinions, conclusions or recommendations contained on these third party Web sites.
Privacy
We respect your personal privacy. We will never share any of your personally identifying information (such as your name, street address, etc.) with any third party. However, we may use aggregate information we obtain about the users of our Web site to help monitor site usage and user traffic patterns and for editorial purposes to help us develop and design products and services which will appeal to our users. For more information, see our Privacy Statement.
Liability
The martial arts (including but not limited to wushu, kung fu, tai chi, and qigong) exercises, techniques, and methods taught on the Site may be too mentally and physically demanding for some people. Readers should use their own discretion and consult their doctor before engaging in these training approaches. The authors, publishers, and web publishers shall have neither liability nor responsibility to any person or entity with respect to any loss or damage caused, or alleged to be caused, directly or indirectly by reading or following the instructions on the Site.
This information is provided to you on an “as is” basis; we do not warrant that it is accurate, complete, current or reliable. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we disclaim all warranties, either express or implied, statutory or otherwise, including, but not limited to, all implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for particular purpose and non-infringement of third parties’ rights. In no event shall we be liable for any damages (including, but not limited to, direct, indirect, special, incidental, consequential or punitive damages, personal injury/wrongful death, lost profits, or damages resulting from lost data or business interruption) arising from the use of or inability to use this information, whether based on warranty, tort, contract or any other legal theory, and regardless of whether we are advised of the possibility of such damages.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold us, our directors, officers, employees agents, licensors and suppliers, harmless from and against any claims, actions, demands, liabilities and settlement, including, but not limited to, reasonable legal and accounting fees, resulting from, or alleged to result from, your violation of these terms and conditions.
Miscellaneous
Governing Law: These terms and conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Province of British Columbia, Canada, without regard to conflict-of-laws principles.Severability: The provisions are severable. If any one of them is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, its invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions which shall remain in full force and effect.Waiver: No waiver of these terms and conditions shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of the term or condition or of any other term or condition.Entire Agreement: These terms and conditions constitute the entire agreement between you and us regarding your use of our Web site.Jurisdiction: By using our Web site you expressly agree that exclusive jurisdiction for any dispute with us or in any way relating to your use, including misuse, of our Web site, resides in the federal and state courts located in Vancouver, British Columbia. You also expressly consent to the exercise of personal jurisdiction in those courts in connection with any dispute relating to your use, including misuse, of our Web site.