http://www.welshathletics.org/en/page/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Competitions
Get Involved
News
Personal Homepage
You are in:
Home
> Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy
We at Welsh Athletics want to make sure all the personal information we have collected about you, is safe and secure whether we collect it through our websites or from other sources. We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy and complying with the principles of applicable data protection laws in all that we do.
Our privacy policy set outs our commitments to you, in compliance with and beyond the Data Protection Act and explains how we collect, store and use your personal information.
We also provide more detailed and specific privacy notices when we ask you for personal information and these notices are also available below.
We use 'cookies' on our website, tiny data files stored on your devices to help improve your experience when visiting our websites.
Website Copyright
Material at www.welshathletics.org and www.irun.wales is covered by copyright. Copyright for images is held by the photographer/ and or Welsh Athletics. Consent should be sought before materials, including any images, are reproduced, unless otherwise stated, please contact us if you wish to reproduce materials from any of our websites.
Privacy Notices & Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
To download our Data Protection Policy, please click here
PRIVACY NOTICES
Please click the word PDF beside each category below to view and download the relevant privacy notice
PDF - Visitors and individuals not covered by a specific notice
PDF - Welsh Athletics members incl. athletes, officials & supporters
PDF - Volunteers who have signed up to work with us (non members)
PDF - Employees, workers, directors and consultants
Cookies
Our use of Cookies
Certain parts of our Sites may use "cookies" to keep track of your visit and to help you navigate between sections. A cookie is a small data file that certain websites store on your computer's hard-drive when you visit such websites. Cookies can contain information such as your user ID and the pages you have visited. The only personal information a cookie contains is information that you have personally supplied.
We may use cookies on our Site to enable us to deliver content that is specific to your interests and gives us an idea of which parts of the Site you are visiting and to recognise you when you return to the Site. Reading cookies does not give us access to other information on your computer's hard-drive and our Site will not read cookies created by other websites that you have visited.
You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of cookies. If, however, you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the Site. Unless you have adjusted your browser settings so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you access the Site.
Please note providers of third party content may also use cookies over which we have no control. For detailed information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them see the section on Cookies within our 'Privacy & Cookies Policy' document.
Featured links
Useful pages within this section you may like to condsider visiting.
Current Competitions
Become a Volunteer
Results
Unsupported Browser
Sorry, your web browser is not capable of supporting the features required by this website. We advise you upgrade your web browser before continuing to use this website.
The following web browsers are supported by this website:
Apple web kit UI:
Version 537 or later
Microsoft Internet Explorer:
Version 10 or later
Microsoft Edge:
Any version
Google Chrome:
Version 62 or later
Mozilla Firefox:
Version 55 or later
Apple Safari:
Version 601 or later
Opera:
Version 50 or later
Facebook App:
Any version
Twitter App:
Any version
Please contact your system administrator if you require assistance upgrading or changing your web browser. We will not notify you again about this until you next restart your browser.
Close
Top
Alert
OK
Cancel
Modal Title
OK
Cancel