http://www.beachcomberssoftball.com/privacy-policy/
The Brighton Beachcombers Softball Club
Skip to content
Home
News
Calendar
Fields
Contact
Club
Shop
Resources
Archive
Privacy policy
Introduction and acceptance of Privacy Policy
Use of the official website of the Brighton Beachcombers Softball Club (referred to here as “Beachcombers”) is subject to this Privacy Policy. By using our Website, you consent to our Privacy Policy as follows.
What information do we collect?
You may visit and use our Website without providing personal information about yourself or having to log into an account. To register as a club member or participate in club events, you will be required to provide some information about yourself.
We collect information when you:
Register as a club member
Subscribe to our email newsletters
Sign up to participate in club events
Respond to an online survey
The personal information we collect may include, but is not limited to:
Name
Age
Gender identity
Email address
Telephone number
Mailing address
What do we use your information for?
The information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To keep a record of Beachcombers club membership.
To keep a record of participants in Beachcombers events.
To keep a record of accidents and incidents that occur in the sport in line with the requirements of the insurance policy of the British Softball Federation.
To send newsletters and news flashes to subscribers. You can unsubscribe from our mailing lists at any time by using the ‘Unsubscribe’ link on the newsletter or contacting us directly.
Where will your personally-identifiable information appear publicly?
We limit the amount of personal information about you that appears on the Website to other users.
We may reference your full name if you are featured in news articles, game reports, etc, that we post on the Website and in update newsletters emailed to subscribers of the mailing list. If you would prefer your full name not to be published in these communications, please contact us to request this.
Where will your image be used?
Where adults are participating in a Beachcombers event their image may appear in photographs of the event that we include in news articles on the Website and social media promoting the event. It is often the case that individuals are not identified in these photographs, although sometimes they will be when it is relevant to the article. If you wish your image to be removed, you may request this.
Engaging with the Beachcombers on social media
The Beachcombers use certain third-party social media channels such as Facebook and Twitter to promote our club. You can opt to engage with the Beachcombers via these social media channels and to enter into communication with us and other users via those means. The level of engagement is up to you and may take different forms, e.g. becoming a ‘follower’ of our social media channel, posting or replying to a comment on one of our social media posts, posting an image to one of our social media channels, etc.
By doing so, your social media profile and content/communication you have chosen to post will be linked to the Beachcombers’ social media channel and viewable by others. The exact degree to which this occurs varies depending on the particular social media channel. Both the Beachcombers’ and your use of each social media channel is subject to the privacy policy and terms and conditions of the third party. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of third-party websites or products, and we encourage you to read the privacy policies of every website and product that collects personally identifiable information from you.
Do we disclose any information to third parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to third parties your personally identifiable information.
We may use dedicated third-party sites to help us administer certain functions such as surveys and registration forms. Some examples include but are not limited to:
Google Forms – online forms
MailChimp – sending email newsletters to our mailing list
Notwithstanding any term to the contrary in this Privacy Policy, we reserve the right to use, disclose or share your personal and non-personal information in order to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, as required by law.
Our Website may contain links to other websites and products operated by unrelated third parties, including advertisements. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of third-party websites or products, and we encourage you to read the privacy policies of every website and product that collects personally identifiable information from you. This Privacy Policy applies only to our club and Website.
Managing your information
You can unsubscribe from receiving email newsletters from us at any time by clicking the ‘Unsubscribe’ link on the email or contacting us directly.
If you wish to access, update, or delete any other information that you have provided to us, please contact the Beachcombers. Please be aware that as we require certain information from you (as outlined in this Privacy Policy) to enable your participation in our club, a request from you to delete that information might mean that you can no longer participate. We reserve the right to retain certain information necessary for accurate record keeping and ongoing operation of our club, or where we have a lawful reason to store and process the information. In such cases we will aim to keep this to a minimum.
Retention period
The length of time that we will retain your data on our Website or in our online survey / form accounts or software (see the section on third party sites) varies depending on what it is used for.
If you sign up to our mailing list, you will remain on it until either you unsubscribe, or we no longer use the mailing list and delete it.
Where you have filled in an online form or survey, we will delete the collected information from the software once we no longer require it for the purposes it was provided. In some cases, we may need to keep certain parts of it for accurate record-keeping and ongoing operation of our club.
Reporting a concern
If you have a concern about how your information has been handled by us, please contact us. If you still have a concern after that, you can raise it via the Information Commissioner’s Office.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy or are obliged to under the law, we will post those changes on this page. If there are material changes to the Privacy Policy or how the Beachcombers will use your personal information, such changes will be published prior to implementing the changes. The Beachcombers will use reasonable means to notify users prior to implementing the changes. This will include emailing current subscribers to the Beachcombers mailing list and publishing notification of significant changes on the Website. Your use of this Website and participation in club activities after such changes are posted will mean that you accept them.
Comments are closed.
Latest Updates
Last softball session of 2020!
Softball tomorrow evening! AGM date announced!
Only THREE sessions left this season! Play ball TOMORROW!
Softball tomorrow evening!
Softball this Wednesday!
Search The Site
Search for:
Coming Up Tweets by @BNbeachcombers
The Brighton Beachcombers Softball Club
Proudly powered by WordPress.