http://www.shantycreek.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content
X Close search bar
Get Lodging Rates
Privacy Policy
Home » Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY. This Privacy Statement covers personal information, non-personal data collection, and aggregate reporting for the ShantyCreek.com website.
Collected Information
Personal information is information that is associated with your name or personal identity. Shanty Creek uses personal information to understand better your needs and interests and to provide you with better service. Once you choose to provide us with personal information, you can be assured it will be used only to support your customer relationship. We take seriously the trust you place in us. We will not sell, rent or lease your personal information to others. The types of personal information you provide to us on these pages may include name, address, phone number, email address, and/or contact preferences. To personalize our emails, services or communications, we may also ask you to provide us with information regarding your personal or professional interests, demographics, and experiences with our website or services. Providing this additional information is optional. Non-personal information is data about usage and service operation that is not associated with a specific personal identity.
Links To Third-Party Websites
Shanty Creek’s website may provide links to third-party websites for your convenience and information. If you access those links, you will leave the ShantyCreek.com website. Shanty Creek does not control those sites or their privacy practices, which may differ from Shanty Creek. We do not endorse or make any representations about third-party websites. The personal data you choose to give to unrelated third parties is not covered by Shanty Creek’s Privacy Statement. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of any company before submitting your personal information. Some third-party companies may choose to share their personal data with Shanty Creek; that sharing is governed by that third-party company’s privacy policy.
Children’s Privacy
Shanty Creek is committed to protecting the privacy needs of children and we encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children’s online activities and interests. Shanty Creek does not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13 nor target its website to children under 13.
How We Use Your Information
Shanty Creek uses your personal information to provide you with services and to help us better understand your needs and interests. Specifically, we use your information to provide brochures and information, to communicate with you, to update you on events and specials, to personalize promotional offers and to enhance Shanty Creek’s website.
Opting Out
Shanty Creek will not use your personal information for a different purpose than the one stated when you provided your data. To opt-out of receiving communications you have expressly requested (such as e-mail newsletters, promotions, etc.), please select the email “opt-out” or “unsubscribe” link included in each subscription communication
Keeping Your Information Secure
Shanty Creek is committed to protecting the information you provide us. To prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, to maintain data accuracy, and to ensure the appropriate use of the information, Shanty Creek has in place appropriate physical and managerial procedures to safeguard the information we collect.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, contact us at info@shantycreek.com.
Cookies
Your web browser offers so-called “cookies” which, if you allow their use, store small amounts of data on your computer when you visit a website. Cookies do not contain any Personal Information about you and therefore cannot be used to identify you personally. However, cookies assist us in tracking which of our features you like best. Therefore, cookies enable us to customize our content according to your preferences. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies by modifying your browser settings. Our Sites are viewable even if you disable the cookie function on your browser. However, if you disable cookies, some advanced and customized features will not be available to you.