http://www.canski.org/page/privacy-policy-security
Close
Team
AthletesAlpinePara-AlpineSki CrossCAST NextGen
Events/Results
EventsResultsVolunteerTV Schedule
News
About
OverviewAlumniPartnersStaff & BoardCareersMedia ContactContactCriteria & Publications
Community
MembersDevelopmentLTADOfficialsCoach EducationMasters
Safe Sport
Safe Sport
Donate
Donate NowWays to Give
Awards Alpine Points ACA Live Timing Shop
Privacy Policy & Security
Alpine Canada Alpin reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the revised Privacy Policy on alpinecanada.org.
WHAT IS PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Personal Information is information that refers to an individual specifically and is recorded in any form. Personal information includes such things as age, income, birth date, medical records, credit records.
COLLECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Alpine Canada does not automatically collect personal information such as your name, address, telephone number or email address when you visit this site. Such information will be collected by Alpine Canada if you provide it to us in order to:
-receive our newsletter
-enter a contest or promotion
-request information from us.
We do not require that any personal information be provided in order to view our website.
Alpine Canada collects only the personal information required to provide products and services to you.
If the personal information we require is collected for a reason other than to provide products and services, your consent will be requested at or before the time the information is collected. Examples of reasons we collect personal information include:
-to respond to your inquiries and send you requested information
-to provide products and services you request
-to allow you to participate in contests and promotions
-to protect against fraud and error
-to recommend products and services that Alpine Canada believes will be of interest to you
-to comply with legal and government regulations
RETENTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Alpine Canada does not sell or rent personal information to any organization or person for any reason. We do not share your personal information without your consent with any third party organizations except to offer you products or services we believe will be of interest to you.
Alpine Canada retains your personal information only as long as it is required for our business relationship or as required by federal or provincial laws.
You can change your consent preferences at any time or request access to the personal information we have on record in order to review and amend the information by contacting media@alpinecanada.org.
COOKIES
Like many organizations, Alpine Canada uses cookie technology on our site. A "cookie" is a unique identifier collected by the site to verify a returning visitor's identity, or to understand how visitors navigate the site. The use of cookies is standard on the Internet and many major websites use them (You can visit the Network Advertising Initiative if you want to find out more information about this practice). Most web browsers automatically accept cookies. You can usually change your browser to prevent or notify you whenever you are sent a cookie. This gives you the chance to decide whether or not to accept the cookie.
A cookie does not tell us who you are, your email address, or any other personal information. We use the information it provides to help us improve the site and our service, and to provide our visitors with a better website visit. We do not share information obtained through cookies with any third parties.
We have no control over the content of third party websites that individuals may access through hyperlinks at our website. We encourage everyone to read the privacy policy of every website they visit.
Even without accepting a cookie you can still access most of the features on the site. There may, however, be limitations on your use of some site functions.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
This site may contain links to websites of third parties. Alpine Canada is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
By using alpinecanada.org, you are consenting to the information collection and use described in this policy.
CONTACT
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, please contact media@alpinecanada.org.
Back to Homepage
Share
NEVER MISS AN UPDATE
Sign up for Alpine Canada news to get team updates, race results and be the first to hear about special events and offers.
Latest News Browse All
Long boards and fast turns coming in hot as the speed and ski cross teams prepare to race
14 hours ago
Calgary, Alta. (December 10, 2020) - As we get further into the season,...
Read More
Read and Philp overcome snow delay with another pair of top-20 finishes
4 days ago
Calgary AB, (December 7, 2020) – Team Canada kept the good times rolling...
Read More
Erik Read lays down the fastest second run of the day in Italy
6 days ago
Calgary AB, (December 5, 2020) – Through tough visibility, falling snow,...
Read More
READY TO RACE INTO THE DECEMBER SPIRIT
1 week ago
Calgary, Alta. (November 26, 2020) – As we turn the calendar...
Read More
© 2020 Alpine Canada — Site by They
NEVER MISS AN UPDATE
Sign up for Alpine Canada news to get team updates, race results and be the first to hear about special events and offers.
Email Address
Required
First Name
Required
Last Name
Required
Postal Code
Required
Preferred Language
English
French
Keep Me Informed
Yes
No
×
Search Our Site
×
Log In
Email
Password
Remember Me
Sign up for Club ACA
×