http://www.ryansheckler.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to www.ryansheckler.com and Ryan Sheckler Rips, LLC and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to Ryan Sheckler include www.ryansheckler.com and Ryan Sheckler Rips, LLC. The Ryan Sheckler website is a news and information site. By using the Ryan Sheckler website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.Collection of your Personal Information We do not collect any personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. However, you may be required to provide certain personal information to us when you elect to use certain products or services available on the Site. These may include: (a) registering for an account on our Site; (b) entering a sweepstakes or contest sponsored by us or one of our partners; (c) signing up for special offers from selected third parties; (d) sending us an email message; (e) submitting your credit card or other payment information when ordering and purchasing products and services on our Site. To wit, we will use your information for, but not limited to, communicating with you in relation to services and/or products you have requested from us. We also may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.Sharing Information with Third PartiesRyan Sheckler does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.Ryan Sheckler may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. Ryan Sheckler may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Ryan Sheckler, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information. Ryan Sheckler may disclose your personal information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Ryan Sheckler or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Ryan Sheckler; and/or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Ryan Sheckler, or the public.Automatically Collected InformationInformation about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by Ryan Sheckler. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Ryan Sheckler website. LinksThis website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.Children Under ThirteenRyan Sheckler does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.Changes to this StatementRyan Sheckler reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account, by placing a prominent notice on our site, and/or by updating any privacy information on this page. Your continued use of the Site and/or Services available through this Site after such modifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgment of the modified Privacy Policy; and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by that Policy.Contact InformationRyan Sheckler welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Ryan Sheckler has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Ryan Sheckler at:Ryan Sheckler Rips, LLC  1011 Calle Amanecer  San Clemente, California 92673Email Address: info@ryansheckler.com  Telephone number:  949-542-3077Effective as of January 28, 2020
top