https://www.seattimeracingschool.com/terms-and-conditions/
Skip to content
Terms and ConditionsBelow are Seat Time American Racing School’s Terms and Conditions. If you still have any unanswered questions after reading our terms, please contact us at (704)998-1957.This agreement is in effect as of December 21, 2014.Age Requirement and Other ConsiderationsAge requirements for STUDENT DRIVERS:  Must have a valid Operator (not restricted/not learner’s permit) Driver’s License and be 16 years or older and with a Parental and Minor Permission Waiver signed on site/track date if younger than 18 years of age.Age requirements for RIDE ALONGS:  Regular Hot Lap Ride Along -16 to 18 years of age and with a Parental and Minor Permission Waiver signed on site/track date. Parents must accompany the minor.Age Requirements for Jr RIDE ALONGS:  Jr Hot Lap Ride Along – 14 to 15 years of age and with a Parental and Minor Permission Waiver signed on site/track date. Parents must accompany the minor.Our race cars have a 4 speed manual transmissions, it is helpful to know how to drive a manual transmission, but it is not mandatory. We will give you a quick lesson. If you are still unable to shift properly you will be driven around the track by an instructor for the number of laps you purchased with your package. No refund will be given.You must be able to enter the race car through a window approximately 16” by 30” wide, we will assist you if you need help. You must be able to fit into one of our fire suits. We have sizes from small to XXX Large available. If you think this might be a concern, please contact us prior to your event date.ReservationsReservations are suggested, but walk-ins are welcome for our Racing Schools. Space is limited and is filled on a first come first save basis. Please call Seat Time American Racing School at (704)998-1957 or go to our website www.seattimeracingschool.com and book a package for a specific track and date.If you purchased a gift certificate, voucher, or package without a track date, please call (704)998-1957 to make your reservation. You should call as soon as possible once you decide on a track and date. All unused packages, vouchers, or gift certificates are cancelled after the expiration date. Gift certificates, vouchers, and purchased ride or drive packages are not redeemable for cash.You may transfer ownership of a gift certificate, voucher, or purchased package with the written consent of the original owner.Cancellations and Re-SchedulingPlease call us a soon as you can if you have to cancel a reservation. You may cancel up to 48 hours prior to the event date without incurring a fee. You have 12 months from the day of the purchase to re-schedule for any track and date that we offer.Cancellation Due to WeatherSeat Time Racing School will be at the track regardless of the weather.  The track officials will make the decision based on the severity of the weather.  An event may be cancelled or postponed due to weather conditions that are out of our control.  Because some of our students join us from many parts of the country and some from outside of the United States, we make every effort to make an event happen.  In case of a cancellation due to weather you can re-schedule within one (1) year from the date of the cancelled event.Seat Time American Racing School is not responsible for any travel or lodging expenses incurred by the customer for any cancelled event.Proof of Identity and PurchaseWhen you sign in at the event you will need to have a valid Driver’s License and proof of purchase. Proof of Purchase should be a credit card receipt, paid invoice, voucher, or a gift certificate. You also need to bring with you the completed “Student Information Packet” if it was not returned to us prior to the event.Vehicle DamageStudents are responsible for damages to the race car or cars if the student was negligent, or reckless in his or her actions. Unwilling to follow instructions and commands by race school staff will put the student at fault. These incidents are very rare, thanks to the quality of our instructors and our cars. All Participants are responsible for their own health insurance.Refund PolicyYour purchase is transferable, assignable, and sell-able. All sales and purchases are non-refundable. At our discretion we may make exceptions under certain circumstances.Photos, Videos and VoiceWhen you participate in any of Seat Time American Racing School event, you assign us, and our agents, the rights to the use of your name, likeness, voice or photographs taken at Seat Time American Racing School, including, but not limited to film productions, videotape reproductions, marketing purposes, and the like, and you hereby relinquish all rights therefore for these purposes.We reserve the right to change this User Agreement from time to time without notice. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this User Agreement periodically to familiarize yourself with any modifications. You can find this information on our website at www.seattimeracingschool.comAll information provided as part of our registration process is covered by our privacy policy. (https://seattimeracingschool.com/privacy-policy/) CONTACT INFORMATIONIf you have any questions or comments about these our Terms and Conditions as outlined above, you can contact us at:Seat Time American Racing School, 10222 Newell Hickory Grove Road, Charlotte, NC 28213,(704)998-1957