http://www.landrys.com/about/privacy-policy-pg146.htm
Skip to main content
Get info on service dropoffs, web orders, pre-orders, and more
LOCAL
HOMEGROWN
EMPLOYEE-OWNED
GETTING MORE PEOPLE ON BIKES
SINCE 1922
Menu
x
Cart
Cart
Account
Account
Stores
Stores
SHOP
Bikes
Bikes
Road
Cyclocross
Commuter/Urban
Electric
Hybrid + Comfort
Mountain Bikes
Children's
BMX
Scooters
New Bike Must-Haves
New Bike Must-Haves
Hybrid Experience
Road Experience
Mountain Experience
Parts
Parts
Bar Ends
BMX
Bottom Brackets
Brakes/Levers/Pads
Cables
Cassettes/Freewheels
Chainrings
Chains
Cranksets
Derailleurs
Forks
Groups
Handlebar Grips/Tape
Handlebars
Headsets
Pedals
Saddles
Seatposts
Shift/Brake Combinations
Shifters
Shocks
Stems
Other
Wheels
Wheels
Parts & Accessories
Wheels
Hubs
Rims
Spokes
Tires/Tubes
Tires/Tubes
Parts & Accessories
Tires
Accessories
Accessories
Electric/Gas Motor Kits
Body Care
Children's-Bike Accessories
Child Seats
Electronics
Eyewear
Fenders
Hydration
Indoor Cycling
Lighting
Locks/Security
Nutrition
Packs/Racks/Baskets
Pumps/Inflation
Safety
Storage
Tools/Maintenance
Trailers/Strollers
Travel Cases
Other
Clothing
Clothing
Accessories
Gloves
Jerseys/Tops (Short Sleeve)
Outerwear
Protective/Armor
Running
Jerseys/Tops (Long Sleeve)
Shirts/Tops (Casual)
Shorts/Bottoms
Shorts/Bottoms (Casual)
Socks
Triathlon
Undergarments
Helmets
Helmets
Parts & Accessories
Adults
Kids
Shoes
Shoes
Casual Shoes
Parts & Accessories
Cycling Shoes
Car Racks
Car Racks
Parts & Accessories
Hitch-Mount
Pickup/RV/Spare-Tire Mount
Roof-Mount
Trunk-Mount
Landry's Gift Cards
Landry's Gift Cards
STORES
Store Locator
Boston
Braintree
Natick
Newton
Norwood
Westboro
Worcester
FITTING
Landry's Fitting Services
Fitting Testimonials
Schedule Your Fit
SERVICES
SPECIAL OFFER — Landry's Tune-Up Coupon
Bike Repair + Maintenance
Bike Packing - Ship Your Bike
Workplace/Campus Service Programs
Bike Repair Classes + Tutorials
Indoor Cycling Classes
Bicycling Skills Classes
Bike Rentals
Triathlon Wetsuit Rentals
Custom Bikes at Landry's
RESOURCES
Essential Cycling Gear
Landry's Tech Tips
Taking Care of Your Bike at Home
Everyday Biking Tips
Promote Bicycling at Your Workplace
Local Bike Clubs
Places to Ride
Bicycle Touring
Trek Travel — Cycling Vacations
Benefits of Bike Commuting
Triathlete Tips
Rules of the Road
Building Better Bicycling
COMMUNITY
Who We Are
Landry's History
Join Our Club
Landry's Group Rides
Landry's Videos
Landry's Triathlon Club
Minuteman Road Club
Sponsored Teams
Club + Team Support
Pan-Mass Challenge
Hub On Wheels
Boston Bikes at Landry's
People for Bikes
EVENTS
DEALS
Bike Deals
Bike Deals
Clothing Deals
Clothing Deals
Parts & Accessory Deals
Parts & Accessory Deals
Used Bikes
Used Bikes
PRIVACY POLICY
We respect the privacy of our in-store customers and website visitors, and we want you to feel comfortable exchanging information with us.LANDRYS.COM is the website of Landry's Bicycles, a Top 100 nationally rated bicycle dealer, with stores located in Massachusetts. Our information policy is listed below. Please contact us if you have any questions or concerns about your privacy related to Landry's website or stores.
Privacy on LANDRYS.COMWhen you visit our site, we do not collect your name, e-mail address, or any other personal information unless you voluntarily provide it to us. We may set "cookies" to facilitate site navigation and to personalize your experience on our site. We do not partner with or have special relationships with any advertising-server companies.The information we collect is used to improve the content of our website and to notify customers about Landry's news and current events. This electronic information is never shared with other organizations.To receive occasional e-mail updates from Landry's Bicycles, you can subscribe to Landry's E-News service. You can easily unsubscribe at any time.You can verify, update, or correct any information that we maintain about you by contacting us by e-mail, telephone, or writing (see above for addresses and phone numbers).
Information security Landry's Bicycles has appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of information that we have collected from you – either from our website or in any of our stores.This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. All information sent to this site is protected by SSL session (https), the industry standard in protecting against disclosure to third parties.
Links to other sitesOccasionally we provide links to other websites we think you will enjoy. (Note that all external links on LANDRYS.COM open in a new browser window.) These other sites operate independently of Landry's Bicycles and have established their own privacy policies. For the best online experience, we suggest that you review these policies at any site you visit. These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk.
Customer databaseLandry's Bicycles maintains a customer database that facilitates consumer transactions in our stores. As a Landry's customer, when you purchase a bicycle from us, bring in your bicycle for service or repairs, or place a special order with us, we will record your name, address, phone number(s), and (optionally) your e-mail address – so that we can contact you about your purchase or your order, as necessary.We will contact you directly in regard to a specific transaction, order, or request that you have placed with any of our stores. You may also receive occasional e-mail updates from us on special offers, store happenings, new products, local cycling events, and other news of interest to our customers. You can easily unsubscribe at any time, and you can also contact us to stop e-mail updates.If you supply us with your postal address, you may receive occasional mailings from us with information on new products, services, or upcoming events. We also occasionally make our customer postal mailing list available to other reputable organizations whose services we think you might find interesting (usually non-profit organizations related to local bicycling events). If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know and we will be sure to remove your name from our mailing list (see contact information above).We never share e-mail addresses with other organizations.You can verify, update, or correct any information that we maintain about you by contacting us by e-mail, telephone, or writing (see above for addresses and phone numbers).
Collection and use of personal/non-personal dataWe reserve the right to log and analyze information gathered from a user’s visit to this website. This information includes personal (name, email address) and non-personal (browsing patterns, number of site logins) data as outlined below.Personal data collection and usePersonal data is collected when users provide information to us. As an example, a user may request to be added to our email communications. Additionally, when a user creates a new online account on this site, personal data, including, but not limited to, name, email address, and phone number are captured. We use this information in a number of ways as part of normal business communications. Personal data may also be used to communicate marketing or promotional information that we feel may be of interest to you. As a user, you have the option to unsubscribe from marketing or promotional email communications at any time.Non-personal data collection and useNon-personal data collected include your web usage patterns when you interact with this website. We use tracking technologies to capture data that is intended to better understand how users interact with our website, measure the success of marketing campaigns, and to ensure that the user experience is optimized.Tracking technologiesThis website uses technologies like cookies, tags, scripts, and logs to capture details specific to your browsing patterns when you visit our website pages. We use third-party analytics packages to make sense of this data and understand how users interact with our site. None of the information collected is personally identifiable.Analytics softwareWe use various analytics software which all operate similarly. These applications are technology services that help us better understand your experiences on this website (e.g., how much time you spend on which pages, which links you choose to click, what you do and don’t like, etc.) and this enables us to build and maintain our service with user feedback. These services use cookies and other technologies to collect data on your behavior and your devices; in particular device IP address (captured and stored only in anonymized form), device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), preferred language used to display our website. They store this information in a pseudonymized user profile. Neither they nor we will ever use this information to identify individual users or to match it with further data on an individual user.Disclosure of user data to third partiesWe do not share non-personal data, as described above, with third parties.
Updates to our information practicesFrom time to time, Landry's Bicycles may make changes to our information practices or enhance the functionality of our website at LANDRYS.COM. We will update this statement accordingly, and we encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on Landry's privacy practices.Thank you for visiting us online. As always, we appreciate the opportunity to serve you.