https://www.golfdigest.com/story/california-privacy-notice
California Privacy Notice
Share this story:
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
This Privacy Notice for California residents supplements the Golf Digest Privacy and Cookie Notice. This Notice applies to website visitors, app users, and customers in California. This Notice gives California residents additional information about our information collection and use practices required by the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”), and also provides California residents with specific privacy rights. A. Information About the Personal Information we Collect This following chart provides information about the categories of personal information that we collect, the purposes for which we use the information, the sources of the information, and the categories of third parties to whom we disclose the information for business purposes.
A. California Information & Deletion Rights If you are a California resident, the CCPA allows you to make certain requests about your personal information. Specifically, the CCPA allows you to request us to: • Inform you about the categories of personal information we collect or disclose about you; the categories of sources of such information, the business or commercial purpose for collecting your personal information, and the categories of third parties with whom we share/disclose personal information; • Provide access to and/or a copy of certain personal information we hold about you; • Delete certain personal information we have about you; and • Provide you with information about the financial incentives that we offer to you, if any. Please note that certain information may be exempt from such requests under California law. For example, we need certain information in order to provide the Services to you.Verification: We will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before responding to a request, which may include, at a minimum, depending on the sensitivity of the information you are requesting and the type of request you are making, verifying your name, e-mail address, and physical address.You are also permitted to designate an authorized agent to submit certain requests on your behalf. In order for an authorized agent to be verified, you must provide the authorized agent with signed, written permission to make such requests or a power of attorney. We may also follow up with you to verify your identity before processing the authorized agent’s request. If you would like further information regarding your legal rights under California law or would like to exercise any of them, please submit your request using the following intake form:
California Information & Deletion Requests If you prefer, you may contact us at the following toll-free phone number to make your request: +1-866-324-3637.
B. Notice of Right to Opt-Out of Sale of Personal Information
California residents may opt out of the “sale” of their personal information. Under the CCPA, “sale” is broadly defined to mean the sharing of personal information with third parties who are not acting as our service providers or who are otherwise not restricted from using data only on our behalf or pursuant to an applicable CCPA exception.
In some circumstances, we may share certain of your information with third parties to provide you with offers, promotions, and opportunities that may be of interest to you, which may be considered a “sale” under the CCPA. Under the CCPA, “sale” may also include allowing third parties to “collect” certain information, such as IP address, and/or browsing behavior, through cookies and similar technologies, to deliver targeted advertising on the Services or other services. Advertising, including targeted advertising, enables us to provide you certain content for free and allows us to provide you offers relevant to you.
If you would like to opt out of our use of your information for such purposes that are considered a “sale” under California law, you may do so as outlined on the following page: Do Not Sell My Personal Information. Please note that we do not knowingly sell the personal information of minors under 16 years of age without legally-required affirmative authorization.
The CCPA further provides you with the right to not be discriminated against (as provided for in applicable law) for exercising your access, deletion or sale opt out rights.
C. California “Shine the Light” Disclosure If a company shares “personal information” (as defined in California’s “Shine the Light” law, Civil Code § 1798.83) with third parties for their direct marketing purposes (e.g., to send offers and information that may be of interest to you), California law requires either providing a mechanism by which consumers can obtain more information about such sharing over the prior calendar year, or providing a mechanism by which consumers can opt out of such sharing. As discussed above, we provide an opt out for this sharing. If you are a California resident and would like to opt out of sharing pursuant to this law, please use the “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” link above.
Trending Now
Related