https://www.dooks.com/privacy/
Skip to content
Privacy PolicyDooks Admin2019-12-20T17:35:49+00:00
Privacy PolicyAt Dooks Golf Links we take your privacy seriously and we are committed to protecting it. We follow the procedures set out in this policy when using your information.
By using this website to give us your information you accept the terms of and consent to us using your information in accordance with this policy.
Who we are
Dooks Golf Links
Dooks, Glenbeigh, Co. Kerry.
Tel 066 9768205
Information
Dooks Golf Links will use the information we collect about you lawfully, to process your order and to provide you with the best possible service.
If you contact us with an enquiry we will collect personal information such as your name, contact details, phone number, e-mail address and address and only use them to respond to your enquiry. This information is never saved or used for any other purpose.
We will never collect sensitive information about you without your consent. If you wish to subscribe to our newsletter, we may contact you by email from time to time. You have the option to opt-out of these campaigns at any time. This contact information is managed and held by MailChimp.com.
Use of Information
The online webshop delivery information you provide will be held on a database in Ireland and may be accessed by our staff. We may use third party delivery services and your order contact details (but not your credit/debit card or financial details) shall be passed to those relevant third party suppliers for the purpose of delivery of your order.
Our Event Booking section will use PayPal to process your credit card. No credit card information is stored on our systems. You name, email and telephone number are kept until the event has passed and is then deleted. It is used only to confirm your place or advise of event changes etc.
We will not share your information with any third party for marketing purposes. We will respond to requests from you to update or delete your information if the need arises.
Use of Cookies
Unless you have indicated your objection when disclosing your information to us, our system will issue cookies to your computer when you log on to the Website. Cookies are small text files that are used to store small pieces of information. The cookies are stored on your device when the website is loaded on your browser. These cookies help us make the website function properly, make the website more secure, provide better user experience, and understand how the website performs and to analyze what works and where it needs improvement. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but if you prefer you may be able to modify your browser settings to decline all cookies, or to notify you each time a cookie is tendered and permit you to accept or decline cookies on an individual basis. If you choose to decline cookies, however, that may hinder the performance of the website. For specific details about how to configure your browser you should refer to its supplier or manufacturer.
Security
We employ SSL certified 128bit security measures as outlined by the software providers to protect your information from access by unauthorised persons and against unlawful processing, accidental loss, destruction and damage, however, transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure.
We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time. If we make any substantial changes in the way we use your Personal Information we will notify you by posting them on the Website.
All comments, queries and requests relating to our use of your information are welcomed and should be emailed to us at .
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsAcceptRead MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
These cookies do not store any personal information. There are currently no active necessary cookies on our website
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Go to Top