http://www.knoxvillecoliseum.com/privacy
Privacy - Knoxville Civic Auditorium and Coliseum
Privacy - Knoxville Civic Auditorium and Coliseum
MENU Search
Privacy Policy
Link to ASM Global’s Privacy Policy: PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL MY INFO
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
Share0Share0Share0Share0Share0
500 Howard Baker Jr. Avenue Knoxville, TN 37915
Tickets: 865-215-8999 | Administrative Office: 865-215-8900
An ASM-managed facility©2017 KNOXVILLE CIVIC AUDITORIUM AND COLISEUMTERMS & CONDITIONSPRIVACY POLICY
Type and Press “enter” to Search
AboutEventsVenuePromotersHockeyContactParkingMedia
X
Newsletter Signup
I give Knoxville Civic
Auditorium and Coliseum permission to contact me
with marketing information
X
X
Cars and Trucks
$10 per day
X
RV and Bus
Parking is $35 per day without hookups and $65 per day with water, sewer and 50-amp power source for up to four days. RV parking is limited to 18 spaces with full hookups, so reserve your spot early.
X
Season Passes
Season parking passes are available for all seven home games with four nights, Wednesday through Sunday, for $1,250. Full hookup spaces are sold out for the 2016 season. Season passes for spaces without hookups are still available for $550. Reserve your space at 865-215-8900.