https://www.christchurchmarathon.co.nz/terms-services
Terms Of Services
Welcome to the Christchurch Marathon website.
By accessing and/or using this website you are accepting and agreeing to abide by the following Terms of Service, including the Privacy Policy.
Terms of Service
Disclaimer
While the information, content, services, products, materials & security provided through this website are to the best of our knowledge correct, fit-for-purpose, lawful and free from error or computer virus, the Christchurch Marathon disclaims and excludes any and all liability for any claim, loss, demand or damages of any kind whatsoever (including for negligence) arising out of or in connection with the use of this website or the information, content or materials included on this website, or the internet generally.
Revisions of Terms of Use
The Christchurch Marathon reserves the right to update the Terms of Service without notice. Please review these Terms of Service when revisiting this website.
Continuity of Service
The Christchurch Marathon makes no warranty or representation, express or implied, as to continuity of service of this website. It reserves the right to suspend, terminate or otherwise alter access to some or all of the website services at any time and without notice.
Copyright
The content on this website is copyright of the Christchurch Marathon and may not be copied, re-produced, modified or distributed without written consent of the Christchurch Marathon.
Eligibility
By accessing or using this website, you represent and warrant that:
any registration and other information you submit is truthful and accurate;
you will maintain the accuracy of any information you provide;
you will not submit any personal information if you are under 16 years of age without your parent’s or legal guardian’s permission;
your access or use of the website does not violate any applicable law or regulation.
The Christchurch Marathon reserves the right to terminate or suspend your personal access to, and/or use of, the website or any portion thereof, at any time, with or without notice and for any reason.
Privacy
The Christchurch Marathon respects the privacy of your personal information. Click Here to read our Privacy Policy, as it forms part of the Terms of Service that you agree to by accessing and/or using this website.
Postings
The Christchurch Marathon website may provide you with the opportunity to have published, or to self-publish, text, images video, audio and/or data content generated by yourself. By submitting such content you are:
confirming that you own the content, or have the rights and permission to post the content;
automatically granting the Christchurch Marathon the rights to publish said content on the website;
solely responsible for the content that you post on or through the website, including the arrangement of any edits to correct and/or update content posted by or for you.
Any content posted to the Christchurch Marathon website must not:
interfere or disrupt the operation of the website, or any product or service provided by the Christchurch Marathon and its contractors;
defame, harasses, abuse, stalk, threaten, or infringe on the rights and privacy of others;
infringe on the copyright, intellectual property rights, trade secrets, or privacy of another;
violate other contractual rights, duties, or agreements;
encourage criminal conduct or give rise to civil liability or otherwise violates any law or regulation;
contain obscene or objectionable language or images that are typically considered socially or professionally inappropriate in-person;
contain information, statements or material that impersonate any other person or entity, whether fact or fiction;
contain information, statements or material that constitute unauthorized advertising or promotional materials;
contain malicious and/or corrupted electronic code, viruses, files, or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of the Christchurch Marathon website, or another’s computer, network, or personal devise.
The Christchurch Marathon does not monitor the website for inappropriate content.
The Christchurch Marathon may (but is not required to) remove any content at any time.
Links
This website may provide links or references to other third-party websites.
The Christchurch Marathon has no control over or responsibility for content on third-party websites, or any interactions or transactions that occur there, and will not be liable for any inconvenience, damages or injury arising from those websites.
The Terms of Service and Privacy Policy for the Christchurch Marathon website do not in any way represent those of any third-party websites, and the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy found on any third-party websites do not in any way represent those of the Christchurch Marathon website.
Linking, Crawling and Framing
The Christchurch Marathon website is made available for your personal, private, and non-commercial use only.
You must not use the website and/or its services for commercial purposes and agree not to share or transfer your account login information (if any) with any third-party. For avoidance of doubt, “commercial purposes” includes non-profit purposes.
You may link to the Christchurch Marathon website, but unless given written permission you must not:
incorporate the website information, content or coding in any database, compilation, archive, API or cache;
deep-link to the website for any purpose;
access the website manually or with any robot, spider, web crawler, extraction software, automated process or device to scrape, copy, or monitor any portion of the website.
Dispute Resolution
If you wish to inquire as to any part of these Terms of Service, or believe that these Terms of Service and its Privacy Policy have been violated, or believe that content within the website violates your own copyright, you must:
contact the Christchurch Marathon in writing within 30 days of discovering any violation;
provide us with up to 30 days to resolve any dispute before bringing formal legal action;
conduct any resulting legal action pursuant only to the laws of New Zealand and within the New Zealand legal system.
By accessing or using this website you have agreed to these Terms of Service.