https://www.appaloosa.com/privacypolicy.htm
Welcome
to the
official website of  the
Appaloosa Breed
Association
E-Newsletter
International
Membership
Racing
Regional
Clubs
Registration
Show
Sponsors
& Partners
Trail &
Distance
Youth
Wallpaper
Download
Search
ApHC Copyright and Privacy Policies:
ApHC Privacy
Policies
This Privacy Policy is
meant to help you understand what data we collect, why we collect
it, and what we do with it. This is important; we hope you will
take time to read it carefully. And remember, you can find controls
to manage your information and protect your privacy and security
in the Members Section of our website or by calling 208.882.5578
and speaking with a customer representative.
What information does the ApHC collect about me?
We collect information from you such as name, address, birth
date, email address and phone numbers when you purchase a membership
or other products from us. We also record any history that you
may have associated with the services that we provide such as
horse ownership, registration, showing, racing, trail rides
and other services.
How does the ApHC use information about me?
We use information about you to deliver, improve and enhance
the services we provide to you. For example, we use information
about you to create your account and deliver our services to
you.
How can I update my personal information?
You are in full control of your personal information. If you
are a current member of the ApHC you can log into the Members
section of our website to change your person information
and how we share it by clicking on the “My
Customer Information” menu option. For non members you can
call 208.882.5578 and speak with a customer representative.
How does the ApHC secure, store and retain my data?
We follow generally accepted standards to store and protect
the personal data we collect, both during transmission and once
received and stored, including utilization of encryption where
appropriate.
We retain personal data only for as long as necessary to provide
the services you have requested and thereafter for a variety
of legitimate legal or business purposes. These might include
retention periods:
• mandated by law, contract or similar obligations applicable
to our business operations;
• for preserving, resolving, defending or enforcing our legal/contractual
rights; or needed to maintain adequate and accurate business
and financial records.
Does the ApHC share my data with third parties?
Yes, but only if you allow us to. Occasionally we will share
your information with our trusted business partners however,
we will only share the data necessary for them to perform services
on our behalf. Examples of when we share data include, communicating
with you through surveys or email, interest in the horse industry
or member benefits. We only share the minimum information necessary
and our business partners are prohibited from using your information
for any other purpose.
Does the ApHC use cookies on its website?
Yes, we use session cookies to enhance the functions of our
website and to identify who you are when you are accessing the
members section of our website. We do not use cookies to track
you or for marketing purposes.
Does the ApHC use HTTPS on its website?
Yes, all web pages on the www.appaloosa.com and www.appaloosayouth.com
websites use the HTTPS secure protocol to ensure that the communication
between your web browser and our website is secure.
Does the ApHC comply with the European Union's GDPR
Regulations?
Yes, we comply with all regulations and requirements afforded
to European Union Members by GDPR. Those European Union Members
that wish to be forgotten, object to processing, restrict processing,
or have their information transferred to another entity, please
submit your request in writing to the following address:
Appaloosa Horse Club
Customer Service Department (GDPR)
2720 West Pullman Road
Moscow Idaho, 83843
Please note that this Privacy Policy can change at anytime
without notice
If you have any additional questions regarding your information
or how we use it please call 208.882.5578 to speak with one
of our customer representatives.
<<
Click Here to return to the top of the page >>
2720 West Pullman
Road ~ Moscow, ID 83843  (208) 882-5578
Privacy
Policy
Site
Map
Designed
by
Equinewebmarketing.com
~ Design concept
by Bonnie Hanna
Direct website problems and questions to
webmaster@appaloosa.com