http://www.farehamnomads.co.uk/privacy-notice/
PRIVACY NOTICE
Fareham Nomads Swimming Club (FNSC) is committed to respecting your privacy.
This notice is to explain how we may use personal information we collect before from you, or that you provide to us.  This notice explains how we comply with the law on data protection, what your rights are and for the purposes of data protection we will be the controller of any of your personal information.
References to we, our or us in this privacy notice are to Fareham Nomads Swimming Club, Fareham Leisure Centre, Park Lane, Fareham, PO16 7JU.
We have appointed a Data Protection Officer to oversee our compliance with data protection laws.  Contact details are set out I the “Contacting us” section at the end of this privacy notice.
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT FROM YOU
We may collect and process the following information about you:
Personal contact details that allow us to contact you directly such as name, title, address, email addresses and telephone numbers
Date of birth
Gender
School details
Membership start and end date
Other information asked for and provided as part of the application process
Records of your interactions with us such as telephone conversations, emails and other correspondence and your instructions to us
Records of your attendance at any events hosted by us
Images in video and/or photographic form
Details of Swim England membership
Details of next of kin, family members, coaches and emergency contacts
Records and assessment of attendance, performance, rankings, gradings and ratings, competition results and details of events attended
Details of transactions you carry out through our site and of the fulfilment of any orders or requirements
Details of your visits to our website including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data, whether this is required for our own billing purposes or otherwise and the resources that you access
Any disciplinary and grievance information
Information provided when you complete surveys that we use for research purposes, although you do not have to respond to them.
SPECIAL CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may also collect, store and use the following “special categories” of more sensitive personal information about you:
Information about your race or ethnicity.
Information about your health, including any medical condition, disability, health and sickness record, medical records and health professionals information.
Where we process these special categories of more sensitive personal information about you we do so on the basis that:
It is necessary for the purposes of carrying out the obligations and exercising our or your rights in the field of employment and social security and social protection law.
We will not transfer this information to any third party unless specifically authorised by you or in a medical emergency.
WHERE WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We typically collect personal information about you when you apply to become a member of the club, when you enter a competition organised by us, when you purchase any services or products we offer, when you make a query and/or complaint  or when you correspond with us by phone, email or in some other way.
If you are providing us with details of referees, next of kin, beneficiaries, family members and emergency contacts they have a right to know and to be aware of how what personal information we hold about them, how we collect it and how we use and may share that information.  Please share this privacy notice with those of them whom you feel are sufficiently mature to understand it.  They also have the same rights as set out in the “Your rights in relation to personal information” section below.
USES MADE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We use the information held about you in the following ways:
To maintain club and squad records
To notify you about changes to our club, its membership or the services it provides and the events that it promotes
To provide membership details and best times to Swim England database
To provide details for media articles – only with the swimmer/parent/guardian explicit consent
For some of your personal information you will have a legal, contractual or other requirement or obligation to provide us with your personal information.  If you do not provide us with the requested personal information we may not be able to admit you as a member or we may not be able to properly perform our contract with you or comply with legal obligations and we may have to terminate your membership.  For other personal information you may not be under an obligation to provide it to us, but if you do not provide it then we may not be able to properly perform our contract with you.
Where you have given us your consent to use your personal information in a particular manner, you have the right to withdraw this consent at any time, which you may do by contacting us as described in the “Contacting us” section below.
Please note however that the withdrawal of your consent will not affect any use of the data made before you withdrew your consent and we may still be entitled to hold and process the relevant personal information to the extent that we are entitled to do so on bases other than your consent. Withdrawing consent may also have the same effects as not providing the information in the first place, for example we may no longer be able to provide certain member benefits to you.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We share personal information with the following parties:
Any party approved by you
Swimming national, regional and county governing bodies
Other clubs when you enters a competition
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of our members, officers, volunteers, suppliers or others.
TRANSFERRING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION INTERNATIONALLY
The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. Such staff maybe engaged in, among other things, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
HOW LONG DO WE KEEP PERSONAL INFORMATION FOR?
We retain all physical and electronic records for a period of 12 months after your last contact with us or the end of your membership.
If you have entered a FNSC organised event your personal data may be kept for up to 12 months following the event.
An exception to these rule is that information that may be relevant to personal injury or discrimination claims may be retained until the limitation period for those types of claims has expired.  For personal injury or discrimination claims this can be an extended period as the limitation period might not start to run until a long time after the event.
It is important to ensure that the personal information we hold about you is accurate and up-to-date, and you should let us know if anything changes, for example if you change your phone number or email address. You may be able to update some of the personal information we hold about you directly in TU.  Alternatively, you can contact us by using the details set out in the “Contacting us” section below.
WHERE WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
All information you provide to us is stored on secure servers. Any payment transactions will be encrypted [using SSL technology]. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
IP ADDRESSES AND COOKIES
When you use our website we may collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers or sponsors (if any). This is statistical data about our users’ browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual.
For the same reason, we may obtain information about your general internet usage by using a cookie file which is stored on the hard drive of your computer. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive. They help us to improve our site and to deliver a better and more personalised service. They enable us:
To estimate our audience size and usage pattern.
To store information about your preferences, and so allow us to customise our site according to your individual interests.
To speed up your searches.
To recognise you when you return to our site.
You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of cookies.  However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our site. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you log on to our site.
Please note that our advertisers and sponsors may also use cookies, over which we have no control.
YOUR RIGHTS IN RELATION TO PERSONAL INFORMATION
You have a right to request access to your personal data held by FNSC, to rectify any irregularities and to be forgotten if the Club no longer has a legitimate reason to hold your personal data.  To exercise any of the above rights, or if you have any questions relating to your rights, please contact us using the details set out in the “Contacting us” section below.  More information about your legal rights can be found on the Information Commissioner’s website at https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public/.  If you are unhappy with the way we are using your personal information you can also complain to the UK Information Commissioner’s Office. We are here to help and encourage you to contact us to resolve your complaint first.
CHANGES TO THIS NOTICE
We may update this privacy notice from time to time. When we change this notice in a material way, we will update the version date at the bottom of this page. For significant changes to this notice we will try to give you reasonable notice unless we are prevented from doing so. Where required by law we will seek your consent to changes in the way we use your personal information.
CONTACTING US
In the event of any query or complaint in connection with the information we hold about you, please email dataprotectionofficer@farehamnomads.co.uk
Pin It on Pinterest
Shares
Share This
Facebook
Twitter
Google+
Gmail
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Tumblr