http://www.jes-soft.com/privacy.html
Baseball
Basketball
Football
Hockey
Soccer
Volleyball
Water polo
Playview
Other sports
More
Frequently asked questions
Registered user area
Privacy
Baseball
Basketball
Football
Hockey
Soccer
Volleyball
Water polo
More
Frequently asked questions
Registered user area
Privacy
Privacy Statement Jes-Soft
Jes-Soft has created this privacy statement in order to
demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy.
The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for
the websites published by Jes-Soft, including but not limited to, www.jes-soft.com, www.jes-basketball.com, www.jes-waterpolo.com,
www.jes-football.com, www.jes-volleyball.com, www.jes-hockey.com, www.jes-soccer.com and www.jes-baseball.com.
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site.
This site contains links to other sites. Jes-Soft is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
We use outside ad companies to display ads on our site.
Ads may contain cookies, and appear to be coming from our site, but in reality they are coming from our partners who are serving ads on our site.
Our sites use cookies to hide/show a cookie message.
We do not have access to any information about you from cookies you might receive while visiting our site.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site.
These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.
Additionally:
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our sites.
Google's use of the DART cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our sites and/or other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Correct/Update
This site gives users the following option for changing and modifying information previously provided.
E-Mail
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact
Jes-Soft
Privacy@jes-soft.com
The privacy statements of Conversantmedia can be found at http://www.conversantmedia.com/legal/privacy
The privacy statement of Google can be found at http://www.google.com/privacy.html
The privacy statement of Amazon.com can be found at Amazon.com privacy notice
The privacy statement of ChampionshipProductions.com can be found at http://www.championshipproductions.com/cgi-bin/champ/privacypolicy.html