https://www.slc.gov/privacy-statement-and-accessibility/
Close
SLC.gov
COVID-19
Payments
Business
Calendar
City Directory A-Z
Office of the Mayor
Salt Lake City Council
Office of the City Attorney
Airport
Arts Council
Boards and Commissions
Budget
Building Services
Building Inspections
Building Permits
Business Licensing
City Cemetery
City Code
Civil Enforcement
Community and Neighborhoods
Compliance
Comprehensive Annual Financial Reports (CAFR)
Consumer Protection
Economic Development
Elections
Emergency Management
Engineering
Event Permits
Events
Facilities
Finance
Fire
Gallivan Center
Golf
Housing and Neighborhood Development
Historic Preservation
Human Resources
Information Management Services
Internships
Justice Court
Landlord/Tenant Program
Library
Parks & Public Lands
Planning
Police
Prosecutor
Public Services
Public Utilities
Purchasing & Contracts
Recorder
Redevelopment Agency
Regional Athletic Complex
Risk Management
SLC911
SLCtv
Streets
Sustainability – SLCgreen
Trails & Natural Lands
Transportation
Urban Forestry
Youth & Family
Salt Lake City
SLC.gov
SLC.gov
Privacy Statement and Accessibility
Privacy Statement and Accessibility
Accessibility
Click here for our accessibility statement.
Purpose of Privacy Statement
The purpose of the statement is to inform users of this site with regard to the collection and use of personally identifiable information.
Definition of Personally Identifiable Information
For the purposes of this statement “personally identifiable information” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual who is the subject of the information.
Personally Identifiable Information Not Routinely Collected
Citizens do not have to routinely provide personal information to visit Salt Lake City sites or to download information. Government agencies may request personally identifiable information from you in order to provide requested specialized services, but such information is handled as it would be on an in-person visit to a government office.
Personally Identifiable Information Available From Governmental Web Sites
Access to personally identifiable information in public records at state and local levels of government in Utah is controlled primarily by Chapter 2, Title 63 of the Utah Code, the law entitled the Government Records Access and Management Act. Information that is generally available under Chapter 2 – and not made confidential elsewhere in the Utah Code – may be posted for electronic access through www.slc.gov. While Chapter 2 sets the general policies for access to government records in the state of Utah, other sections of the Utah Code as well as other federal laws also deal with confidentiality issues.
The IP (Internet Protocol) numbers of computers (servers) used to visit this site are noted as part of our statistical analysis on use of our web sites so we may better design services and improve access to them.  However, the site does not attempt to gain personally identifiable information on individual users and associate them with IP addresses.
Use of Constituent E-mail Addresses
E-mail addresses obtained as a result of a request to the city site will not be sold or given to other private companies for marketing purposes. The information collected is subject to the access and confidentiality provisions of Chapter 2, other applicable sections of the Utah Code or federal law. E-mail or other information requests sent to the city web site may be maintained in order to respond to the request, forward that request to the appropriate agency, communicate updates to the city page that may be of interest to citizens, or to provide the city web designer with valuable customer feedback to assist in improving the site. Individuals will be provided with the ability “opt out” at anytime of any communications regarding new service updates.
Data Security and Quality
We are committed to data security and the data quality of personally identifiable information that is either available from or collected by governmental web sites, and have taken reasonable precautions to protect personally identifiable information from loss, misuse or alteration. Any third parties responsible for this information are committed to the same principles, and also are required by contract to follow the same policies and guidelines as the state of Utah in protecting this information. Unless otherwise prohibited by state or federal law, rule or regulation the individual is granted the ability to access and correct personally identifiable information whether or not the information inaccuracy was accidental or by created unauthorized access.
Non-City Web Sites
Various web sites may be linked through www.slc.gov. Many of these sites, including private sector sites, are not subject to Chapter 2 and may also not be subject to other sections of the Utah Code or federal law. Visitors to those sites are advised to check the privacy statements of these sites and be cautious about providing personally identifiable information without a clear understanding of how the information will be used. Visitors may also want to consult privacy guidelines such as those recommended by the Online Privacy Alliance.
Mobile Terms & Conditions
Click here for the mobile terms and conditions.
Social Media Terms of Use
Click here to view the Social Media Terms of Use