https://www.liveabout.com/did-tiger-woods-legally-change-name-1566387
Share
PINTEREST
Email
Print
Donald Miralle/Getty Images
Sports & Athletics
Golf
Famous Golfers
Basics
History
Gear
Golf Courses
Golf Tournaments
Baseball
Basketball
Bicycling
Billiards
Bodybuilding
Bowling
Boxing
Car Racing
Cheerleading
Cricket
Extreme Sports
Football
Gymnastics
Ice Hockey
Martial Arts
Professional Wrestling
Skateboarding
Skating
Paintball
Soccer
Swimming & Diving
Table Tennis
Tennis
Track & Field
Volleyball
Other Activities
Learn More
By
Brent Kelley
Brent Kelley is an award-winning sports journalist and golf expert with over 30 years in print and online journalism.
our editorial process
Brent Kelley
Updated September 05, 2019
Tiger Woods' first name, his given name at birth, is Eldrick. But Tiger, at some point, legally changed his name from "Eldrick" to "Tiger"? Some golfers believe that claim to be true. Is it?
This is one of those things we'll classify as a "golf urban legend." (But since we're talking about golf, is the appropriate term "suburban legend"?)
The answer is no: Woods never legally changed his name to Tiger. Tiger has always been, and remains, a nickname, despite its ubiquitous use when referring to Woods.
But there's a reason some people believe — or at least believed at one time — this story: A prominent figure in the golf world once believe it himself and gave the story a public airing.
A Major Golf Figure Once Seemed to Confirm the Name-Change Story
The Eldrick-to-Tiger rumor had been around for years after Woods turned pro, but it was in 2007 that the story appeared to be given some credence by a notable golf figure.
That golf figure was Peter Kostis, today still one of the USA's top golf instructors and better-known for his work as an on-course reporter and swing analyst for CBS Sports' golf broadcasts.
Back in 2007, writing in a "mailbag" feature on the CBS Sports Web site, Kostis told an emailer that "Tiger changed his name legally several years ago. Eldrick no long exists."
The "years ago" reference was to earlier rumors about when Woods, allegedly, had legally changed his first name from "Eldrick" to "Tiger." According to that story, when Woods turned 21, in late 1996, he filed the paperwork, putting "Eldrick" to bed and transforming Tiger from his nickname to his actual name.
But It's Not True: Eldrick Lives On
No documentation or verification that such a legal name change actually took place ever came to light.
And when Woods' marriage to Elin Nordegren ended in divorce in 2010, the divorce papers, which became public record, all referred to Woods by his full, given name: Eldrick Tont Woods. Had Woods ever legally changed his name to Tiger, those legal documents would have used "Tiger" rather than "Eldrick."
Also note that the bio section of Tiger's official Web site (tigerwoods.com) lists Tiger's name as "Eldrick (Tiger) Woods."
So this is one golf urban legend that is, in fact, busted: Tiger Woods never legally changed his name to "Tiger." He is now and always has been Eldrick.
What Is Tiger Woods' Real (and Full) Name?
How Did Tiger Woods Get His Nickname? Does He Have Any Others?
What Was the Tiger Woods Divorce Settlement with Elin Nordegren?
Tiger Woods' Daughter Is Sam Alexis Woods
Tiger Woods: A Biography of One of Golf's Giants
Charlie Axel Woods Profile
Tiger Woods' House and Backyard Practice Facility
Tiger Woods FAQ
Kultida Punsawad Woods Is Tiger Woods' Mother
Gallery: Tiger Woods' Kids, Sam and Charlie
Tiger Woods Jokes
Arrested Developments: 13 Golfers Who Spent Time in Jail
Amy Mickelson Photos: The Story of Her Life With Phil
Who Has Worked as One of Tiger Woods' Caddies?
What Is Tiger Woods' Ethnicity? He Calls It 'Cablinasian'
Top Golf Biographies and Autobiographies