http://www.weststigers.com.au/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Main
News
Watch
Draw
Ladder
Teams
Community
About Us
Beyond the 80 Podcast
Community Resources
Foundation
Game Day Hub
Newsletter Sign Up
Pathways Hub
Wests Tigers Women
Membership
Tickets
Shop
Corporate
Search
Log In
Major Sponsors
You have skipped the navigation, tab for page content
Privacy Policy
/
1. INTRODUCTION
In this privacy policy "we", "us", "our" and "Wests Tigers" means Wests Tigers, its associates, related entities and subsidiaries. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully as it describes how we collect, use and handle your Personal Information.Wests Tigers recognizes the importance of your privacy and your right to control your Personal Information and is committed to complying with applicable privacy laws. We will only request Personal Information that is reasonably necessary for us to perform our functions and activities as a Rugby League club. Please be aware, you are under no obligation to provide us with your Personal Information, but if you choose not to provide your Personal Information, you may not be able to take advantage of one or more of the features we offer. On request and wherever it is lawful and practicable, we will offer you the opportunity of not identifying yourself, or of using a pseudonym, when entering transactions, or otherwise dealing with, Wests Tigers.
2. HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION AS PART OF THE RUGBY LEAGUE EXCHANGE
Wests Tigers is always seeking to better understand our player and fan preferences including by analysing your Personal Information to understand trends and interests. Wests Tigers has, in conjunction with the National Rugby League, other clubs, Queensland Rugby League, New South Wales Rugby League, Country Rugby League of NSW and selected third parties, established a data storage architecture and data sharing platform for processing Personal Information with this aim (Rugby League Exchange).The NRL will be responsible for the maintenance and administration of the Rugby League Exchange. Wests Tigers will share your Personal Information with the NRL as part of the Rugby League Exchange in order to facilitate analysis of fan behaviour and preferences to improve fan support, fan offerings, provide more targeted content and products and any other purposes described in the NRL's Privacy Policy. We encourage you to read the NRL's Privacy Policy to understand how your Personal Information will be handled in relation to the Rugby League Exchange. The NRL's Privacy Policy is located at https://www.nrl.com/privacy-policy
3. WHAT TYPES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION MAY WE COLLECT?
The types of Personal Information Wests Tigers may collect depends on the purposes for which such information is collected but may include (without limitation):(a) your name, gender, date of birth, occupation, residential address, email address, telephone number and other contact details;(b) memberships, subscriptions and attendance history at Wests Tigers matches (whether you have used your membership to purchase tickets, or as a casual ticket purchaser); and(c) purchasing preferences and financial details which we collect when you buy tickets, purchase merchandise and/or as part of competitions and promotions.Wests Tigers will generally not collect Sensitive Information from you. However, where Wests Tigers seeks to collect Sensitive Information from you, it will do so in accordance with applicable privacy laws, for instance by obtaining your consent for such a collection.In addition to Personal Information, we use cookies, web beacons and other technologies on our network to collect information about your usage (for instance, third party websites you visit to better understand your preferences and what types of products and services you may be interested in).
4. HOW DO WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Where it is reasonable and practicable to do so, Wests Tigers will collect Personal Information directly from you (without limitation):(a) when you order merchandise through our online store located at RoarStore.com.au;(b) Wests Tigers competitions and surveys run through digital channels and traditional methodsIn addition to collecting Personal Information directly from you, we may also collect Personal Information from:(a) the NRL, QRL, NSWRL and selected third parties (for instance, Ticketek and Ticketmaster);
5. WHY DO WE COLLECT, USE, HOLD AND DISCLOSE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Wests Tigers collects, uses, discloses or holds Personal Information that is reasonably necessary for Wests Tigers to perform one or more functions or activities as a club including (without limitation):(a) organisation, conduct and promotion of matches involving Wests Tigers (for instance, providing you information about upcoming ticket offers and deals for the next home matches);(b) promotion and sale of Wests Tigers merchandise;(c) direct marketing of Wests Tigers products or services; and(d) promoting Wests Tigers Corporate Partner offers.We use, disclose or hold your Personal Information for the primary purpose for which it was collected, a related secondary purpose, or as otherwise required in accordance with applicable privacy laws (for instance, we may be required to disclose your Personal Information to a law enforcement agency).
6. WHO DO WE DISCLOSE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION TO?
Wests Tigers may provide your Personal Information to third parties as part of our functions and activities including (without limitation):(a) Delivery, courier and postal organisations: we may disclose your Personal Information to delivery, courier and postal organizations in order to deliver merchandise you order;(b) National Rugby League, other clubs, Queensland Rugby League, New South Wales Rugby League, Country Rugby League of NSW and selected third parties (for instance, Ticketek and Ticketmaster): we may disclose your Personal Information as part of the Rugby League Exchange. The NRL and selected third parties may send you information about products and services the NRL believes will be of interest to you. If you do not wish to receive information from the NRL or selected third parties, please opt out from such promotional and marketing information as part of the relevant organisation's preference centre or contact the NRL's Privacy Officer in accordance with the NRL Privacy Policy located at https://www.nrl.com/privacy-policy;(c) Law enforcement and emergency services agencies: we may disclose your Personal Information where required or authorised to do so by law, including in emergency situations and to assist law enforcement agencies with active investigations. We will always ensure that those to whom we disclose your Personal Information have the legal right to receive it; and(d) In the future Wests Tigers may engage email marketing providers, market research companies, promotions management and other data analytics companies to perform direct marketing on our behalf. You will always have the right to opt out of receiving promotional materials from Wests Tigers.
7. DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION TO OVERSEAS RECIPIENTS
Wests Tigers do not intend to disclose any personal information to overseas recipients.
8. HOW IS YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION SECURED?
We understand you have entrusted us with the protection of your Personal Information. As such, we take reasonable steps, with the assistance of the NRL, to protect your Personal Information from misuse, loss, unauthorised access, modification or disclosure. This includes engaging reputable third party service providers and ensuring that we engage (where possible and practical to do so) in best practice security systems and procedures.
9. ACCESS TO AND CORRECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
You can access or correct your Personal Information through:(a) your NRL Account profile; or(b) contacting our Privacy Officer at the 'Inquiries Procedure' set out below.Please ensure that any written request for access or correction addressed to our Privacy Officer provides adequate detail that identifies what Personal Information you want access to or corrected. Where your request will incur costs, we may charge you a fee to cover those costs (for instance, reasonable staff costs in searching for, locating and retrieving the requested Personal Information). We will inform you of any such charges prior to your request being actioned.In certain circumstances, we may refuse to provide you access to your Personal Information. Where we refuse you access, we will provide you with a written explanation as to the reasons for the rejection (for instance, we may refuse to disclose Personal Information to you where such access would have an unreasonable impact on the privacy of other individuals).
10. INQUIRIES PROCEDURE
All complaints and inquiries concerning your Personal Information, including in respect of alleged breaches of this Privacy Policy or the Privacy Act, should be directed to the Wests Tigers Privacy Officer:The Wests Tigers Privacy OfficerWests Tigers Rugby LeaguePO Box 169North Strathfield NSW 2137Email: reception@weststigers.com.auAt all times, privacy inquiries and complaints will be treated seriously, dealt with promptly and confidentially.
11. PRIVACY POLICY UPDATES
This Privacy Policy was last updated in May 2018. We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will post the updated version of the Privacy Policy on our website but may not personally notify you. Please check periodically to see if our Privacy Policy has been updated. Capitalised terms in this Collection Statement have the meaning given to such terms in the Wests Tigers Privacy Policy or the Privacy Act.
Major Partner
Corporate Partners
VIEW ALL PARTNERS