http://www.cycloneshockey.com/privacy-policy
Cincinnati Cyclones
Tickets
Schedule
Menu
Cincinnati Cyclones
Tickets
Single Game Tickets Season Tickets Ticket Specials Groups Business Packages Suites Seat Viewer Fundraising Fan Zam My Tickets
Schedule
News
Team News Stats Standings
Team
Roster / Coaches Staff Twister Puckchop Affiliates Buffalo Sabres (NHL) Rochester Americans (AHL)
Media
Watch / Listen Online Downloads Video Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram
Game Day Info
Venue Info Getting Here
Community
In The Community Frozen 5K Field Trips Scouts Kids Club Donation Requests Sponsors Cincinnati Cyclones Foundation
Rewards
Cyclones Rewards How To Play Cyclones Mobile App
Shop
Mobile App Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube
Privacy Policy Your privacy is important to us. This Privacy Policy governs the practices of Cincinnati Cyclones, LLC and its affiliates, which include Arena Management Holdings. We are committed to undertaking reasonable measures to protect the privacy and security of all of the personal information that is provided to us. Please read the following description of our policies and practices regarding your personal information.
Collection of Personal Information
The Cincinnati Cyclones and their agents and representatives collect personal information in a number of circumstances. For example, when you visit cyclonesrewards.com, we may collect personal information from you such as name, home address, e-mail address, age, purchase history, products used or searched for, phone number used to call customer service and credit card information for purposes such as events and contests; registrations for our newsletter, social media pages, chat rooms, bulletin boards and other public forums; shopping in the shopping area at shop.cyclonesrewards.com (the "Shop"); and participation in other promotions and interactive online activities. We may collect personal information with your consent or as required or permitted by law.
Specifically with respect to the Shop, we may collect personal information, for example, when you register, sign in, search, purchase products, participate in a contest or questionnaire or communicate with customer service. We may also automatically collect certain types of information, including the telephone number used to call customer service and, if you visit our Shop, information collected through "cookies" (see below for more information about how we use cookies). In addition a third party may actually operate the Shop and provide customer service and other functions with respect to the Shop described in this Privacy Policy, and will collect personal information when you visit the Shop and in connection with processing transactions at the Shop. The third party operator of the Shop and not the Cincinnati Cyclones Parties is responsible for the treatment of your information by the third party operator of the Shop. Information about the privacy practices of the third party operator of the Shop is on the shop.cyclonesrewards.com website.
Use and Disclosure of Personal Information
We may use your personal information such as your name, home address and e-mail address to send marketing communications to you. We may use other personal information you provide to send you particular communications that we believe will be of interest to you. While most of our fans appreciate receiving marketing communications, we respect the right of each fan to control how his or her personal information is used. If you do not want to receive marketing communications from us, you can opt out when the personal information is collected.Â  In addition, if you are receiving marketing communications from us and wish to unsubscribe, you can do so by following the opt out instructions contained in the marketing communications you receive from us. For example, each of our marketing email messages contains an unsubscribe link that you can use to opt out of receiving marketing communications.Â Â
We may also use aggregated, non personally identifying information collected from you when shopping at the Shop to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, to analyze site usage, improve our content and product offerings, and generally to improve the Shop and better tailor it to meet your needs.
We also use personal information for: maintaining records for reasonable periods, and generally managing and administering our activities; meeting legal, regulatory, insurance, security and processing requirements; and otherwise with consent or as permitted or required by law.
The Cincinnati Cyclones Parties may otherwise disclose personal information as necessary to meet legal, regulatory, insurance, audit and security requirements, with your consent, or as permitted or required by law.
Cookies and Websites
From time to time, we may place a "cookie" on your computer. Our third party service providers and ad servers may use cookies as well. A cookie is a file written to your computer's hard drive that records certain technical information about your Internet usage, such as your IP address, computer and connection information such as browser type and version, operating system and platform and domain name. In addition, if you visit our Shop, we may also use cookies to collect information such as purchase history, Uniform Resource Locators (URLs), clickstream to, through and from the Shop, including date and time, cookie number and products you viewed or searched for, as well as to hold selections in a shopping cart when you leave the Shop without checking out. (Note that a third party may operate the Shop. The third party operator of the Cincinnati Cyclones Shop is responsible for the treatment of your information by the third party operator of the Shop. Information about the privacy practices of the third party operator of the Shop is on the shop.cyclonesrewards.com website.) If you submit personal information to our web site (such as your name, interests or preferences), we may use cookies to keep track of such information so that you will not need to reenter this information during subsequent visits. We use cookies to enable features such as our QuickPoll, our Shop, contest administration and for other internal site administration purposes. In addition, our ad servers may use non-personally identifiable information about your visits to this and other web sites to customize delivery of advertisements to this and other web sites. You may also set your Internet browser preferences to notify you when you receive a cookie or decline acceptance of cookies. If you decline acceptance of cookies, however, you may experience less than optimal performance of our web site.
Web servers operated by us, and by third party service providers and advertisers, may automatically collect non-personal information about which pages you visit, as well as your IP address or domain name. We may use this information for various purposes, such as tailoring our web site content, targeting promotional messages, and assessing the amount of traffic to various parts of our web site. We may also provide this information on an aggregated, anonymous basis to our marketing partners and/or advertisers.
We use third party analytics service providers to analyze the user experience on our websites by incorporating tracking pixels, agents or any other visitor identification technology that collects anonymous data. No personally identifiable information is ever collected from these analytics service providers. This analysis is performed using anonymous data collected from our websites.
Consent may be given by your authorized representative (such as a legal guardian or a person having a power of attorney). When you voluntarily provide us with your personal information, we assume you consent to its collection, use and disclosure in accordance with this Privacy Policy and as described at the time of collection, subject to any uses and disclosures you have opted not to participate in. In some circumstances, we may expressly request your consent to the collection, use or disclosure of your personal information or provide you with an opportunity to opt out of certain uses or disclosures of your personal information. In some limited circumstances where permitted or required by law, we may collect, use or disclose your personal information without your consent, for example, to collect a debt that you owe to us, to comply with a court order or to comply with local or federal regulations or a legally permitted inquiry by a government agency. You may withdraw your consent to our collection, use and disclosure of personal information at any time, subject to contractual and legal restrictions and reasonable notice. Note that if you withdraw your consent to certain uses of your personal information, we may no longer be able to provide certain of our products or services.
Security
We have adopted reasonable security measures, appropriate to the sensitivity of the personal information, against unauthorized access, disclosure, loss or destruction of personal information. These measures may include technological, physical and organizational methods of security.
Changes to Privacy Policy
The Cincinnati Cyclones Parties reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. If this Privacy Policy is modified, we will post the modified Privacy Policy and the date of the modification on this website. Please review this Privacy Policy from time to time to ensure your familiarity with its terms. Your continued use of cyclonesrewards.com constitutes your acceptance of the terms of this Privacy Policy, as amended from time to time. This Privacy Policy relates to all on-line and off-line activities of the Cincinnati Cyclones Parties.Â
Children's Privacy Statement (users under 13 years old)
We take our responsibilities to our younger visitors seriously. It is the intention of the Cincinnati Cyclones to fully comply with the requirements of the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act and the Guidelines promulgated by the Children's Advertising Review Unit of the Better Business Bureau.
In general, we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 ("children") via the website, and we use age screening mechanisms to help prevent children from posting personal information on the website, such as in our fan chat rooms. We do not require children to register or to otherwise disclose personal information to participate in the activities in any KIDS section(s) of our website.
From time to time, we may offer children the opportunity to enter promotions or contests. In those cases, the child will be asked only to provide an email address, as well as his or her parent's email address. Upon receipt of the information, we will send an email to the parent indicating that the child has registered, providing information on the program and giving instruction on how the parent can remove the child from the promotion or contest. We will then use the information only to notify the contest winners and their parents that they have won. We require that the winner's parent provide us with all information needed to award the prize. Information collected during the contest will not be used or stored after the contest ends, other than as needed for legal requirements in connection with the promotion. In no event will cyclonesrewards.com collect any personal information from children in connection with an on-line contest or promotion other than email address and parent's email address. In no event will cyclonesrewards.com use the personal information other than for purposes of awarding contest prizes.
We may also post information on the website about other promotions or contests that are open to children but that require other personal information (such as home address) to enter. For these contests, children will be required to print a paper entry form from the website and have their parents sign and mail or fax the form to us. Children are not permitted to independently provide personal information via the website or to enter these contests online.
More Than Just A Game Download the Cyclones app & join Cyclones Rewards to get exclusive access, earn points, & win prizes!
Download Today
'Clones Tickets
Buy Now