https://www.chesterroadclub.co.uk/privacy-policy/
HomeAboutRidesRaces/TTsMembershipEventsNewsContact
Home | Privacy PolicyPrivacy PolicyPrivacy Policy1. Purpose of our privacy statement1.1           Under the Data Protection Act 1998 and the General Data Protection Regulation, we are required to explain to you why we are asking for this information about you, how we intend to use the information you provide and whether we will share this with anyone else.2. Who are we?2.1           Chester Road Club is a community group.  Although we don’t have a registered office, we can be contacted via New Scene Youth Centre, Limewood Close, Newton Lane, Chester, CH2 2HH.3. Our data protection officer3.1           Our Data Protection Officer is also our Chairman, responsible for overseeing what we do with your information and monitoring our compliance with data protection laws.3.2           If you have any concerns or questions about our use of your personal data, you can contact our Data Protection Officer by emailing info@chesterroadclub.co.uk 4. Why are we collecting your information?4.1           The information that you provide to us via our website enquiry, feedback or sign-up forms is completely voluntary, although in some circumstances this will be for health and safety reasons as part of our risk assessments.5. What information are we collecting?5.1           We are collecting information about you which you provide to us on the forms completed including your name, email address and telephone number.5.2           Some of the information which we collect may be within special categories of personal data (also called sensitive personal data), for example information about your health.6. What we are going to do with your information6.1           The information you provide to us will be used for the following purposes:6.1.1      It will be stored and used by us in accordance with this privacy statement and also in accordance with your rights under the Data Protection Act 1998 and the General Data Protection Regulation;6.1.2      It will be collected and used by us fairly and openly for the purpose of providing information about events, meetings and notices relating to CRC activities. AND / OR6.1.3      It will be used to obtain your views about the services we provide and information on opportunities to get involved. This includes obtaining your feedback about the website AND / OR6.1.4      It will be used to provide information on opportunities to get involved in the club AND / OR6.1.5      It will allow us to contact you in the most appropriate way. For example, we can provide literature in large print if you have difficulty reading smaller print; or provide documents in an alternative language if English is not your first language.6.2           An understanding of your personal situation and individual needs will allow us to provide a tailored service that meets any physical, cultural or financial needs that you may have.7. What is the legal basis for using your information?7.1           In accordance with the data protection laws, we need a “legal basis” for collecting and using information about you. There are a variety of different legal basis for processing personal data which are set out in the data protection laws.7.2           The lawful basis on which we rely in order to use the information which we collect about you for the purposes set out in this notice will be:7.2.1      you have provided consent to our use of your information.8. Sharing your information8.1           We will not share your information with other organisations apart from British Cycling, whom we use to process and manage our memberships and send email communications to our members. 8.3           We use the British Cycling portal to process our memberships, please see British Cycling’s Privacy Policy for further details of how they collect, store and process your personal data.    10. Security of your information10.1        The information that you provide will be stored securely on our systems. Our security measures and procedures reflect the seriousness with which we approach security and the value we attach to your information.10.2        Only relevant club committee members will access the information you provide to us.11. Can we use your information for any other purpose?11.1        In limited circumstances we may use your information for a purpose other than those set out in this policy. If we intend to do so, we will provide you with information relating to that other purpose before using it for the new purpose.12. Storing your information and deleting it12.1        We will store the personal data which you provide to us via a webform for as long as we have relevant information on our services, or for as long as it takes to resolve your query. Once the identified purpose comes to an end, unless there is another identifiable purpose for which it is necessary to hold on to your information, we will delete your information.13. Your rights13.1        In relation to the information which we hold about you, you are entitled to:13.1.1   Ask us for access to the information;13.1.2   Ask us to rectify the information where it is inaccurate or is incomplete;13.1.3   Ask us to erase the information and take steps to ask others with whom we have shared your information to erase it;13.1.4   Ask us to limit what we do with your information;13.1.5   Object to our use of your information and ask us to stop that use;13.1.6   Instruct us to provide you with the information we hold about you in a structured and commonly used format or transmit that information directly to another organisation.13.2        Our obligations to comply with the above rights are subject to certain exemptions.13.3        Where we are using your information because you have provided your consent to that use, you are entitled to withdraw your consent at any time. The lawfulness of our use of your information before consent was withdrawn is not affected.13.4        To exercise any of the rights referred to above, you should contact our Data Protection Officer by emailing info@chesterroadclub.co.uk.13.5        You also have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office (the “ICO”) if you are not satisfied with the way we use your information. You can contact the ICO by writing to Information Commissioner’s Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF. Join us todayBecome part of Chester Road Club Club Membership Privacy PolicyTerms & ConditionsCookiesAccessibilitySitemapSite by
Club AnnouncementIn light of the latest government advice in response to the corona virus pandemic with respect to social distancing and non-essential social contact the club has taken the decision to suspend all club rides without exception for the foreseeable future.Moving forward we will provide further updates as the situation and advice evolves. Hopefully things can return to normal as soon as possible.In the meantime we hope that you and your families stay well.Many thanks for your understanding.Close