http://www.quailcreekcc.com/club/scripts/site/privacy.asp
Welcome Back
Member Login
Username
Password
Keep Me Logged In
Submit
Quail Creek Country Club
Menu
Close
About
Amenities
Membership
239.597.2831 Contact
Member Login
Privacy Policy
Contact & Directions
Guest Information
Career Opportunities
News & Media
Blues Zones Certified
Request Information
Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy
Last updated: June 12, 2020
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘Personally identifiable information’ (PII) is being used online. PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
WHO WE ARE
Quail Creek Country Club
Our website address is: https://www.quailcreekcc.com/
Our phone number is: 239.597.2831
Our mailing address is: 13300 VALEWOOD DRIVE, NAPLES, FL 34119
WHAT PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT AND WHY WE COLLECT IT
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number or other details to help you with your experience. We collect information from you when you fill out a form or enter information on our site. We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To personalize user’s experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
If you order a product from us, we will use the mailing address information to ship your order to you.
We will use your email address or phone number to contact you about order statuses or questions about our products/services that you contacted us about.
COMMENTS
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
MEDIA
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
CONTACT FORMS
We collect information from you when you fill out a form or enter information on our site through our contact forms. You may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number or other details to help you with your experience. This information is stored for customer service purposes.
COOKIES
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
EMBEDDED CONTENT FROM OTHER WEBSITES
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
ANALYTICS
We along with third-party vendors, such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
Opting out:
Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising initiative opt out page or permanently using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on. Users can read more about Google Analytics Privacy Policy Here. Google’s advertising requirements can be summed up by Google’s Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en
WHO WE SHARE YOUR DATA WITH
Payment gateways: To process orders successfully, we will share data with the payment provider to process the payment.
Shipping extensions: To ship orders successfully, we will share data with the shipping providers to calculate shipping rates or print shipping labels.
Marketing & Analytics: To provide you with a personalized user experience, we will share data to add customers to lists or analyze their behavior.
HOW LONG WE RETAIN YOUR DATA
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information. This data is retained for a minimum of ten years.
WHAT RIGHTS YOU HAVE OVER YOUR DATA
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
DATA RIGHTS:
All website visitors can request any of the following Data Rights by contacting us here.
Right to be informed: You can ask about personal data, how it is used, and why it is being used at any time.
Right of access: You can request access to any stored Personal Information at any time.
Right of rectification: Visitors can update (or request updates to) personal information at any time.
Right of erasure: If you have an account with us you may cancel your account at any time and may additionally request that we erase your personal data. We reserve the right to keep the minimum amount of information that helps us prevent fraud to keep your deliverability the highest it can be.
WHERE WE SEND YOUR DATA
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
YOUR CONTACT INFORMATION
Quail Creek Country Club
Our contact form link is: https://www.quailcreekcc.com/about/contact/
Our phone number is: 239.597.2831
Our mailing address is: 13300 VALEWOOD DRIVE, NAPLES, FL 34119
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR DATA
Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible. We use regular Malware Scanning.
DATA SECURITY:
We take all reasonable technical and organizational measures to commit to confidentiality of your data including:
Use of encryption
Continual monitoring of the confidentiality, integrity, availability, and resilience of our systems
Preparedness to restore availability of our services in the event of a physical or technical incident
Regular risk assessments of all systems
Commercially reasonable steps to ensure employees and those acting on our behalf maintain confidentiality of personal data
Provide written responses to all reasonable requests for information made by customers
Provide notice to customers regarding personal data breaches
INDUSTRY REGULATORY DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law’s reach stretches well beyond California to require a person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting personally identifiable information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals with whom it is being shared, and to comply with this policy. – See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
According to CalOPPA we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously.
Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page or as a minimum on the first significant page after entering our website.
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word ‘Privacy’ and can be easily be found on the page specified above.
Users will be notified of any privacy policy changes:
On our Privacy Policy Page
Users are able to change their personal information:
By emailing us
How does our site handle do not track signals?
We honor do not track signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Does our site allow third-party behavioral tracking?
It’s also important to note that we allow third-party behavioral tracking
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, the nation’s consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children’s privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under 13.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify the users via email
Within 1 business day
We will notify the users via in-site notification
Within 1 business day
We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
To be in accordance with CANSPAM we agree to the following:
NOT use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.
Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at:
Follow the instructions at the bottom of each email and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
Our phone number is: 239.597.2831
Our mailing address is: 13300 VALEWOOD DRIVE, NAPLES, FL 34119
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:
By email: webmaster@quailcreekcc.com
Copyright ©2020 by Quail Creek Country Club. All Rights Reserved.  Private Golf Club sites by MembersFirst  |  Terms of Use  |  Privacy Policy  |  Request My Information