http://www.painthorse.com.au/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Home / Privacy Policy
Paint Horse Association of Australia respects your privacy and is committed to protecting the personal information you provide us. This statement explains our policies regarding the use and disclosure of your personal information by Paint Horse Association of Australia. Please note that Paint Horse Association of Australia reviews and updates this policy from time to time as needed without notice. Therefore, you should review the terms periodically to make sure you are aware of how Paint Horse Association of Australia collects and uses personal information. By using our website, you consent to the collection and use of your personal information by Paint Horse Association of Australia as explained below.
Personal Information
You have complete control over your personal information. You can visit our website without providing us with any personal information. However, there are instances where we must have your personal information to grant you access to our protected and secured sites. This information may include registration data (your name, address, email address, phone number, title, etc), information request data and response data ("User Information"). When you receive your confirmation email or any email from the list server, you will be given instructions on how to remove yourself from the list.
Use of User Information
We intend to use this information to support your relationship with Paint Horse Association of Australia by designing website content that is suitable to your needs and alerting you to new products and services as they become available. This User Information may be retained by Paint Horse Association of Australia to verify compliance with the agreement between you and Paint Horse Association of Australia, to keep track of the domains from which people visit us, to better meet your needs, or to simply contact you. If you decide that we should not use your User Information to contact you, please let us know. However, please do not submit any User Information if you are under 18 years of age.
Disclosure of User Information
Paint Horse Association of Australia does not sell, trade or transfer User Information to third parties. However, we may share User Information with our business partners for marketing, advertising or product/service offering purposes. We also disclose User Information if: we have your consent; we need to share it in order to provide you with the products and/or services you requested; we respond to a court order or you violate our Terms of Use. You may separately agree to provide your personal information to third parties that provide content for Paint Horse Association of Australia offerings, in order to access and/or use their products and/or services. If you agree to provide such information to these third parties, then your personal information will be subject to their privacy policies.
Accuracy and Security
The accuracy and security of this information is important to Paint Horse Association of Australia and you can update your details by contacting Paint Horse Association of Australia. If you contact us to correct your User Information, we will attempt to correct such inaccuracies in a timely manner. Paint Horse Association of Australia is concerned with the security of User Information and is committed to taking reasonable steps to protect it from unauthorised access and use.
Usernames and Passwords
Access to certain content on our website may be allowed under a written agreement between you and Paint Horse Association of Australia and will require a username and/or password. In some cases, failure to provide personal information may prevent you from accessing certain Paint Horse Association of Australia website(s) containing certain confidential information, products, services, or promotional offers ("Paint Horse Association of Australia Offerings"). By accessing our protected and secured website(s), you agree to maintain the confidentiality of the username and password you selected and consent to our Terms of Use.
Cookies
Paint Horse Association of Australia uses "cookies". A cookie is a small data file that a website can transfer to a visitor's hard drive to keep records of visits. A cookie contains information such as your username and password that helps us recognise the pages you have visited and improve future visits. The only personal information a cookie can contain is the information that you provide yourself. A cookie cannot read data from your hard drive or read cookie files created by other sites. Information stored in cookies may be encrypted, however, we do not store your credit card number in cookies.
If you prefer not to accept a cookie, you can set your web browser to warn you before accepting cookies or you can refuse all cookies by turning them off in your web browser. However, access to some of our secured websites may require the use of cookies.
External Links
Paint Horse Association of Australia’s website provides links to other third party sites. Even if the third party is affiliated with Paint Horse Association of Australia through a business partnership or otherwise, Paint Horse Association of Australia is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices or the content of such external links. These links are provided to you for convenience purposes only and you access them at your own risk.
Website Development
This website was developed and is managed for Paint Horse Association of Australia by Reliance Technology. Reliance Technology is a regionally based information and communications technology support provider to government, education and SMEs. More information can be found at www.relianceit.com.au.
Terms of Use
Please see our Terms of Use, which describe the restrictions, disclaimers, indemnification and limitation of liability governing the use of the entire Paint Horse Association of Australia website.
General
If you have questions regarding our Privacy Statement, please contact Paint Horse Association of Australia via our Contact Us page.