http://www.kirkwood.com/footer/termsandconditions.aspx
Skip to main content
Our Commitment to Safety | Know Before You Arrive
Learn More >
Terms and Conditions
Welcome to the websites of Vail Resorts. The Vail Corporation and its affiliates ("Vail Resorts", "we", "us", or "our") provide these websites to you, subject to the following Terms of Use ("Terms of Use"), which  govern your use of any of our websites containing a link to these Terms of Use (collectively, the “Sites”).  Please read these Terms of Use carefully before using our Sites. By using any of our Sites, you agree to these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, you should not use our Sites or the services we provide on them.
Privacy
By agreeing to the Terms of Use, you agree to the terms of our Online Privacy Policy, which is expressly incorporated into these Terms of Use. All personal data provided to us as a result of your use of these Sites will be handled in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Additional Terms and Agreements
We may also require you to follow additional rules or guidelines in order to sign up to use various special features or password-protected areas of our Sites, to make purchases or reservations on our Sites, to participate in certain promotions available through our Sites, or for other reasons. In such cases, you may be asked to expressly consent to additional terms, for example, by checking a box or clicking on a button marked “I agree.” This type of agreement is known as a “click-through” agreement. If any of the terms of a click-through agreement are different than the terms of these Terms of Use, the terms of the click-through agreement will supplement or amend these Terms of Use, but only with respect to the matters governed by the click-through agreement. In addition, certain policies or terms of sale may apply to online purchases or reservations made on our Sites, which may deemed accepted when you complete or confirm your purchase or reservation. All additional terms and click-through agreements as described in this paragraph are referred to as “Additional Terms.”
Vail Resorts Content
Our Sites contain text, graphics, video, audio, or other content provided by Vail Resorts or its partners (collectively, “Vail Resorts Content”) and such content is protected under applicable intellectual property laws.  All Vail Resorts Content and related intellectual property rights are the property of Vail Resorts or the material is included with the permission of the rights. Vail Resorts grants you permission and license to lawfully access and use these Sites and to display, print, or download one copy of the Vail Resorts Content on any single computer for your personal, noncommercial use only, provided that you (a) do not modify the Vail Resorts Content; (b) you retain any and all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the Vail Resorts Content; and (c) you do not copy, post, distribute or transmit the Vail Resorts Content on any other website, via any network computer or broadcast the Vail Resorts Content in any media.
You expressly recognize and agree that Vail Resorts' trademarks, including our resort and hotel names and logos (the "Vail Resorts Marks") are the sole property of Vail Resorts. You are not authorized to display or use the Vail Resorts Marks or the trademarks, product names, company names, logos, service marks and/or trade dress of any other owners featured on our Sites without the prior written permission of the owner.
Any applicable software you may download from or access on our Sites, including any files, images, or data accompanying the software (collectively, the "Software") are licensed to you by Vail Resorts for the limited use described in the preceding paragraph. Vail Resorts transfers no right, title or interest in the Software to you. Vail Resorts retains full and complete title to the Software, and all intellectual property rights therein. You may not redistribute, sell, decode, reverse engineer, disassemble, or otherwise reduce the Software to a human-perceivable form.
Content You Submit to the Sites
Some of our Sites may provide you with the ability to add, create, upload, submit, distribute, post, or share on or through the Site, content, including without limitation information, website links, opinions, photos, profiles, graphics, videos, and audio clips (“User Content”). For example, the Epic Mix service allows you to upload your photographs to the Epic Mix Site for posting and sharing through your Epic Mix account.
By posting any User Content on the Site, you expressly grant, and represent and warrant that you have the right to grant, to Vail Resorts a non-exclusive, irrevocable, worldwide, transferable, royalty-free, perpetual license to publicly display, publicly perform, reproduce, distribute, create derivative works, and sublicense your User Content in any manner or through any media now known or later developed without any payment to you.
Vail Resorts may choose, in its sole discretion, to pre-screen, edit, refuse, move or remove any User Content posted to the sites. You agree that exercise of that discretion by Vail Resorts does not convert the User Content into Vail Resorts Content.
Conduct
You agree to not use the Sites to:
(a) upload, post, e-mail or otherwise transmit any User Content that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, offensive, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable;
(b)  engage in or facilitate harassing conduct aimed at any other person or entity;
(c)  harm minors in any way;
(d)  impersonate any person or entity or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity;
(e)  forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any content transmitted through the Sites;
(f)  upload, post, e-mail or otherwise transmit any User Content that you do not have a right to transmit under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships (such as inside information, proprietary and confidential information learned or disclosed as part of employment relationships or under nondisclosure agreements);
(g) upload, post, e-mail or otherwise transmit any User Content that infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights of any party;
(h) upload, post, e-mail or otherwise transmit any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, "junk mail," "spam," "chain letters," "pyramid schemes," or any other form of solicitation;
(i) upload, post, e-mail or otherwise transmit any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment;
(j) interfere with or disrupt the Sites or servers or networks connected to the Sites, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the Sites;
(k) violate any applicable local, state, national or international law, and any regulations having the force of law.
Special Considerations Related to Epic Mix™
Vail Resorts provides the option for you to share your experiences at our resorts with others through your Epic Mix account and the Epic Mix mobile applications. If you open an Epic Mix account, you understand that Vail Resorts will collect and maintain information related to your use of your ski pass at our resorts. Vail Resorts publishes that information to your Epic Mix account in order to provide the Epic Mix service to you.  If you agree to have your picture taken by one of our professional photographers, we will upload the photographs to your Epic Mix account in order to provide you with the Epic Mix photography services. We will also collect and publish the User Content, such as your personal photographs, that you submit in connection with your Epic Mix account.
The Epic Mix service allows you to share content through various platforms, websites, and mobile applications, including Facebook and Twitter. You understand that Vail Resorts does not control what information gets published to those sites or who has access to that information. Those sites are managed by third parties and governed by the term of use and privacy policies published on those sites.
Epic Mix allows you to upload and share photographs and tag or identify other Epic Mix users in a photograph. You agree not to tag users without their consent. You agree not to post a photograph of a minor child or tag a minor child in a photograph without the consent of that child’s parent or guardian. If a user requests that you remove a photo containing their image or delete a tag, you will do so immediately.  Vail Resorts reserves the right to remove photographs or tags at its discretion.
You understand that when you publish User Content to Epic Mix using the “public” setting (including posting photographs), it means you are allowing anyone to access and use that User Content.
You understand that Epic Mix allows you to manage who can see User Content and other information in your Epic Mix account. To learn more about managing your Epic Mix account settings, visit our Epic Mix Privacy FAQ.
Copyright Infringement Complaints
Vail Resorts respects the intellectual property of others, and we ask our users to do the same. If you believe that content on the Sites infringes your work, or the work of a third party for whom you are authorized to act, please send a notice of the alleged infringement to Vail Resorts’ copyright agent including all of the following information, pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (“DMCA”):
• An electronic or physical signature of the intellectual property owner, or an agent authorized to act on behalf of the owner;
• A description of the work that you claim has been infringed, including the URL, website location, or other identifying characteristics;
• Your name, company name, address, telephone number, fax number, and e-mail address (and, if you are not the owner of the intellectual property, the name of the owner);
• A statement by you that you have a good-faith belief that the described use of the work is not authorized by the intellectual property owner, its agent, or the law;
• A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the information in your notice is accurate and that you are either the intellectual property owner or an agent authorized to act on behalf of the intellectual property owner.
Please send the notice of alleged infringement by any of the following:
Attn: Copyright Agent
U.S. Mail: The Vail Corporation
390 Interlocken Crescent
Broomfield, Colorado 80021
E-mail: comments@vailresorts.com  (please include “attn: Copyright Agent” in the subject line)
Fax:   (303) 404-6422
Vail Resorts may terminate use of our Sites by repeat infringers in appropriate circumstances pursuant to the DMCA.
Registration and Password Protection
You may wish to register on one of our Sites in order to access a service, receive information, make a purchase, enter an online promotion, or for other purposes indicated on various sections of our Sites from time to time. In consideration of your use of the Sites, if you register on any of our Sites, you agree to provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself.
You may not register on our sites or open an account if you are under the age of 13.
Your account, including your username and password, are personal to you and may not be used by anyone else. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and username and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your password or username by you or by anyone else using your username and password, whether or not authorized by you. You agree to immediately inform us of any apparent breaches of security such as loss, theft or unauthorized disclosure or use of your username or password, and until we are so notified you will remain liable for any unauthorized use of your account.
Links to the Sites and RSS Feeds
Unless otherwise prohibited under these Terms of Use, you are hereby licensed to create hyperlinks to the home page of each of our public Sites, provided that the hyperlink accurately describes the content as it appears on the applicable Site. You are further granted a right to implement the RSS feeds located on our Sites for your personal, non-commercial use, solely as described on our Sites. Vail Resorts reserves the right to revoke these licenses generally, or your right to use specific links or RSS feeds, at any time at our discretion. Under no circumstances may you "frame" any of our Sites or copy portions of our Sites to a server, except as part of an Internet service provider's incidental caching of pages. When a page of any of our Sites is accessed from a link (including RSS feeds) featured on your web site, each page within our Sites must be displayed in full, without any accompanying frame, border, margin, design, branding, trademark, advertising, or promotional materials not originally displayed on the applicable page within the Site.
Feedback
We welcome your comments, feedback, suggestions, and other communications regarding these Sites and the information and services we make available through these Sites (collectively, “Feedback”). The Feedback you provide to us through these Sites will become and remain our exclusive property. Your submission of Feedback will constitute an assignment to us of rights, title and interests in your Feedback, including all copyrights and other intellectual property rights in your Feedback. We will be entitled to reduce to practice, exploit, make, use, reproduce, disclose, display or perform publicly, distribute, improve and modify any Feedback you submit.
International Use of our Sites
Recognizing the global nature of the Internet, you agree to comply with all local rules regarding online conduct and acceptable Content. You assume all knowledge of applicable laws and you are responsible for compliance with any such laws. You may not use the Site in any way that violates applicable state, federal, or international laws, regulations or other government requirements.  Specifically, you agree to comply with all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country in which you reside.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold The Vail Corporation, and its affiliates, officers, agents or other partners, and employees, harmless from any claim, liability, loss, expense or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of User Content you submit, post to or transmit through the Sites, your use of the Sites (including any information, materials, products or services available through these Sites), your connection to the Sites, your violation of the Terms of Use, or your violation of any rights of another.
Third Party Sites
Our Sites may contain links to websites operated by other entities. If you decide to visit any linked site, you do so at your own risk and it is your responsibility to take all protective measures to guard against viruses or other destructive elements. Third party websites are not bound by these Terms of Use or by Vail Resorts’ Privacy Policy
Disclaimer of Warranties
YOUR USE OF THE SITES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. THE SITES ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. VAIL RESORTS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO THESE SITES, THEIR CONTENT, THE SOFTWARE, OR ANY PRODUCTS OR SERVICES DESCRIBED ON OR AVAILABLE ON THE SITES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. VAIL RESORTS MAKES NO WARRANTY:  THAT THE SITES WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS; THAT THE SITES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE OR THAT THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE SITES WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE; THAT THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION, OR OTHER MATERIAL PURCHASED OR OBTAINED BY YOU THROUGH THE SITES WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS. ANY MATERIAL DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE SITES IS DONE AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK.
Limitation of Liability
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAWS WE, ON BEHALF OF OUR EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SUPPLIERS, AND CONTRACTORS, EXCLUDE AND DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ANY LOSSES AND EXPENSES OF WHATEVER NATURE AND HOWSOEVER ARISING INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, DATA OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES (EVEN IF VAIL RESORTS HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES), ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OF THE SITES OR ANY WEB SITE WITH WHICH THEY ARE LINKED, OR ANY PRODUCTS OR SERVICES AVAILABLE ON THESE SITES, OR OTHERWISE RESULTING FROM: (i) THE USE OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE SITES; (ii) THE COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES RESULTING FROM ANY GOODS, DATA, INFORMATION OR SERVICES PURCHASED OR OBTAINED OR MESSAGES RECEIVED OR TRANSACTIONS ENTERED INTO THROUGH OR FROM THE SITES; (iii) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR DATA; (iv) STATEMENTS OR CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY ON THE SITES; OR (v) ANY OTHER MATTER RELATING TO THE SITES. THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY APPLIES WHETHER THE ALLEGED LIABILITY IS BASED ON CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY OR ANY OTHER BASIS.
These Terms of Use give you specific legal rights and you may also have other rights which vary from country to country.  Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, or certain kinds of limitations or exclusions of liability, so the limitations and exclusions set out in these Terms and Conditions may not apply to you.  Other jurisdictions allow limitations and exclusions subject to certain conditions.  In such a case the limitations and exclusions set out in these Terms and Conditions shall apply to the fullest extent permitted by the laws of such applicable jurisdictions.  Your statutory rights as a consumer, if any, are not affected by these provisions, and we do not seek to exclude or limit liability for fraudulent misrepresentation.
Terminating Permission to Use Our Sites
You may terminate these Terms of Use at any time by ceasing your use of our Sites, destroying all Vail Resorts’ Content, Software or other intellectual property obtained from any Site and all copies and installations thereof, and deleting any accounts you have established on the Sites.  Vail Resorts may terminate these Terms of Use or your access to the Sites (in whole or in part) at any time if you violate these Terms of Use in any way.
Modifications to Terms of Use
We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of these Terms of Use at any time.  Alterations of our Sites in no way affect the Terms of Use themselves. Please check the Terms of Use periodically for changes. Modifications become effective immediately upon being posted on the Site, without further notice to you.  Your continued use of our Sites following the posting of changes to the Terms of Use will mean you accept those changes
Miscellaneous
This agreement is governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Colorado. Exclusive jurisdiction and venue for any legal proceedings related to these Terms of Use shall be in the state and federal courts located in Denver, Colorado. If we fail to enforce any provision of these Terms of Use, it will not be considered a waiver of our rights.  If any portion of these Terms of Use is held to be unenforceable, then the remaining clauses and provisions will remain in full force and effect.  Any and all warranties, provisions, rights and obligations of the parties herein described and agreed to be performed subsequent to the termination of this agreement shall survive the termination of this agreement. These Terms of Use, including our Privacy Policy and any Additional Terms, constitute the entire agreement between you and Vail Resorts, superseding any prior agreements between you and Vail Resorts with regard to your use of the Sites.  All of our rights and obligations under these Terms of Use are freely assignable by us in connection with a merger, acquisitions, or sale of our assets.
Online Advance Booking Discount Offer for Ski Rental Equipment
Offered by Vail Resorts Retail (“Sponsor”) in the U.S. and Canada only at www.epicmountainrentals.com (“Online”) to individuals 18+. Discount refers to the amount saved by Online advance-booking of eligible ski and/or snowboard equipment rentals (“Rental”) for use during non-peak days (“Offer”). Using a valid credit card, book Online 21 days or more in advance to receive 20% off the then-current walk-in rate (displayed Online, at the time of booking, excluding taxes) of Rental during non-peak days. Rentals booked in advance but less than 21 days may not be eligible for a 20% discount, but may still receive a discount depending on location, dates/times of booking, volume and availability of rental equipment, etc. Actual discount varies and will be disclosed prior to Rental booking. Rentals booked for skiing during peak days are excluded from this Offer and discount will not be applied, no exceptions. Discount will not be applied towards Rentals for the following peak days: 12/18/20 – 1/3/2021, 1/15/2021 – 1/18/2021, 2/12/2021 – 2/21/2021, 3/8/2021 – 4/11/2021). Dates subject to change. Offer not valid on single item rentals (i.e. boot-only, helmet-only, etc.), on any equipment or items that are unavailable, out-of-stock, or excluded from rental program. Rental equipment supplies are limited and available only while supplies last. Discount applied in single Online transaction only for qualifying Rental equipment and will not apply to prior Rentals. Discount will not be applied to future Rentals unless such Rental still qualifies for the Offer and all Offer conditions are satisfied at that time. Offer cannot be transferred or assigned, and may not be combined with any other offer, discount, or promotion. Sponsor reserves the right to cancel or refuse any Rental due to actual or suspected unauthorized, invalid or ineligible use of this Offer. Sponsor reserves the right to cancel, terminate, or modify the Offer and/or Online site at any time. Void where restricted or otherwise prohibited, and to employees of Vail Resorts Retail. Redemption of this Offer constitutes your acceptance of all applicable terms and conditions, and your agreement to be bound to Sponsor’s decisions, which are final and binding.
Close