https://www.machgolf.com/privacy-notice/
Skip to content Skip to footer
What we need
The
Machrihanish Golf Club will be a “controller” of the personal information that
you provide to us, by any means; for the purpose of becoming, or being a member
or for playing at this Golf Club unless otherwise stated.
When
you register as a member of Machrihanish Golf Club or renew your membership
(including if you are registering or renewing on behalf of a child under the
age of 18), we will ask you for the following personal information:
•
contact details – name, address, email address, telephone number and date of
birth;
•
membership category and/or parent, handicap info and previous clubs.
Why we need your personal information –
contractual purposes
We
need to collect our members’ personal information so that we can manage your
membership.  We will use our members’
personal information to:
•
provide you with core member services;
•
set up your online membership account and administer your account online; and
•
send you membership communications by post or email in relation to essential
membership services, including but not limited to, membership renewals, general
meeting notices and information on membership benefits.
If
you do not provide us with all of the personal information that we need to
collect then this may affect our ability to offer the above membership services
and benefits.
Why we need your personal information –
legitimate purposes
We
also process our members’ personal information in pursuit of our legitimate
interests to:
•
promote and encourage participation in the sport of golf by sending members’
communications and booking information for upcoming competitions and
events.  Our competitions and events may
be filmed or photographed and your personal information may also be used in
images captured from our competitions and events, which we use for promotional,
education and development purposes;
•
provide competition in the sport of golf by accepting and managing entries for
our competitions and checking your personal information to ensure you are
entered into the correct category;
•
develop and maintain our members’ qualifications, including sending email
communications to members to inform you of upcoming courses, renewal
requirements and verify that you have completed any mandatory training and PVG
/ child protection requirements; and
•
respond to and communicate with members regarding your questions, comments,
support needs or complaints, concerns or allegations in relation to the sport
of golf. We will use your personal information to investigate your  complaint,
suspend membership and take disciplinary action where appropriate.
Where
we process your personal information in pursuit of our legitimate interests,
you have the right to object to us using your personal information for the
above purposes.  If you wish to object to
any of the above processing, please contact us on secretary@machgolf.com.  If we agree and comply with your objection,
this may affect our ability to undertake the tasks above for the benefit of you
as a member and may affect your membership.
Why we need your personal information –
legal obligations
We
are under a legal obligation to process certain personal information relating
to our members for the purposes of complying with our obligations under the Protection
of Vulnerable Groups (Scotland) Act 2007 to check that our coaches and
volunteers are able to undertake regulated work with children and vulnerable
adults.
Other uses of your personal information
We
may ask you if we can process your personal information for additional
purposes.  Where we do so, we will
provide you with an additional privacy notice with information on how we will
use your information for these additional purposes.
Who we share your personal information with
We
may be required to share personal information with statutory or regulatory
authorities and organisations to comply with statutory obligations.
Such
organisations include the Health & Safety Executive, Disclosure Scotland,
and Police Scotland for the purposes of safeguarding children.
We
may also share personal information with our professional advisors and legal
advisors for the purposes of taking advice.
As
an affiliated club of Scottish Golf Ltd, we are required to ensure that all of
our members are members of Scottish Golf Ltd, as a condition of
affiliation.  We will share your name and
membership category with Scottish Golf Ltd who will become a controller of your
personal information when they receive it.
Scottish
Golf Ltd privacy notice explains how they use your personal information and can
be accessed here www.scottishgolf.org.
In
the event that we do share personal information with external third parties, we
will only share such personal information strictly required for the specific
purposes and take reasonable steps to ensure that recipients shall only process
the disclosed personal information in accordance with those purposes.
If
you apply to join another golf club and state us as your home or previous club,
we will confirm your membership of Machrihanish Golf Club to them.
How we protect your personal information
Your
personal information is stored in house both electronically and hard copy and
on our service providers systems for membership management and tee time
bookings all of which are subject to the same regulatory processes. Information
is accessed by our authorised staff, club professional and the club
professional’s authorised staff solely for the
purposes set out above.
How long we keep your personal information
We
will only keep your personal information for as long as necessary to provide
you with membership services.  We will
review and possibly delete your personal information where you have not renewed
your membership with us for six years.
CCTV
Please
see Appendix 1
Your rights
You
can exercise any of the following rights by writing to us at secretary@machgolf.com or The
Secretary, The Machrihanish Golf Club, Machrihanish, Campbeltown, PA28 6PT
Your
rights in relation to your personal information are:
•
you have a right to request access to the personal information that we hold
about you by making a “subject access request”;
• if
you believe that any of your personal information is inaccurate or incomplete,
you have a right to request that we correct or complete your personal
information;  you have a right to request that we restrict
the processing of your personal information for specific purposes; and
• if
you wish us to delete your personal information, you may request that we do so.
NB this may affect your membership at the Golf Club.
•
Any requests received by Machrihanish Golf Club will be considered under
applicable data protection legislation.
If you remain dissatisfied, you have a right to raise a complaint with
the Information Commissioner’s Office
Machrihanish
Golf Club reserves the right to update the privacy notice from time to time as required
by statutory legislation.  This will not
affect your statutory privacy rights.
Footer
THE MACHRIHANISH GOLF CLUB
Machrihanish
Campbeltown
Argyll, PA28 6PT
FOLLOW US
USEFUL LINK
Return to Golf Update
Constitution
Privacy Policy
Member Application Form
Junior Application Form
Golf Buggy Use in General Play and Competition Policy
meteoblue