https://www.kilsythlennox.com/data-protection-policy/
Skip to content Skip to primary sidebarGeneral Data Protection Regulations ( effective 25th May 2018) Kilsyth Lennox Golf Club Privacy Notice
What we need
Kilsyth Lennox Golf Club hereinafter referred to as KLGC club will be a “controller” of the personal information that you provide to us in your application package
Members’ personal data:
When you register as a member of KLGC or renew your membership (including if you are registering or renewing on behalf of a child under the age of 16 , we will ask you for the following personal information:
contact details – name, address, email address, date of birth, etc.;
membership category
payment details – bank account number, sort code, card details, etc.];
Why we need your personal information – contractual purposes
We need to collect our members’ personal information so that we can manage your membership.  We will use our members’ personal information to:
provide you with core member services, including, insurance, licensing, voting, etc;
set up your online membership account and administer your account online
send you membership communications by post or email in relation to essential membership services, including but not limited to, general meeting notices , membership renewals, membership fees’ information, etc.; and information on membership benefits
If you do not provide us with all of the personal information that we need to collect then this may affect our ability to offer the above membership services and benefits.
Why we need your personal information – legitimate purposes
We also process our members’ personal information in pursuit of our legitimate interests to:
promote and encourage participation in Golf by sending members’ communications and booking information for upcoming competitions and events. Our competitions and events may be filmed or photographed and your personal information may also be used in images captured from our competitions and events, which we use for promotional, education and development purposes;
provide competition in Golf by accepting and managing entries for our competitions and checking your personal information to ensure you are entered into the correct category;
invite our members as award winners or guests to our annual awards dinner / ceremony, which includes asking our members to nominate individuals for awards and shortlisting such individuals to select the winners, who we will then contact by email;
respond to and communicate with members regarding your questions, comments, support needs or complaints, concerns or allegations in relation to Golf. We will use your personal information to investigate your complaint, to suspend membership, take disciplinary action, etc.
Where we process your personal information in pursuit of our legitimate interests, you have the right to object to us using your personal information for the above purposes. If you wish to object to any of the above processing, please contact us admin@kilsythlennox.com   If we agree and comply with your objection, this may affect our ability to undertake the tasks above for the benefit of you as a member
If we comply with your objection, this may affect our ability to undertake the tasks above for the benefit of you as a volunteer.
Why we need your personal information – legal obligations
We are under a legal obligation to process certain personal information relating to our members for the purposes of complying with our obligations under various statutory regulations as follows :
Charities and Trustee Investment (Scotland) Act 2005 to maintain a register of our members, which includes our members’ name, address, the date they were admitted to membership and the date on which they ceased to be our member and hold general meetings, including issuing notices and voting arrangements
Protection of Vulnerable Groups (Scotland) Act 2007 to check that our coaches and volunteers are able to undertake regulated work with children and vulnerable adults;
Scottish Golf regulatory requirements
Equality Act 2010, which requires us to process personal
Other uses of your personal information
We may ask you if we can process your personal information for additional purposes. Where we do so, we will provide you with an additional privacy notice with information on how we will use your information for these additional purposes.
Who we share your personal information with
If your personal information is included in any images or videos taken by us at our competitions and events, we may share this with Scottish Golf for promotional and/or journalistic purposes.
Also we may be required to share personal information with statutory or regulatory authorities and organisations to comply with statutory obligations. Such organisations include the Health & Safety Executive, Disclosure Scotland, and Police Scotland for the purposes of safeguarding children.
We may also share personal information with our professional and legal advisors for the purposes of taking advice.
KLGC employs third party suppliers to provide services, including Club2000 and BRS Golf ( Part of Golf Now)  Please note that How-Did-I-Do is part of Club 2000. These suppliers may process personal information on our behalf as “processors” and are subject to written contractual conditions to only process that personal information under our instructions and protect it. BRS Golf’s Privacy/Policy  Statement can be found here http://business.golfnow.co.uk/2018/03/23/ . Club 2000’s Privacy/Policy Statement can be found here
[Please note the following statement from GolfNow. GolfNow is part of a larger family of GolfNow companies, some of which are based in the United States and help GolfNow with the provision and management of certain software modules, which your club may have elected to use. We may also at times engage vendors based outside of Europe to help us with the provision of services you have requested. This means that your golfers’ data may be transferred outside of Europe to a “non adequate” country. In order to ensure that your golfers’ data remains protected in the hands of our group companies and vendors, and to allow these transfers to take place legally, we have adopted appropriate cross-border data transfer mechanisms with the recipients. For example, we have entered into the European Commission’s standard contractual clauses for processors with GolfNow in the United States on behalf of our clubs]
In the event that we do share personal information with external third parties, we will only share such personal information strictly required for the specific purposes and take reasonable steps to ensure that recipients shall only process the disclosed personal information in accordance with those purposes.
As a registered member club of Scottish Golf we are required to ensure that all of our members are members of Scottish Golf as a condition of our registration
We will share your name and membership category with Scottish Golf who will become a controller of your personal information when they receive it.
Scottish Golf’s privacy notice explains how they use your personal information and can be accessed here https://www.scottishgolf.org/wp-content/uploads/Scottish-Golf-Privacy-Notice-Club-Volunteers-Players-Members.pdf
We may publish the results of our competitions on our website. This includes competitors’ name, age, & result.
How we protect your personal information
Your personal information is stored on our electronic filing system and our servers  based in the UK, and is accessed by our staff for the purposes set out above.
How long we keep your personal information
We will only keep your personal information for as long as necessary to provide you with membership services. Unless you ask us not to, we will review and possibly delete your personal information where you have not renewed your membership with us for 6 years.
Your rights
You can exercise any of the following rights by writing to us at admin@kilsythlennox.com
Your rights in relation to your personal information are:
you have a right to request access to the personal information that we hold about you by making a “subject access request”;
if you believe that any of your personal information is inaccurate or incomplete, you have a right to request that we correct or complete your personal information;
you have a right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information for specific purposes; and
if you wish us to delete your personal information, you may request that we do so.
Any requests received by KLGC will be considered under applicable data protection legislation.
If you remain dissatisfied, you have a right to raise a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office at www.ico.org.uk
Consent for marketing information
Where you are happy for us to do so we would like to contact you by email with information about Golf, our latest news and upcoming events, competitions and courses.  This permission extends to selected third parties.
You may withdraw this consent at any time and request that we stop sending you email communications by contacting us at admin@kilsythlennox.com There is also a link at the bottom of the communications that we send you allowing you to change your preferences.
Why we need your personal information – marketing.
Where you are happy for us to do so, we would like to contact you by email with information about Golf, our latest news and upcoming events / competitions / courses. This permission also extends to selected third parties. By your signature to the membership package you consent to this.
You may change your preferences at any time or request that we stop sending you email communications by contacting us at admin@kilsythlennox.com . There is also an ‘unsubscribe’ button at the bottom of any marketing email communication we or our selected third parties send
Primary SidebarCourse & Clubhouse News
Follow us on
Reciprocal Golf Click here
2020 Open Competitions on line booking available now - suspended
2020 Fixture list from 27th June on
Speed up play - Ready Golf now in force - click here for details.
Please remember to repair Pitch Marks and replace Divots. Thank you.
Lockers available. Contact Andy at the Club
Click on one of the links to book or download the app from your phone's app store
Member Booking including Competitions
Visitor Booking
Open Competition Bookings suspended
View Tee Time availability
Event Booking
First Tee webcam