http://www.livefootballstreams.co.uk/privacy.php
Privacy Policy & Cookies.
Info
You
should be aware that when you visit our site, we use cookies to collect anonymous data such as visit length, type of device used and referring link (gathered via a hitcounter) as well as other non-identifying info. We also collect the ip address used, however, mask the final IP digits within our tracking software - EG: For the IP 222.2.222.123 the last '123' is not stored, and the IP
is stored privately as 222.2.222.??.
Other than anonymized IP addresses, we do not collect or process any personal identifying info. Therefore you will not be surprised to hear we also do not and cannot pass on, distribute/lease any personal info of visitors to any third party and have no interest in doing so.
So what are cookies?
Cookies
are small lines of text that are downloaded to your pc, mobile or smart device when you visit a site. Your browser sends these cookies back
to the site every time you visit the site again, so it can recognise
you and can then tailor what you see on the screen.
How are the cookies used?
1) We use cookies simply for analytical (tracking total website hits, etc) purposes and do no collect/store any identifying personal info about any users. IP addresses are collected but are not linked to any individual. Other info gathered: device type (mobile/pc), visit length, pages visited, time of visit, screen resolution.
2) Links to external pages (such as unibet or other bookmakers) may contain what is known as affiliate-tracking. These numbers allow our partners to track commissions due when users click through. No personal or identifying info is given to us in this process.
3) For external websites, please contact them directly or see their own privacy policy for how they will process and/or store your data.
Analytics
We
like to keep track of what pages and links are popular and which ones
don't get used very much to help us keep our sites relevant and up to
date. It's also very useful to be able to identify trends of how people
navigate our site and if they get any 'error
messages' from web pages. We do this via an external service @ http://statcounter.com. The cookie is titled PHPSESSID with an anonymous content number added to the content field.
Statcounter: "Statcounter is an anonymous web tracking service. We don't attempt to
identify an individual person . Our focus is on what visitors to your
website do, not who that visitor is"
This group of cookies, often called
'analytics cookies' are used to gather this information. These cookies
don't collect information that identifies you personally. The information collected
is anonymous and is grouped with the information from everyone else’s
cookies. We can then see the overall patterns of usage rather than any
one person’s activity. Analytics cookies only record activity on the
site you are on and they are only used to improve how a website works.
IP addresses may be collected, however, we cannot identify the user behind the IP with such information and we have also chosen to completely mask the final
digits of all IPs within the tracking client.
Affiliate Tracking Cookies and why we use it.
To gain credit and commission for sending customers through ads, a unique number is added to the site domain that credits us with sending any particular user who has clicked through a link.
You can block or opt out of cookies on all or single websites, however, this must be done on each individual device you own that will be used for access (pc, laptop etc).
Managing cookies in your browser
Most modern browsers will allow you to:
•
See what cookies you've got and delete them on an individual basis.
•
Block third party cookies.
•
Block all cookies from being set.
•
Delete all cookies when you close your browser.
Google Chrome
http://support.google.com/chrome/bin/answer.py?hl=en&answer=95647
Firefox
http://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/Cookies
Safari
https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411?locale=en_GB
Safari iOS
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201265
Android
http://support.google.com/chrome/answer/2392971?hl=en-GB
Internet Explorer
http://support.microsoft.com/kb/
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your experience on our site is secure. In
order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place
strong physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard
and secure the site.
Future Updates
Our data protection officer will regularly check/review the processes and update our policy if any changes are made. We will list a notice on the front page of the site to outline any changes, but it is always advisable to check back to this page regularly for the latest info regarding your privacy and our use of cookies.
Further Info:
For any further info please click here
Return to the main site here.
© LiveFootballStreams.co.uk: