http://www.clitheroegolfclub.com/privacy_policy
More
Clitheroe Golf Club
01200 422 292
secretary@clitheroegolfclub.com
Clitheroe Golf club
login
Menu
HomeLogin OpensTHE CLUBClubFunctionsCateringConferencesChristmasHistoryOfficials COURSECourse TourEcology & Wildlife Ecology & Wildlife 2020 VISITORSVisitors WelcomeGreen FeesVisitor Tee BookingVisiting Parties SocietiesT&C for Visiting Parties Dress CodeBuggy Policy DocumentPace of Play PolicyHealth & SafetyAdult & Child Safeguarding Policies
OPEN COMPSOpen EventsOpen Results MEMBERSHIPMembership OverviewCorporate MembershipMembership CategoriesMember BenefitsJunior Membership CONTACTSPONSORS BOOKINGLOGIN
Privacy Policy
This policy applies to the general operation of Clitheroe Golf Club (hereinafter referred to as ‘the Club’) and to the processing of personal information by the Club. Any references made in this policy to ‘you’ or ‘your’ refers to you, the Member, Employee or Visitor to the Club or User of our Website (
www.clitheroegolfclub.com
).
The Club is committed to respecting and protecting the personal information you share with us. This policy will describe how we collect and use your personal information.
When you join the Club as a Member, make a tee reservation or enter an open competition, we collect only the information required to be able to fulfil our contractual obligations with you. These include, but are not limited to, being able to contact you regarding: your subscription renewal notice, AGM/SGM notices, your booking confirmation, administration of competitions at the Club and so on. This information is collected via written application forms, via online/email enquiries or via telephone. The personal information we collect from you as a result of our communications with you or your interaction with our Club website may include:
Your name
Your phone number
Your email address
Your postal address
Your bank details
With your permission, we may also collect further information which allows us to contact you regarding events and offers at the Club.
When you join the Club as a Member, make a tee reservation or enter an open competition, we may share your information with external and internal data processors in order to provide our services to you. We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to ensure you data is protected. Your personal data is controlled internally by the Club’s Data Controller (The Secretary) who adheres to the Golf Club’s internal data protection policies and procedures.
We keep information on you as long as our contractual obligations with you remain in place. We also take into account our need to meet any legal, statutory and regulatory obligations. These reasons can vary from one piece of information to the next. In all cases our need to use your personal information will be reassessed on a regular basis and information that is no longer needed will be disposed of.
You may however have ‘opted-in’ to allow us to continue to hold your data for longer. You will be able to ‘opt-out’ of these situations at any time.
We will keep personal information about you confidential. We will only disclose your information with third parties with your expressed consent. We do not transfer your personal information to International third parties.
You may have opted in for us to be able to correspond with you regarding our activities including events, course updates and competitions by way of email or phone. We don’t share your data with external marketing companies who would contact you for this purpose. If you have consented to this correspondence, you can opt out at any time.
Images and/video captured by our CCTV cameras are held securely on an encrypted server, accessible only by the management of the Golf Club. We do not share or use these images/videos unless otherwise required in events of security breaches or by law.
We use PDQ machines provided by our preferred supplier to facilitate card machines at our Club. When taking payments over the phone or via email, we will ask you for the following information: the 14-digit number on the front of your card, the card’s expiry date, the card’s 3-digit security code, the house number and the numbers of the postal code that the card is registered to. Once the transaction is complete all this information will be destroyed except for the 14-digit number and expiry date which are stored for 6 months in line with the Card Machine Provider’s Policy. This information will be stored at the Club in a secure and confidential manner.
There may be links from our website to other websites. This policy applies to our website only. We do not control those third-party websites or their content and we are not responsible or liable for any problems or losses caused by or relating to those websites. The Club encourages you to review all policies and conditions of each website that you visit.
You have the right to request a copy of the information we hold about you. If you would like a copy of this information, please email us at
secretary@clitheroegolfclub.com
or write to the Club’s Data Controller on the address below. This will be provided to you in a portable, machine readable commonly used format.
You have the right not to be subject to profiling, automated decision making about your interests, and also, the right to object to us collecting or storing information you feel is unnecessary.
We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date, therefore you may ask us to correct or erase information that you believe to be inaccurate.
We keep our privacy policy under regular review and will place any updates on our website.
If you have any questions or queries relating to this policy, please email
secretary@clitheroegolfclub.com
or write to us at Clitheroe Golf Club, Whalley Road, Pendleton, Clitheroe. BB7 1PP
Created by intelligentgolf version 10.1.2.
Clitheroe Golf Club
Whalley Road, Clitheroe, Lancashire BB7 1PP
01200 422 292
secretary@clitheroegolfclub.com
Facebook
Twitter
Copyright © 2020 Clitheroe Golf Club. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy