http://www.westminstercollege.edu/academics/registrars-office/privacy-policy-ferpa
FERPA
Home
Academics
Registrars Office
FERPA
In This Site
Toggle navigationIn This Site
Academic Calendar
Academic Catalog
Apostilles
Apply for a Leave of Absence
Apply for Graduation
Declare Your Major
First-Year Student Advanced Standing Credit
Forms
Our Team
Petition for Tuition and Record Change
Preferred Names
Privacy Policy (FERPA)
Register for Classes
Request a Transcript
Request for Credit/No Credit Option
Transfer Credit
Withdrawal Request
Jump to a section by tapping a link below.
What is FERPA?
Definitions
The Right to Inspect and Review Educational Records
The Right to Amend Education Records
The Right to Control Access to Educational Records
Filing a Complaint Related to FERPA
Questions
What is FERPA?
The Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) is a federal law regarding the
privacy of student records which identifies the obligations of educational institutions,
primarily in the areas of release of and access to these records. Any educational
institution that receives funds under any program administered by the U.S. Secretary
of Education is bound by FERPA requirements. Institutions that fail to comply with
FERPA may have funds administered by the Secretary of Education withheld. FERPA is
intended to ensure students have: the right to inspect and review their education
records, the right to amend their education records as appropriate, and the right
to control access to their educational records which are maintained by an educational
institution.
In compliance with FERPA, Westminster College has adopted the following Education
Records Privacy Policy to protect the privacy of education records maintained by the
institution. The Education Records Privacy Policy will be published annually in the
Student Handbook and may be amended from time to time to conform to any changes in
the governing law. Students will be informed of this policy and any amendments through
their Westminster College email account. In addition, the policy will reside on the Westminster College website.
Back to top
Definitions
Student
The word "student" applies to all individuals attending the institution and includes
those enrolled in continuing education, individuals auditing courses, and people participating
in distance learning educational experiences.
In attendance
Westminster College defines "in attendance" as "students who are enrolled to take
classes as of the first day of classes for a given term." Prospective students or
applicants, are not considered "in attendance" at the time they apply or even if they
pre-register for classes.
School official
A "school official" is any person employed by the college in an administrative, supervisory,
academic, research or support staff position, a person elected to the Board of Trustees,
a student serving on an official college committee, or a person employed by or under
contract to the college to perform a specific task.
Legitimate educational interest
A school official is considered to have a "legitimate educational interest" whenever
he or she is performing a task that is specified in his or her position, description,
or by a contract agreement; performing a task related to a student's education; performing
a task related to the discipline of a student; providing a service or benefit relating
to the student or student's family (such as health care, counseling, job placement,
food services, or financial aid); or disclosing of information in response to a judicial
order or legally issued subpoena. (NOTE: At Westminster College all subpoenas are
first reviewed by the Office of General Counsel.)
Education record
"Education records" are defined as records, files, documents, and other materials
in handwriting, print, tape, film, electronic, or other media that contain information
that are directly related to a student and are maintained by Westminster College,
or by a party acting for the college.
Directory information
a subset of educational records defined by FERPA as "…information contained in an
education record of a student which would not generally be considered harmful or an
invasion of privacy if disclosed."
Education records do not include
Sole possession records—i.e., records/notes in sole possession of the maker, used
only as a personal memory aid and not revealed or accessible to any other person except
a temporary substitute for the maker of the record. (Personal possession records might
include notes an instructor makes while providing career/professional guidance to
a student);
Medical treatment records—includes but are not limited to records maintained by physicians,
psychiatrists, psychologists and social workers;
Employment records—records other than student worker records i.e. a record of an individual
whose employment is not contingent on the fact that he or she is a student, provided
the record is used only in relation to the student's employment;
Law enforcement records—created and maintained by Westminster's Campus Security Office
for safety and policy enforcement considerations. Such records are not given to other
officials of Westminster College but may be given to other public safety agencies
for law enforcement purposes;
Alumni records—post-attendance records, i.e., information about a person that was
obtained when the person was no longer a student and do not relate to the person as
a student. This would include annual giving reports and private donations;
Parent's financial records—Students do not have the right to inspect financial information
submitted by or about their parents unless this information is part of a student aid
application form, which the student has signed;
Records containing information about more than one student (however, the institution
must permit access to that part of the records which pertains only to the inquiring
student);
Back to top
The Right to Inspect and Review Educational Records
Where to Find Education Records
The College holds various types of education records in various locations on campus.
The records and their typical locations are as follows:
Types of Records
Location of Records
Custodian of Records
Academic Records (includes all undergraduate and graduate Admissions records except
those programs with separate Admissions procedures below)
Office of the Registrar, Bamberger Hall Second Floor
Registrar
Admissions—Nursing
School of Nursing, Health, Wellness, and Athletics Center Third Floor
Dean of the School of Nursing and Health Sciences
Admissions—Education
School of Education, Malouf Hall First Floor
Dean of the School of Education
Career Center and Internship Records
Career Center inShaw Student Center
Director of Career Services
Disciplinary and Student Conduct Records
Student Life inShaw Student Center
Dean of Students
Financial Aid Records
Financial Aid Office, Bamberger Hall Second Floor
Director of Financial Aid
Disability Records
Disability Center, Giovale Library
Director of Disability Services
Student Tuition Account Records
Accounts Receivable Office, Bamberger Hall First Floor
Accounts Receivable Manager
Procedure to Inspect and Review Education Records
Students may inspect and review their education records upon request to the appropriate
records custodian (see above). Students should submit their request in writing. The
request should identify, as precisely as possible, the records they wish to inspect.
The custodian will make the needed arrangements for access as promptly as possible
and will notify the student of the time and place where the records may be inspected.
If the college is unable to locate the requested records, it must notify the student
within 45 days and explain what efforts have been made to locate the records in question
and what, if any, additional action will be taken in an effort to locate them. Access
to records in the College’s possession must be granted within 45 days after the receipt
of the written request except as noted below.
Right of the College to Refuse Access
Under FERPA policy, Westminster College reserves the right to refuse to permit a student
to inspect the following records:
The financial statement(s) of the student's parents.
Letters and statements of recommendation for which the student has waived his or her
right of access.
Records connected with an application to attend Westminster College if that application
was denied.
Education records containing information about more than one student, in which case
Westminster will permit access only to that part of the record which pertains to the
inquiring student.
Those records which are excluded from the FERPA definition of education records.
Right of the College to Refuse to Provide Copies
Westminster College reserves the right to deny copies of multiple educational records
including transcripts if the following conditions apply:
The student has unpaid financial obligations to the College.
There is an unresolved disciplinary or academic dishonesty action against the student.
The student lives within commuting distance of Westminster and the request is for
documents other than the official transcript (student can physically come and inspect
records).
The education record requested is an exam or set of standardized test questions.
Back to top
The Right to Amend Education Records
If students believe that any information contained in their education records is inaccurate,
misleading or in violation of their privacy rights, they may request in writing that
the office which contains those records amend them.
Procedures for Amending Records
A student must submit a request in writing to the appropriate Westminster College
official or records custodian, specifying the part of the record to be amended and
indicating clearly why he or she believes it is inaccurate, misleading or in violation
of his or her privacy rights.
Westminster College has the right to comply or not comply with the request. The college
official will inform the student in writing of the decision, normally within five
work days. The decision will include a summary of the information presented and reasons
for the decision.
If the decision is not to amend the record, the student has the right of appeal by
hearing. Students must make the request for a formal hearing in writing to the college
Provost within five school days of the denial. The Provost will then appoint a hearing
officer and inform the student of the date, place, and time of his or her hearing,
normally within ten school days. At the hearing, the student may present evidence
relevant to the issues raised and may be assisted or represented by one or more persons
of his or her choice.
Decisions of the hearing officer are considered final by the college and will be rendered
in writing to all relevant parties. If the decision is to amend the records based
on the evidence presented by the student, then the records will be amended by the
appropriate college official and students will be so informed. If the decision is
not to amend the record, students have the right to place in the education record
a statement commenting on the challenged information and/or stating the reasons for
disagreeing with the decision. This statement will be maintained as part of the education
record as long as the contested portion is maintained, and whenever a copy of the
education record is sent to any party, the student's statement will be included.
Back to top
The Right to Control Access to Educational Records
Westminster College requires each record-keeping office to establish and maintain
procedures and practices that will uphold the principles of confidentiality described
in this policy.
Disclosure of Education Records or Release of Records Without Consent
Westminster College will disclose information from a student's education records only
with the written consent of the student, except in the following cases:
To the Student
To anyone if the college has obtained the prior written consent of the student
To school officials who have a legitimate educational interest in the records (See
previous definitions).
To officials from other colleges or universities in which a student seeks or intends
to enroll.
To certain officials of the U.S. Department of Education, the Comptroller General,
and state and local educational authorities, and Department of Veterans Affairs in
connection with certain state or federally supported education or assistance programs.
To agencies or individuals requesting information in connection with a student's application
for, or receipt of, financial aid, as necessary to determine the eligibility, amount,
or conditions of the financial aid, or to enforce the terms and conditions of the
aid.
To agents acting on behalf of the institution (e.g., clearinghouses, degree/enrollment
verifiers).
To organizations conducting certain studies for or on behalf of the College.
To accrediting organizations to carry out their functions.
To parents who claim the student as a dependent for income tax purposes.
To parents/legal guardians when their children (under age 21) are found to have violated
the alcohol or drug policy of the institution (Warner Amendment).
To comply with a judicial order or a lawfully issued subpoena. At Westminster College,
all subpoenas are first reviewed by the Office of General Counsel.
To an alleged victim of any crime of violence or the results of a disciplinary action
regarding the alleged perpetrator of that crime with respect to that crime.
To anyone requesting the final results of a disciplinary hearing against an alleged
perpetrator of a crime of violence or non-forcible sex offense (Foley Amendment).
To the Immigration and Naturalization Service (INS) for purposes of the Coordinated
Interagency Partnership Regulating International Students.
To military recruiters who request "Student Recruiting Information" for recruiting
purposes only (Solomon Amendment).
To the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) for purposes of complying with the Taxpayer
Relief Act of 1997.
To appropriate parties to protect the health and safety of students and other persons
or to assist in resolving an emergency.
To anyone in response to requests for directory information (see below).
Directory Information
Westminster College is authorized under provisions of FERPA to define certain information
called "directory information" and release such information without the student's
written consent. Westminster takes great care when providing any information about
students and takes a very conservative approach. For example, we do not sell student
directories on campus or provide student directories to third parties such as credit
card companies or other solicitors. We do not give information over the phone if there
does not appear to be a legitimate educational interest on the part of the individual
calling. As a matter of practice, we do not release information to parents unless
the student is listed as a dependent under IRS tax code.
Westminster currently defines "directory information" to mean the following:
Student name, address, email, and telephone number(s)
Student ID
Hometown of students and parents
Class standing (senior, junior, etc)
Enrollment status (full or part time) and current status
Major field of study
Degrees and/or certificates earned including conferral dates
Dates of attendance
Names of previous institutions attended
Awards and honors
Participation in officially recognized co-curricular activities
Height and weight of members of athletic teams as required by the sport
Photograph*
Expected date of graduation
Age
*Use of Student Photographs
Photographers employed or contracted by the college regularly take photographs of
students to illustrate or describe various aspects of the college and campus life.
These photographs will be taken at public venues such as athletic events and concerts
and/or in other organized campus photo shoots where the subjects will have given verbal
consent to be photographed. Individuals who are photographed while attending a public
event or who verbally agree to participate in a photo shoot will be understood to
have authorized Westminster to use their likeness in print and electronic materials
to promote the college. The college will retain the usage rights to the photographs
in perpetuity.
How is Directory Information Typically Used?
As stated previously, Westminster College practices caution with the release of any
information related to students and their educational records. For example, despite
trends to the contrary at other institutions, we still require a student's signature
to release transcripts to anyone. There are cases, however, where release of information
without consent is common practice. Here are some examples:
The Psychology department wants to send a mailing to all Social Science and Psychology
majors to advertise an event coming up on campus.
The Office of Communications wants to send information about those who have made the
Dean's List to hometown newspapers.
An outside agency wants to offer a fantastic scholarship opportunity to Nursing students.
Graduating seniors would like their name in the commencement program.
Examples of Requests for Information that Would Not Be Granted:
A credit card company wants a directory of all our students so they can push their
credit cards.
A local business wants student email addresses so they can solicit business via email.
A man appears in the Registrar's Office claiming to be a student's landlord, or uncle,
or a friend and wants to know what class the student is attending right now so he
can find the student.
Someone calls the Registrar's Office and wants us to give identifying information
such as birth date and Social Security information for a student to them over the
phone.
Restricting the Release of Directory Information
According to FERPA, a currently enrolled student can request that the institution
not release any directory information about him/her and the institution must comply
with the request. To restrict the release of information, written notification must
be returned to the Office of the Registrar at: Westminster College/Registrar's Office;
1840 South 1300 East; Salt Lake City, UT 84105. Directory Information will then be
withheld indefinitely until the Office of the Registrar receives in writing a revocation
of the request for nondisclosure.
Students who wish to restrict directory information should realize that their names
will not appear in the commencement program, on the published (campus only) Dean's
list, and other university publications. Also, employers, loan agencies, scholarship
committees and the like will be denied any of the student's directory information.
Usually, it is to the student's advantage to have information related to their education
available to these important constituents.
Back to top
Filing a Complaint Related to FERPA
Students have the right to file a complaint with the Compliance Office, U.S. Department
of Education, 400 Maryland Avenue SW, Washington, D.C., 20202-4605.
Back to top
Questions
Questions related to our Educational Records Policy should be directed to the Office
of the Registrar at (801)832-2180.
Back to top
©