http://www.racestud.com/policy.htm
Oh/Pa
Sprint
Oh/Pa
Stock
Classifieds
Eldora
Limaland
Waynesfield
Fremont
Toledo
Attica
Columbus
Montpelier
Stock
Late
Models
Modifieds
NASCAR
Sprints
Our
Online Partner
Sprintcarnews.com
Ohio/Pennsylvania
Sprint Car Racing
Drivers
Photo
Gallery
Private
Policy
Contact
Advertising
Privacy
Racestud takes your privacy seriously.
Racestud receives and records information on our server logs from your
browser regarding your IP address. This information is only used to generate
statistics regarding the general usuage of our site (traffic, demographics,
hits) for the purpose of attracting advertising. Racestud will not sell or share
your personally identifiable information to anyone.
Your browser has the ability to use "cookies" which, unless you
disable their use, store small amounts of data on your computer about your visit
to various web sites. Message Boards used on our site use cookies. We use this
data to tailor our visitor's experience at our site, displaying the content
according to their preferences. None of this information is sold or shared with
third parties. Please remember that any information that is disclosed on the
message boards becomes public information and you should exercise caution when
deciding to disclose your personal information.
Our message boards ask visitors for contact information (like their email
address), demographic and profile data. The customer's contact information is
used to contact the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving
future mailings. None of this information is sold or shared with third parties.
Banner ads displayed through advertising brokers on our pages may elect to
use cookies to prevent the same ad being displayed too many times to the same
user, or to identify Racestud.com as the site responsible for a
"click-through" for an advertiser. However, cookies can not reveal any
personal information about you. None of this information is available to
Racestud.com, and therefore is not sold or shared with third parties.
We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous
information when you visit our web site. These companies may use non-personally
identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and
date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to
this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and
services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use
a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more
about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of
advertising, you can visit www.networkadvertising.org.
This site contains links to other sites. Racestud.com is not responsible for
the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Privacy for Children Aged 12 and Under
You must be aged 13 to register for a Racestud.com user account.
Any questions regarding the privacy policy you can contact us using our
contact form
Copyright Racestud.com - All rights reserved.