http://www.eevb.net/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy | East End Volleyball
East End Volleyball
Home
Leagues
Atlantic City AVP America 4 & 6-player Championships: 9/19/20
How to Register
North Hempstead Beach leagues
Pt. Lookout Town Park
Centereach Park: Brookhaven Town
Long Beach
Hampton Bays / Tiana Beach
Winter leagues
Cedar Beach
League Manual
E. Islip Sideout VB
Endless Summer Indoor Leagues
Tournaments
Schedule
Results
Info By Site
Grand Prix
Prize Money
Rules / Procedures
Florida Sea Turtle Program
Voucher Program
Clinics
Pre-Registered Teams
East End Volleyball History
Junior
Long Beach Junior Program
Junior Girls 6s Leagues
EEVB Junior Clinic Program
Centereach Junior Program
Tournaments
Clinics
Coaching Available
EEVB Fashions
Email List
Menu
Our Sponsors
Bulletin Board
youtubeNo items [Check here why]Visit channel EEVB
twitter
facebook
google plus
youtube
Tweets by @eevb
East End Volleyball
» Privacy Policy Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices on how your information is collected and used at this East End Volleyball site (the “Policy”).
Before you submit any information on this site, please read this Policy for an explanation of how we will treat your personal information. By using this East End Volleyball site you consent to the collection and use of your personal information as outlined in this Policy.
Your use of any part of any East End Volleyball site indicates your acceptance of this Policy and of the collection and use of your personal information in accordance with this Policy.
East End Volleyball sites do not knowingly solicit any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. In addition, East End Volleyball sites do not knowingly obtain, retain or use information from anyone who indicates that they are under the age of 13. Accordingly, children under the age of 13 may be restricted from participating in certain features and transactions on East End Volleyball sites. All East End Volleyball Websites strictly adhere to Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 or COPPA.
Privacy Policy
1.	The Information We Collect
On this site you can register for a user account, order products, vote in polls or otherwise express an opinion, or participate in one of our online forums or communities. The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected at these pages include: name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, and fax number.
We also may collect certain non-personally identifiable information when you visit many of our web pages such as the type of browser you are using (e.g., Internet Explorer, Chrome, Safari, Firefox), the type of operating system you are using, (e.g., Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7, Windows 8, or Mac OS) and the domain name of your Internet service provider.
2.	How We Use the Information
Information is stored securely in a database and is accessible only by approved employees and/or contractors of EEVB. The information we collect in connection with our online forums and communities is used to provide an interactive experience. We use this information to facilitate participation in these online forums and communities.
We sometimes use the non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve the design and content of our site and to enable us to personalize your Internet experience. We also may use this information in the aggregate to analyze site usage. We will disclose information we maintain when required to do so by law, for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena. We also may disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency’s request.
Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information, we cannot assure you that personally identifiable information that we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Notice. Inadvertent disclosures may result, for example, when third parties misrepresent their identities in asking the site for access to personally identifiable information about themselves for purposes of correcting possible factual errors in the data.
3.	With Whom the Information May Be Shared.
Your information also may be provided to an entity that acquires all or any part of any of the East End Volleyball companies’ assets or in a merger or acquisition. Further, we may disclose information to law enforcement or other government officials and if asked to disclose it by subpoena, court order or other legal process.
While East End Volleyball is careful in choosing its sponsors and advertisers, we are only responsible for content on our own sites and for use of your personally identifiable information by us. All third parties associated with East End Volleyball (including, but not limited to, advertisers, sponsors and other Internet sites) with whom we share information have independent privacy and data collection practices. We encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website that you visit. East End Volleyball cannot control this collection of information and cannot be responsible or liable for the policies or actions of third parties.
4.	Collection of Information by Third Party Sites and Sponsors
Our sites contains links to other sites whose information practices may be different than ours. Visitors should consult the other sites’ privacy notices, as we have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties. We may sometimes offer contests, sweepstakes, or promotions that are sponsored by or co-sponsored with identified third parties. By virtue of their sponsorship, these third parties may obtain personally identifiable information that visitors/entrants voluntarily submit to participate in the contest, sweepstakes, or promotion. We have no control over the third party sponsors’ use of this information.
5.	Third Party Advertising and Sites
We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our web site. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising for some companies, you can visit http://www.networkadvertising.org and http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.
The Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) is a self-regulatory initiative tasked with helping advertisers and publishers develop and maintain industry standards and best practices, and as part of this has developed an opt-out mechanism for website visitors who do not wish to be tracked by several advertisers.
6.	Right to Deliver and Send Commercial Messages
You agree to receive commercial messages from East End Volleyball or any third party chosen by East End Volleyball (thereafter East End Volleyball Commercial partners) on any device you use to access and operate East End Volleyball products and services and which may be based on characteristics derived from information explicitly or implicitly provided by you, such as your location, to East End Volleyball and which will be treated according to our Privacy Policy.
Commercial messages are messages sent on your East End Volleyball account or email address for commercial purposes for East End Volleyball or East End Volleyball Commercial partners’ products and services. Commercial messages sent by East End Volleyball or East End Volleyball Commercial partners to your email address will include a one click opt-out option.
7.	Cookies
To enhance your experience with our sites, many of our web pages use “cookies.” Cookies are text files we place in your computer’s browser to store your preferences. These Cookies do not tell us your e-mail address or other personally identifiable information unless you choose to provide this information to us by, for example, registering with us.
We use cookies to understand site usage and to improve the content and offerings on our sites. For example, we may use cookies to personalize your experience at our web pages (e.g., to recognize you by name when you return to our site), save your password in password-protected areas, and enable you to use shopping carts on our sites.
8.	Our Commitment to Security
We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the information we collect online.
9.	How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about the East End Volleyball online policy for this site or its implementation you may contact us at (631) 728-0397 or at eevb@i-2000.com.
10.	Online Registration
When asked to submit personal billing information, it is important to know that this information is used only for payment processing verification. East End Volleyball does not distribute sell or otherwise exploit this information in any way. For security reasons complete credit card numbers are never saved or stored.
11.	Updates
From time to time, we may update this privacy notice. We will note the date the Policy was changed at either the top or bottom of the Policy, to keep you informed of when updates occur. We encourage you to periodically check back and review this policy so that you always will know what information we collect, how we use it, and to whom we disclose it.
LAST UPDATED: April 21, 2015
© East End Volleyball, 2015. All Rights Reserved. Use of this site signifies your acceptance of this Privacy Policy.
contact information
+1-631-355-1293
eevb@optonline.net
Box 49, Hampton Bays NY 11946
Copyright © 2018 East End Volleyball. All Rights Reserved | Website by
Home
Links
EEVB History
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Contact Us