http://www.xterraplanet.com/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Last updated August 17, 2018
XTERRA SPORTS UNLIMITED, LLC (“we” or “us” or “our”) respects the privacy of our users (“user” or “you”). This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, disclose, and safeguard your information when you visit our website, XTERRAPLANET.COM, including any other media form, media channel, mobile website, or mobile application related or connected thereto (collectively, the “Site”). Please read this privacy policy carefully. By visiting our Site, you are accepting the practices described in this Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Policy, please do not use the Site.
CONTENTS
COLLECTION OF YOUR INFORMATION
USE OF YOUR INFORMATION
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
COOKIES, ADVERTISING AND ANALYTICS
THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION
POLICY FOR CHILDREN
CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES
OPTIONS REGARDING YOUR INFORMATION
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
RESIDENTS OR EUROPEAN UNION AND SWITZERLAND
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
CONTACT US
COLLECTION OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may collect information about you in a variety of ways. The information we may collect on the Site includes:
Personal Data
Personally identifiable information, such as your name, shipping address, email address, and telephone number, and demographic information, such as your age, gender, hometown, and interests, that you voluntarily give to us when you register with the Site, or when you choose to participate in various activities related to the Site, such as online chat and message boards. You are under no obligation to provide us with personal information of any kind, however your refusal to do so may prevent you from using certain features of the Site.
Derivative Data
Information our servers automatically collect when you access the Site, such as your IP address, your browser type, your operating system, your access times, and the pages you have viewed directly before and after accessing the Site.
Financial Data
Financial information, such as data related to your payment method (e.g., valid credit card number, card brand, expiration date) that we may collect when you purchase, order, return, exchange, or request information about our services from the Site.
Facebook Permissions
The Site may access your Facebook basic account information, including your name, email, gender, birthday, current city, and profile picture URL, as well as other information that you choose to make public. We may also request access to other permissions related to your account, such as friends, check-ins, and likes, and you may choose to grant or deny us access to each individual permission. For more information regarding Facebook permissions, refer to the Facebook Permissions Reference page.
Data From Social Networks
User information from social networking sites, such as Facebook, Google+, Instagram, Pinterest, Twitter, including your name, your social network username, location, gender, birth date, email address, profile picture, and public data for contacts, if you connect your account to such social networks.
Mobile Device Data
Device information, such as your mobile device ID, model, and manufacturer, if you access the Site from a mobile device.
Third-Party Data
Information from third parties, such as personal information or network friends, if you connect your account to the third party and grant the Site permission to access this information.
Data From Contests, Giveaways, and Surveys
Personal and other information you may provide when entering contests or giveaways and/or responding to surveys.
USE OF YOUR INFORMATION
Having accurate information about you permits us to provide you with a smooth, efficient, and customized experience. Specifically, we may use information collected about you via the Site to:
Administer sweepstakes, promotions, and contests.
Assist law enforcement and respond to subpoenas and other legal processes.
Compile anonymous statistical data and analysis for use internally or with third parties.
Create and manage your account.
Deliver targeted advertising, coupons, newsletters, and other information regarding promotions and the Site to you.
Email you regarding your account or order.
Enable user-to-user communications.
Fulfill and manage purchases, orders, payments, and other transactions related to the Site.
Generate a personal profile about you to make future visits to the Site more personalized.
Increase the efficiency and operation of the Site.
Monitor and analyze usage and trends to improve your experience with the Site.
Notify you of updates to the Sites.
Offer new products, services, and/or recommendations to you.
Perform other business activities as needed.
Prevent fraudulent transactions, monitor against theft, and protect against criminal activity.
Process payments and refunds.
Request feedback and contact you about your use of the Site.
Resolve disputes and troubleshoot problems.
Respond to product and customer service requests.
Send you a newsletter.
Solicit support for the Site.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may share information we have collected about you in certain situations. Your information may be disclosed as follows:
By Law or to Protect Rights
If we believe the release of information about you is necessary to respond to legal process, to investigate or remedy potential violations of our policies, or to protect the rights, property, and safety of others, we may share your information as permitted or required by any applicable law, rule, or regulation. This includes exchanging information with other entities for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Third-Party Service Providers
We may share your information with third parties that perform services for us or on our behalf, including payment processing, data analysis, email delivery, hosting services, customer service, and marketing assistance.
Marketing Communications
With your consent, or with an opportunity for you to withdraw consent, we may share your information with third parties for marketing purposes, as permitted by law.
Interactions with Other Users
If you interact with other users of the Site, those users may see your name, profile photo, and descriptions of your activity, including sending invitations to other users, chatting with other users, liking posts, following blogs.
Online Postings
When you post comments, contributions or other content to the Site, your posts may be viewed by all users and may be publicly distributed outside the Site in perpetuity.
Contractors, Consultants, and Service Providers
We may share your information with our contractors, consultants, and service providers who process your information on our behalf to perform certain business-related functions and may be located wherever we operate. These companies may include, but are not limited to, marketing agencies, database service providers, backup and disaster recovery service providers, email service providers, and others. When we engage another company to perform such business-related functions that may require access to your information, these companies will agree to maintain the confidentiality, security, and integrity of such information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Access to information that these companies receive will be limited to only information needed to successfully complete the business-related function they have been engaged by us for unless you expressly permit them to use your information for other purposes.
Race and Event Organizers
When you register for an race or event through an event page or through a page on our Site, we provide the information entered on the applicable page to the event organizer. If an event has a charity fundraising component to it, your information may be provided to that charity as well. An event organizer may appoint a third party, which may or may not be affiliated with the event organizer, to create an event page on its behalf, in which case, that third party may also have access to your information. By using our Site to register for an event, you agree that we are not responsible for the actions of these event organizers or third parties they use with regards to your information. It is important that you review the applicable privacy policies of the event organizers, and if applicable, their appointed third parties, before providing information in connection with an event.
Third-Party Advertisers
We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the Site. These companies may use information about your visits to the Site and other websites that are contained in web cookies in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
Affiliates
We may share your information with our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. Affiliates include our parent company and any subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that we control or that are under common control with us.
Business Partners
We may share your information with our business partners to offer you certain products, services or promotions.
Social Media Contacts
If you connect to the Site through a social network, your contacts on the social network will see your name, profile photo, and descriptions of your activity.
Other Third Parties
We may share your information with advertisers and investors for the purpose of conducting general business analysis. We may also share your information with such third parties for marketing purposes, as permitted by law.
COOKIES, ADVERTISING AND ANALYTICS
Cookies and Web Beacons
We may use cookies, web beacons, tracking pixels, and other tracking technologies on the Site to help customize the Site and improve your experience. When you access the Site, your personal information is not collected through the use of tracking technology. Most browsers are set to accept cookies by default. You can remove or reject cookies, but be aware that such action could affect the availability and functionality of the Site. You may not decline web beacons. However, they can be rendered ineffective by declining all cookies or by modifying your web browser’s settings to notify you each time a cookie is tendered, permitting you to accept or decline cookies on an individual basis.
Internet-Based Advertising
Additionally, we may use third-party software to serve ads on the Site, implement email marketing campaigns, and manage other interactive marketing initiatives. This third-party software may use cookies or similar tracking technology to help manage and optimize your online experience with us. For more information about opting-out of interest-based ads, visit the Network Advertising Initiative Opt-Out Tool or Digital Advertising Alliance Opt-Out Tool.
Website Analytics
We may also partner with selected third-party vendors, such as Google Analytics, to allow tracking technologies and remarketing services on the Site through the use of first party cookies and third-party cookies, to, among other things, analyze and track users’ use of the Site, determine the popularity of certain content and better understand online activity. By accessing the Site, you consent to the collection and use of your information by these third-party vendors. You are encouraged to review their privacy policies and contact them directly for responses to your questions. We do not transfer personal information to these third-party vendors. However, if you do not want any information to be collected and used by tracking technologies, you can visit the third-party vendor or the Network Advertising Initiative Opt-Out Tool or Digital Advertising Alliance Opt-Out Tool.
You should be aware that getting a new computer, installing a new browser, upgrading an existing browser, or erasing or otherwise altering your browser’s cookies files may also clear certain opt-out cookies, plug-ins, or settings.
THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES
The Site may contain links to third-party websites and applications of interest, including advertisements and external services, that are not affiliated with us. Once you have used these links to leave the Site, any information you provide to these third parties is not covered by this Privacy Policy, and we cannot guarantee the safety and privacy of your information. Before visiting and providing any information to any third-party websites, you should inform yourself of the privacy policies and practices (if any) of the third party responsible for that website, and should take those steps necessary to, in your discretion, protect the privacy of your information. We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of any third parties, including other sites, services or applications that may be linked to or from the Site.
SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION
We use administrative, technical, and physical security measures to help protect your personal information. While we have taken reasonable steps to secure the personal information you provide to us, please be aware that despite our efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable, and no method of data transmission can be guaranteed against any interception or other type of misuse. Any information disclosed online is vulnerable to interception and misuse by unauthorized parties. Therefore, we cannot guarantee complete security if you provide personal information.
POLICY FOR CHILDREN
We do not knowingly solicit information from or market to children under the age of 13. If you become aware of any data we have collected from children under age 13, please contact us using the contact information provided below.
CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES
Most web browsers and some mobile operating systems include a Do-Not-Track (“DNT”) feature or setting you can activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your online browsing activities monitored and collected. If you set the DNT signal on your browser, we will respond to such DNT browser signals.
OPTIONS REGARDING YOUR INFORMATION
Your Personal Information
You may at any time review, correct or update the information in your account or terminate your account by:
Logging into your account settings and reviewing or updating your account
Contacting us using the contact information provided below
Upon your request to delete your account, we will deactivate or delete your account and information from our active databases. However, some information may be retained in our files for our internal administrative purposes, including to prevent fraud, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our Terms of Use and/or comply with legal requirements.
If your information has been shared with a third party, as described above, then that third party has received their own copy of your data. If you have been contacted by one of these third parties and wish to correct or request they delete your information, please contact them directly.
Promotional or Marketing Communications
You may opt out of receiving promotional communications by following the instructions in those communications. If you opt out of receiving promotional communications, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as emails about your purchases, event registration, account, membership or our ongoing business relations.
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the “Shine The Light” law, permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to us using the contact information provided below.
If you are under 18 years of age, reside in California, and have a registered account with the Site, you have the right to request removal of unwanted data that you publicly post on the Site. To request removal of such data, please contact us using the contact information provided below, and include the email address associated with your account and a statement that you reside in California. We will make sure the data is not publicly displayed on the Site, but please be aware that the data may not be completely or comprehensively removed from our systems.
RESIDENTS OF EUROPEAN UNION AND SWITZERLAND
XTERRA Sports Unlimited, LLC complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union and Switzerland to the United States. XTERRA Sports Unlimited, LLC has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/.
In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, XTERRA Sports Unlimited, LLC commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information. EU and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Shield policy should first contact XTERRA Sports Unlimited, LLC at: privacy [at] xterraglobal.com
XTERRA Sports Unlimited, LLC has further committed to refer unresolved Privacy Shield complaints to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider located in the [United States]. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your complaint to your satisfaction, please visit https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield for more information or to file a complaint. The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you.
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the Privacy Shield website https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=How-to-Submit-a-Complaint, you may be entitled to invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Framework, XTERRA Sports Unlimited, LLC is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission.
XTERRA Sports Unlimited, LLC is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives, under the Privacy Shield Framework, and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. We comply with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU and Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason. We will alert you about any changes by updating the “Last Updated” date of this Privacy Policy. Any changes or modifications will be effective immediately upon posting the updated Privacy Policy on the Site, and you waive the right to receive specific notice of each such change or modification. You are encouraged to periodically review this Privacy Policy to stay informed of updates. You will be deemed to have been made aware of, will be subject to, and will be deemed to have accepted the changes in any revised Privacy Policy by your continued use of the Site after the date such revised Privacy Policy is posted.
CONTACT US
If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
XTERRA Sports Unlimited, LLC
c/o XTERRA Global, LLC
700 SW 5th Avenue
#4000, 3rd Floor
Portland, Oregon 97204
Or by email: privacy [at] xterraglobal.com
×
Privacy Policy