https://www.playhersports.com/content/privacy-statement-footer
Privacy Statement
Last Updated: May 9, 2008
INTRODUCTION. PlayHer Sports (“Organization,” “us,” “we”) provides a variety of services to help make it easier for your family to learn about and participate in sports programs. We are committed to respecting your privacy and recognize the importance of protecting and managing information you share with us that is personally identifiable, such as your name, email address and street address (“Personally Identifiable Information”). Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. And note that it applies only to the information collected by Organization through the Organization websites, including through password-protected portions of the Organization website (“Member Areas”), and other applications and programs accessible through such websites (collectively, the “Site”), and not offline. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein will have the meanings given to such terms in the Terms of Use policy for users of the Site (“Terms of Use”). The word “you” refers, as applicable, to any individual or entity that visits or accesses the Site.
From time to time, we may update this Privacy Policy by posting the updated Privacy Policy at the Client website. Your continued use of any part of the Site constitutes your agreement to the updated Privacy Policy. The effective date of the most recent update of this Privacy Policy appears on the upper left hand portion of this page.
1. CHILDREN’S PRIVACY. Organization is concerned about the safety and privacy of children online. We make commercially reasonable efforts to comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA). COPPA and its accompanying FTC regulations establish United States federal law that protects the privacy of children using the Internet. We do not knowingly contact or collect personal information from children under 13, and kids known to be under the age of 13 are prohibited from becoming members. It is possible, however, that by fraud or deception by others we may receive information from children under 13. If we are notified of this, as soon as we verify the information, we will immediately obtain parental consent or else delete the information from our servers. Organization encourages parents to monitor and participate in your kids’ activities on the Internet. If you want to notify us of our receipt of information by children under 13, please do so by e-mailing us.
2. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT? The Site has areas and features where you submit and/or where we collect your Personally Identifiable Information, as well as Personally Identifiable Information relating to third parties – such as your child (a participant) or his/her other guardians. To the extent that you provide us with this information, you represent and warrant that you have the right to do so.
You can visit certain areas of the Site without telling us who you are or revealing any Personally Identifiable Information (unless you choose to transact business or to request or supply information through the Site).
If you register to become a member of the Site, you may be required to provide us with certain Personally Identifiable Information. Information we may request includes, among other information, your name, contact and billing information, as well as information about the participant (that may vary by type of program), including certain physical attributes, school information, age and relevant experience. This information enables us to operate the Site and provide the services you have requested. For example, as a member, you may receive updated information from us about sports programs (such as schedules for tryouts), and can transact business through the Site (such as registering your child to try out for team, or buying a uniform online). If you choose not to provide the requested Personally Identifiable Information, you will not be able to access or use the Member Areas.
Important Note on Health & Medical Information. As part of the registration process, we may request Personally Identifiable Information relating to the health and medical history of the participant, such as allergies, physician, health insurance and provider/policy number, and medications. Health and medical information will be treated like all other non-health-related Personally Identifiable Information under this Privacy Policy.
3. HOW DO WE USE OR SHARE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT?
Business, Administrative and Informational Uses. The Personally Identifiable Information that we gather from you through the Site may be used by us (including our staff, volunteers or independent contractors) for business, administrative and informational purposes. We may use or disclose Personally Identifiable Information to: (1) facilitate business transactions, such as registering your child with Organization, processing payments, and registering your child with governing bodies; (2) help us administer the Site and other aspects of Organization’ operations; (3) communicate news and information about activities, products, services and features of the Site, Organization, or Organization partners that we think may be of interest to you; and (5) improve and develop the Site and other services offered by Organization. You may contact the Organization at any time to choose to not receive email communications from us. Please be aware, however, that even under this option, you may still receive communications as appropriate to inform you of changes to the Site, the Privacy Policy, the Terms of Use or other administrative/legal matters.
Affiliated Entities. Organization may share Personally Identifiable Information gathered from you through the Site with other entities that are related to or affiliated with Organization (“Organization Affiliates”). In such a case, the Organization Affiliate that receives the Personally Identifiable Information will use and share such information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Third-Party Providers. Organization may engage third parties to assist Organization in managing certain functions associated with the Site, such as hosting the Site, processing payments or performing IT maintenance services. For example, when you transmit credit card information, you may be automatically connected with a third party who will receive your credit card information and secure such information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts the credit card information you input. Although we seek to restrict third-party service providers from using any Personally Identifiable Information received from Organization for any purpose other than to facilitate transactions being conducted through the Site, Organization is not responsible for the privacy practices of third parties, including, without limitation, any negligence or misconduct on the part of third parties receiving your credit card or other information.
Use or Disclosure of Health and Medical Information. We (including our staff, volunteers or independent contractors) may have access to, use or disclose health or medical information about a participant in order to try to avoid unnecessarily dangerous medical or health situations. For example, if your child breaks an arm during a game and you are not there, we may be able to expedite treatment with additional information. Or, it would be helpful for a coach to know that a participant has asthma. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, NEITHER ORGANIZATION NOR ANY OF OUR PARTNERS, PROVIDERS, LICENSORS OR AGENTS IS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE HEALTH OR MEDICAL SAFETY OF ANY PARTICIPANT.
Sports Associations. In operating the Site, we may disclose your Personally Identifiable Information to state and/or national sport associations. In addition, we, the state or national sport associations or other trusted third parties may use such information alone or in combination with other information to improve the local, state and national sport programs, to alert your family to events, services or products that we or they think may interest you, or for marketing research.
Other Limited Sharing of Information. In addition to what is described above, there may be certain other limited instances where Organization may transmit or disclose Personally Identifiable Information to third parties. For example, we may provide such information to appropriate authorities if we believe in good faith that the law requires it, that a violation of our Terms of Use or other contractual obligations has occurred, or as we determine to be necessary to protect the legal rights or property of Organization, Organization participants, members, volunteers or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. In addition, in the event that we sell or transfer assets related to the Site or a business or division of Organization to a third party, we reserve the right to transfer any and all information collected through and associated with the Site and/or such business or division to such third party.
4. OTHER IMPORTANT NOTES ABOUT PRIVACY.
Cookies and Other Technological Tracking Tools. The Site may use a feature of your browser to set a “cookie” on your computer. Cookies are small packets of information placed on a user’s computer hard drive. Essentially, a cookie serves as a user’s “identification card” for the computer or server that placed the cookie on the user’s hard drive. The purpose of using cookies is to enhance your experience using the Site. We use session cookies, which expire when a user closes the browser in which the Site was viewed. As with all cookies, users can personalize their browser settings to reject session cookies. If you choose to reject cookies, you may be unable to use certain Site services.
In addition to cookies, we may use “pixel tags” (electronic images also know as “web beacons” or “single-pixel GIFS”) or similar technology tools to monitor user activity on the Site or in email messages/newsletters. These tools are typically used to collect non-personally identifiable information; any Personally Identifiable Information that may be gathered using such tools through the Site are subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
We note that Organization providers may use cookies and/or other technological tools to monitor or track user activity. If Personally Identifiable Information is collected by an Organization provider, we will seek to subject any use and disclosure of the Personally Identifiable Information by the provider to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information. The Site automatically tracks certain information about each visitor to the Site. This information is not associated with individuals in a personally identifiable manner. For example, we track the browser type, operating system, IP address, referring page or site, the total number of your visits to the Site, which pages you visit on the Site and how long you spend there. Organization uses this data to improve the Site, for product development and for other business purposes. Organization may share with third parties aggregated statistics or other tracking data derived from the Site, but only in a way that does not reveal your individual identity to third parties. Collecting this tracking data is a standard practice on the Internet.
Information Relating to Organizations and Companies. Please be aware that information identifying a company or organization, such as the company or organization's name and address (“Organization Information”) is not subject to the protections set forth in this Privacy Policy. Organization may use Organization Information without restriction and may share such information with third parties, subject to any applicable confidentiality practices Organization may use in its discretion for the protection of Organization and its clients.
Data Security. Organization takes reasonable steps to protect the information that you share with us from loss, misuse and unauthorized alteration. For example, only select Organization staff, volunteers and independent contractors have access to Personally Identifiable Information provided by Organization members through the Member Areas. We use industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving sensitive personal and financial data to and from the Site. Unfortunately, however, security breaches can occur even if reasonable steps are taken to prevent such breaches; for example, we cannot guarantee that information you provide through the Site will not be illegally accessed on our servers or intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet. Please contact us if you have reason to believe that there has been any breach of the security of the Site.
Third-Party Links. The Site may include links to other Internet sites that are not owned or operated by Organization. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of those third-party sites. We encourage you to review the privacy policy also using technological tools to track activity of visitors to their sites. We have no control over the information-collection practices of such third-party sites. We encourage you to review the privacy policies associated with such third-party sites for more information about the privacy practices of such sites.
Contacting Organization. If you have any comments or questions regarding this Privacy Policy, or would like to correct or update your personal information on file with Organization, please contact us. If you would like your Personally Identifiable Information to be removed from our records, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to purge or suppress such information from our databases.
Sole Statement. This Privacy Policy is the sole authorized statement of our practices with respect to the online collection and use of Personally Identifiable Information. Any summaries of this Privacy Policy generated by third-party software or otherwise (for example, in connection with the “Platform for Privacy Preferences” or “P3P”) will have no legal effect, are in no way binding upon us, will not be relied upon in substitution for this Privacy Policy, and neither supersede nor modify this Privacy Policy.
5. ACCEPTANCE OF PRIVACY POLICY. Your access to and use of the Site and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use. By continuing your use of the Site and by clicking the “Submit” button when you register through the Site, you confirm your assent to this Privacy Policy. If you are unable to accept this Privacy Policy or any or its terms, you must not continue to access or use any portion of the Site.