https://www.dungarvangolfclub.com/privacy-policy/
Toggle navigation
DUNGARVAN
GOLF CLUB
Phone No:(058)43310
Email:office@dungarvangolfclub.com
DUNGARVAN
GOLF CLUB
Phone No:(058)43310Email:office@dungarvangolfclub.com
HOME
NEWS
BOOKINGS
MEMBERS
VISITORS
GREEN FEES
SOCIETIES
TESTIMONIALS
COURSE LAYOUT
DUNGARVAN GOLF TRIANGLE
COMPETITIONS
FIXTURES 2020
SCORE ENTRY
RESULTS
OPEN RESULTS
EVENTS
PHOTOS
CLUB
MEMBERSHIP
MENS CAPTAINS AND PRESIDENTS
LADY CAPTAINS AND PRESIDENTS
HISTORY
MANAGEMENT
CODE OF CONDUCT
PRIVACY POLICY
CONTACT
PRO SHOP
RESTAURANT
Privacy Policy
DATA PROTECTION OBLIGATIONS OF DUNGARVAN GOLF CLUB
Dear Member,
Your Club Membership and Data Protection
The club is subject to the Data Protection Acts 1988 and 2003, as amended, and to meet our obligations under this legislation we wish to explain to you how we use information provided by you to the Club (including on your application, subscription forms or competition entry forms) from time to time.
The data protection legislation is administered by the Data Protection Commissioner and the website at www.dataprotection.ie  offers useful guidance on the legislation.
There are ‘Eight Rules of Data Protection’.  As a Club, we are required to:
Obtain are process information fairly.
Keep it only for one or more specified, explicit, and lawful purposes.
Use and disclose it only in ways compatible with these purposes.
Keep it safe and secure.
Keep it accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
Ensure that it is adequate, relevant, and not excessive.
Retain it for no longer than is necessary.
Give a copy of his/her personal data to a member on request.
We use information that you provide to us, or that we receive from other clubs to administer the Club, to provide you with the services that you receive at the Club, to provide you with any other products and services supplied to you by the club at your request, for the purposes of performing the Club’s obligations to you for the purposes set out in this notice and for administration, risk assessment, health, and safety.
The Club records your data electronically, kept and processed on computer and in manual form.  We disclose data regarding your handicap to the Club team managers and any other persons deemed necessary, to the GUI golfnet systems for the purposes set down in the CONGU unified handicap system and to other service providers to the Club for these purposes.  We publish your handicap along with results of competitions.
Through this notice, we let you know what we do with information you provide and if you have any concerns in that regard, you should advise the Club Data Controller – the Club Administrators.
You agree to keep the Club informed of any changes to the personal data that you provide the club.  You are entitled to write to the Club Administrators to request a copy of your personal data which the Club holds.  Should inaccuracies exist in your personal data held by the Club, you are entitled to request that the Club amend or erase it.
GUI/ILGU
The Club is affiliated to the Golfing Union of Ireland and the Irish Ladies Golf union.  The GUI and the ILGU operate and maintain the details of the handicap of members on the www.golfnet.ie system and for this purpose allocates each individual member of the Club a unique personal identifier number (your unique “Club Membership No.”).  The system has been designed by GUI/ILGU to provide members of Clubs affiliated to GUI/ILGU including Dungarvan Golf Club, with enhanced membership services free of charge.
The purpose for which GUI/ILGU may use the data are as follows:
GUI/ILGU may use you details to communicate directly with the people who play the sport in Ireland, to provide them with information and other benefits relating to their membership; and
The provision of a handicap system for all individual members of affiliated Clubs and the wider golf community through the introduction of the Club Membership Number.
You agree that the Club and other GUI/ILGU affiliated Clubs at which you may play in competition may provide your name and address, phone number, email address, membership no., gender, date of birth, your card number, and your results history to the GUI/ILGU for the purposes of operating the data base system.
The Club agrees to keep your data on the system securely and to only use it for the purposes set out in this notice.  Except where required by law to do so, the Club will never provide your personal data to any third party except to your Club or to a competition organiser for the purposes of confirming your details where you enter a competition using your name and your GUI/ILGU number.
Unless you specifically request the Club Administrators to do otherwise, the Club Office will provide your telephone numbers to other members for the purposes of arranging matches, changing playing times etc.  Your address will not be provided directly to other members without your agreement.  The Office will first contact you should such a request be made.
Your handicap details and membership number are displayed in the locker room area of the Clubhouse.
In the Under the Data Protection Acts 1988 and 2003, as amended, you are entitled to write to the Golfing Union of Ireland or Irish Ladies Golf Union at their address or email info@GUI/info@ilgu.ie to request a copy of your personal data which GUI/ILGU – Golfnet holds.  Similarly, with ‘brs’ which operates the club reservation system. (www.brs.com). Should inaccuracies exist in your persona data held by GUI/ILGU or ‘BRS’, you are entitled to request that they amend or erase it.
General Consent as Parent or Guardian
Where you have provided information about another person (e.g. a minor), you confirm that they have appointed you to act for them or that you are legally entitled to act for the, to consent to the processing of their personal data, including sensitive data, and to receive, on their behalf, any data protection notices from the Club.
Any enquiries about this notice should be addressed to the Club Administrators, office@dungarvangolfclub.com, who is the DATA CONTROLLER for the purposes of the Act.
Management Committee
April 2020
Links
Code of Conduct
History
Lady Captains and Presidents
Mens Captains and Presidents
Pro Shop
Restaurant
Management
Dungarvan Golf Club
Phone No: (058)43310
Email: office@dungarvangolfclub.com
Website by Merino Web Services