http://www.rallies.info/privacy.php
home
results
entries
archive
championships
privacy
Latest EventsRecent ResultsRainworth ŠKODA Dukeries Rally 2020 (6 Dec)Cirrus Stages 2020 (22 Nov)Neil Howard Stages 2020 (7 Nov)Events open for Web EntriesEACC Autotest 13th December 2020JMJ Woodworking 12 Car 2020'Stuff-the-Turkey' Autotest 2020Druidale Autotest December 2020Motorsport UK Pirelli Welsh National Ral...TJS Self Drive Alan Healy Memorial Cadwe...Rally Revival 26/27th Feb 2021Motorsport News Circuit Rally Championsh...Results Coming SoonRali Adfer Coedwigoedd Cymru 2020 (12 Dec)rallies.info Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy
rallies.info is run by Matthew Atkinson, who is registered under the Data Protection Act as a Data Controller, Registration Number Z9216883. You can see information about this registration at the Information Commissioner's Office Website.
This privacy policy explains how we use any personal information we hold about you when you use this website, and its associated services.
What information do we collect about you?
We collect information about you in two situations, firstly when your information is entered onto the entry form of an event using the rallies.info online entry system, and secondly when we are producing the results of a rally or championship.
Entries System
The rallies.info entry system is used by many different clubs to manage the entries for their events. In these cases, rallies.info is a 'Data Processor' and the 'Data Controller' is the organising club(s). The data collected may include names, addresses, telephone numbers, email addresses, dates of birth, nationality, insurers, competition licence numbers and membership of motor clubs for the driver and other crew members, people to be contacted in case of accident to crew members, parents or guardians, and suggested marshals. All of this information is collected from one person when filling in the Entry Form for the event, and this person should ensure that they have permission from all the people whose details they are providing before filling in the form.
Results
The results system holds a very small subset of the information provided to the organisers when entering an event. Specifically, it includes the names of crew members, their motor club and details of the car used on the event (Make, Model, CC and Registration Number). It also holds the details of the times recorded at each control on the event, and all penalties applied.
How will we use the information about you?
Entries System
The entries system information is used for administration of the event's entries, including sending emails to both crew members and whoever entered the event, recording payments for event entry fees and ancillaries, and perhaps providing a public Entry List. A subset of the information provided may also be shared with the organisation providing results for the event. If permission is granted when entering the event, then crew contact details may be shared with other organisations such as photographers or videographers.
Results System
Most of the data in the results system is there purely to create the public results displays. Although the individual control times are not publically displayed, times derived from these (such as stage times or penalties) are publically displayed.
Championship Results
Where results of championships are displayed on the rallies.info website, these are created by linking some of the data from the entry sytstems of each of the championship rounds with some of the data from the relevant results systems. In the case of entries, the information used is name, post code, competition licence number and competition number. In the case of results, the information used is the crew names, competition number on the event and finishing position on the event.
Marketing
If you provide permission, then clubs may use contact information provided to inform you of future events that they are running. We at rallies.info do not use your information for marketing.
How long do we hold information for?
All information provided in the entry system is kept online for 4 years, in order to allow the organising club to refer back to previous competitors for administrative reasons. After 4 years the information is deleted.
All information held in the results system is kept indefinitely as a results archive. It is never deleted.
Where is the information held?
rallies.info operates servers in two locations, Manchester and York in the United Kingdom. In addition, backups are held in East Yorkshire, also in the United Kingdom. Data is never transferred outside the EEA.
Access to your information and correction
You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. If you would like a copy of some or all of your personal information, please contact us. We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. You may ask us to correct or remove information you think is inaccurate.
Your right to be forgotten
If you would prefer for your information to be removed from rallies.info systems, the method for doing this would depend on which system the data is held in. For entries systems, you should contact the club whose event the data is held in. Removal of your data from an entry system before the event runs may mean your withdrawal from the event. For the results system, please contact us.
Removal of your data from public view
If you would prefer that your data is removed from public view, please contact us.
Cookies
This website uses Cookies for two reasons. Firstly, to record when a user has seen the information about the menu bar on the results page, and secondly, to support the Google adverts delivered on the site. Note that the Google adverts shown on this site are not personalised, which means that
we do not collect, share, or use personal data for personalization of adverts. Google adverts do however still use cookies to support non-personalized adverts served by Google to combat fraud and abuse, frequency capping, and aggregated advert reporting. You can find more information on Google's own page.
Other websites
This website contains links to other websites. This privacy policy only applies to this website so when you link to other websites you should read their own privacy policies.
Changes to our privacy policy
We keep our privacy policy under regular review and we will place any updates on this web page. This privacy policy was last updated on 22nd May 2018 which was when we stopped personalising adverts served from this site.
How to contact us
Please contact us if you have any questions about our privacy policy or information we hold about you by emailing the address at the bottom of any page on this website
©2020 rallies.info · email