http://www.usetopscore.com/privacy-policy
Close FLASH_MESSAGE
www
Posts
All Posts
Teams
All Teams Add Team
Help
Sign in
Verification: Do Not Type In Adjacent Field
Email
Did you mean: @
Do you have an account?
I'm new or not sure
Yes, my password is
Yes, but I forgot my password
Privacy Policy
Updated November 12, 2020
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which TopScore Software LLC ("TopScore", “we”, “us” and terms of similar meaning) collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "user", “you”, “your”) of the website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by TopScore.
If you are a resident of the State of California, please also read your California Privacy Rights below to understand additional rights you may have pursuant to California Civil Code Section 1798.83 and the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from you in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when you visit our Site, register on the Site, place an order, subscribe to the newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. You may be asked for personally identifiable information, as appropriate, including but not limited to name, email address, mailing address, phone number, and credit card information. You may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from you only if you voluntarily submit such information to us. You can always refuse to supply personal identification information, except that it may prevent you from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about you whenever you interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about your means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance your experience. Your web browser places cookies on your hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about you. You may choose to set your web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information and why we collect it
TopScore may collect and use your personal information for the following purposes:
To improve customer service - information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
To personalize user experience - we may use information in the aggregate to understand how our users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site, or may use specific user info to target specific content to that user.
To improve our Site - we may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
To process payments - we may use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to provide service for that order. We do not share this information with third parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
To run a promotion, contest, survey or other Site feature - to send you information you agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to you.
To send periodic emails - we may use the email address to send you information and updates pertaining to your order. It may also be used to respond to your inquiries, questions, and/or other requests.
What we collect
Most of the information that we collect is collected directly from you when you perform activities on the Site. These activities include:
Registering for an event
Reporting scores
Filling out surveys
Updating your personal profile
Sending communications via our email, text, or messaging relays
We also collect information from you in indirect ways, and this information may also be able to personally identify you. These include things like internal database logs, cookies and similar technologies, IP addresses, operating system, browser, device, date and time the services were used, and other similar identifiers. This data helps us to provide a customized and relevant experience to you by doing things like geolocating maps to your location, customizing the experienced based on your browser, and keeping you logged in.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
The exchange, of sensitive and private data between the Site and you, is done via SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures. Our Site is also in compliance with PCI vulnerability standards in order to create a secure environment.
Sharing your personal information
We will only share your information for purposes for which we have been given permission, as necessary to deliver our service to you, and as required to comply with legal and lawful actions. By using the service, you acknowledge and give permission such that:
We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and you with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers.
We may share your information with third parties to target specific content to you.
We may share your information with third party service providers to help us operate our service or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys, processing payments, analyzing business activities, logging system resources, or the like.
We may share your data in response to legitimate law enforcement activities accompanied by a subpoena.
When we share data with third parties in this fashion, they will be bound by the same data security and privacy rules that we have laid out in this Privacy Policy.
Third party websites
You may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site or from our Site, is subject to that website's own terms and policies.
Changes to this privacy policy
TopScore has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the date at the top of this page. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to stay aware of modifications.
Accessing your personal data
You can access your personal data on the site via your personal profile page. This will contain a full listing of your personally identifying information, events that you’ve participated in, purchase history, and the like. If necessary, you can ask us for access to any information that you don’t believe is documented in this location. We will remove your personally identifying information at your request, but we may not be able to remove all information such as purchase history and other items required to be kept for record keeping purposes.
Controlling your personal data
You can access settings related to your personal data through your personal profile page. From this location, you are able to control who is able to see your personal data, who it may be shared with, and the like.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes. You may opt out of these terms at any time by ceasing activities on the site and contacting us to have your personal information removed.
California Residents – Your Privacy Rights
California Information-Sharing Disclosure
(As provided by California Civil Code Section 1798.83)
A California resident who has provided personal information to a business with whom he/she has established a business relationship for personal, family, or household purposes ("California customer") is entitled to request information about whether the business has disclosed personal information to any third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes. In general, if the business has made such a disclosure of personal information, upon receipt of a request by a California customer, the business is required to provide a list of all third parties to whom personal information was disclosed in the preceding calendar year, as well as a list of the categories of personal information that were disclosed.
However, under the law, a business is not required to provide the above-described lists if the business adopts and discloses to the public (in its privacy policy statement) a policy of not disclosing customer's personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes unless the customer first affirmatively agrees to the disclosure, as long as the business maintains and discloses this policy. Rather, the business may comply with the law by notifying the customer of his or her right to prevent disclosure of personal information and providing a cost free means to exercise that right.
As stated in our privacy policy statement, we do not share information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes unless you affirmatively agree to such disclosure -- typically by opting-in to receive information from a third party. To prevent disclosure of your personal information for use in direct marketing by a third party, do not opt-in to such use when you provide personal information on our website. Please note that whenever you opt-in to receive future communications from a third party, your information will be subject to the third-party's privacy policies and practices. If you later decide that you do not want that third party to use your information, you will need to contact the third party directly, as we have no control over how third parties use information. You should always review the privacy policies and practices of any party that collects your information to determine how that DOMICO will handle your information.
California customers may request further information about our compliance with this law by e-mailing [Topscore website for notification]. Please note that we are only required to respond to one request per customer each year, and we are not required to respond to requests made by means other than through this e-mail address.
California Do Not Track Disclosure:
Our websites do not respond to “do not track” browser signals. Depending on the browser you are using, you may be able to choose to block third party cookies or browse in a private browsing mode. Our websites are accessible even when private browsing is turned on. The information we collect is governed by this Privacy Policy.
California Consumer Additional Information under California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”)
You will not receive discriminatory treatment by us for exercising your privacy rights conferred on you by the CCPA.
You have certain additional rights regarding your personal information, pursuant to California law. These include the rights to:
receive a list of the categories of personal information we have collected about you;
receive a list of the categories of sources from which your personal information was collected;
receive a list of the categories of your personal information that we have disclosed for a business purpose;
receive a list of the categories of third parties to whom your personal information was disclosed for a business purpose;
know the business or commercial purpose for collecting your personal information;
receive a list of specific personal information we collected and for what purposes;
have your personal information deleted by us and direct our service providers to delete your information. However, it may be retained pursuant to an allowed exception if applicable;
know if personal information was collected from sources other than from you and the categories of sources from which the information was obtained; and
receive your personal information in a useable electronic format and transmit it to a third party (right to data portability).
Please submit your request for information or deletion of information concerning you as noted below. In order to provide you with your requested information or to delete the information which we have concerning you, we must be able to verify that you are the person requesting the information or deletion. With your request please provide at least two items of information which you have previously provided to us for us to use for verification of your identity. If this is not sufficient, we will contact you for additional means of verification.
You may designate an authorized agent to make a request for you. If your agent has a power of attorney pursuant to California Probate Code sections 4000 to 4465, please provide proof to the same. If your agent does not have a power of attorney pursuant to California Probate Code sections 4000 to 4465, we will require you to provide the authorized agent written permission to make the request, verify your own identity directly with us and require your agent to submit proof that they are authorized by you to act on your behalf.
For information concerning you or for deletion of information concerning you, please email  or request by mail addressed to:
Fullsteam Operations LLCAttn. Compliance CCPA540 Devall Drive, Suite 301Auburn, AL 36832
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site or data practices, please contact us at:
Liam Rosen TopScore Software LLC540 Devall Drive, Suite 301Auburn, AL 36832267 460 5571
Dispute resolution
For dispute resolution related to the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield, EU citizens may contact the Commission Nationale de l'Informatique et des Libertés, an EU Data Protection Authority. TopScore is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) for these matters. Under certain conditions, you may be able to invoke binding arbitration for unremedied violations under the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield.
In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, TopScore commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information. Individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Shield policy should first contact TopScore at:
Liam Rosen TopScore Software LLC540 Devall Drive, Suite 301Auburn, AL 36832 267 460 5571
EU Citizens may contact the following Data Protection Authority:
CNIL (Commission Nationale de l'Informatique et des Libertés) 3 Place de Fontenoy TSA 80715 75334 PARIS CEDEX 07 FRANCE Tel: +33 (0)1.53.73.22.22 Fax: +33 (0)1.53.73.22.00
TopScore has further committed to cooperate with the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) with regard to unresolved Privacy Shield complaints concerning data transferred from the EU.
Commitment to EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework
TopScore complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union to the United States.  TopScore has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/