http://www.teamtooke.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy“) explains how our company manages, operates, collects and uses information when you interact with our website(s). This Privacy Policy applies to all users, visitors, buyers, vendors, merchants and or those sharing our products and or services on the internet.
What we may ask to collect on our sites forms
We may collect the following information:
name, address, phone #, email
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What we do with the information we gather on the forms
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
To reach out to the site visitor to discuss our products and services
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided. You may opt out of any emails at any time.
How You Can Opt Out Of Tracking Our websites services and systems do not recognize browser do-not-track signals. However, you may manage how your browser handles cookies and related technologies by adjusting its privacy and security settings on your computer and or device. As there are many different browsers we have provided several links that may or may not fully describe the process. We recommend your search and refer to your systems and utilized browsers instructions related to your browser to learn about privacy and security settings as well as cookie-related option your browser has available to you. Typically, browsers will utilize a toolbar or help menu that will tell you how to prevent your computer from accepting to disabling cookies.
We have provided four online resources that may or may not be able to assist you with your research:
1. Google Analytics cookies
2. Third party advertising companies online
3. Third party online behavioral advertising
4. LiveRamp cookies
Social Networks and Social Media Connections By logging in with a social network your social application may be connected and may utilize Personal Information when you register with our website or one of it’s Sites through a social media platform or application. Example: Facebook Connect. By registering, subscribing, log-in, or creating and account with our company through a social media platform, you truthfully acknowledge, accept this Privacy Policy and grant our company permission to access all of the elements of your social network profile information that you have made available to be shared and to use it in accordance with the social network’s terms of use and this Privacy Policy.
Mobile Devices That Utilize Our Sites We may utilize applications or website based Sites that may collect your personal information. You may, at your discretion adjust any such settings on your mobile device to allow or prevent the sharing of Location Information. For example, you can disable “Location” on your mobile device to prevent sharing of Location Information or only disable “Bluetooth” to prevent just the sharing of information collected via near by Bluetooth® proximity beacons.
You may also choose to manage how your mobile device or mobile browser handles cookies and related technologies by adjusting your mobile device privacy and security settings on any and all of your devices. Please note; that if you disable the sharing of Location Information at any time, you may be unable to access some features and benefits of our Services that are designed an or only utilized on mobile devices. If you have any such questions regarding privacy and settings of your mobile device please contact your mobile carrier or service provider for detailed instructions.
Text-to-Phone
Coupon offers may be made available to subscribers, users, and or merchants on our websites, may be presented with an option to send yourself an SMS message (test message) containing a link and or sales content. Any such coupon or offer link will allow you to access a merchants website, or one of our sites, a coupon and or a product or service from your mobile device.
Please note; All message and data rates and standard text messaging fees may apply, please see your service provider for details. You truthfully represent and honestly warrant that any phone number you enter belongs to You and is associated with a mobile device, and or device that is in Your possession, owned by You. You can opt out of receiving texts at any time by Contacting Us or by utilizing the opt-out texting system from your mobile device.
The Security of Personal Information Our company follows generally accepted industry standards to protect the Personal Information that you have provide us with, or the information we have gathered. Please note that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is one hundred percent secure at any time. For this reason, there is no guarantee that information may not be accessed, opened, disclosed, altered, hacked, or destroyed by a breach of any of our emails, websites, applications, technical, physical or managerial safeguard(s) systems. If you have any questions about our security practices, please contact us via phone or by email.
Notice to Residents of Countries outside the United States of America Our company is operated, managed and located in the United States of America. Your personal Information may be accessed by us, or transferred to us in the United States or to our affiliates, advertisers, business partners, merchants, and or service providers within the United States of America or elsewhere in the world.
The Personal Information that has been provided to us, you consent to such access and transfers. You also acknowledge and agree that Personal Information may be subject to access requests from governments, courts, law enforcement officials, and national security authorities in the United States in accordance with United States laws. We will protect the privacy and security of Personal Information according to our Privacy Policy, regardless of where it is processed or stored.
Privacy Practices of Third Parties This Privacy Policy is for our company and this site. and does not involve the Privacy Policies of others through your interaction with our Services. Our merchants, advertisers and business partners may have their own privacy statements, as well as our own. We encourage you to familiarize yourself with the privacy statements provided by these other parties prior to providing them with information or taking advantage of an offer or promotion on any such Site of Ours, any Applications and or coupons associated with Us. Other websites and applications that may be accessible through links or internet usage from our Services may have their own privacy statements and personal information collection, use, and disclosure practices.
Online Communities and Social Media Security Our Services may contain Social Site Communities, Communities, and or Our Site Community and or other various online areas where you may be able to publicly post information, communicate with others, post on discussion boards, blog, write reviews or write content, review products and or merchants, and submit media content and or coupons. Please be aware, prior to posting in these areas, please read our Terms of Use and or Terms of Service carefully. Please avoid publicly posting Personal Information. All of the information you post will be seen, noticed and accessible to anyone with Internet access, and any Personal Information you include in your posting may be read, copied and pasted, collected, and used by others in a manner we cannot control or keep secure. Security notice; We are not able to control, keep safe or secure the use by third parties of Personal Information You post to public areas of the Services. If you have concerns, questions, or problems that have occurred with your Personal Information that you have publicly posted in our Reviews, Communities, Site, Social Media and or any online service we provide, please Contact Us.
Privacy Policy Indemnification Hold Harmless Release You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless our company, business, its subsidiaries, affiliates and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents from and against all claims and expenses, including attorneys’ fees, arising out of or related to any products or services purchased by you, or any Statements submitted or posted by you, in connection with the Site or any use of the Site in violation of these Terms.
_As a user, merchant or visitor on our site you are solely responsible for your interactions with Merchants, buyers, sellers, businesses and other users of the Site. To the extent permitted under applicable laws, you hereby release Our Company and business from any and all claims or liability related to any of your personal or business information you placed on one of our Sites and or Applications, product or service of a Merchant, any action or inaction by Merchant, including Merchant’s failure to comply with applicable law and/or failure to abide by the terms of Our Company. , and any conduct, speech, or Statements, whether online or offline, of any other user.
Transmission of Information in any manner Because we do not control the security of the Internet, emails, servers, socials sites, browsers, or other networks you use to access the Site or communicate with us, we can’t be, and are not responsible for, the security of information that you choose to communicate with Our Company and the Site while it is being transmitted. In addition, Our Company is not responsible for any data lost during transmission. With technology changing and the ability hackers, viruses that may alter, steal, or infect one of Our systems that have your personal information, business information, content, details and or other such information on Our Site or one of Our Products and or Services we cannot guarantee the security of such information 100%. You the user truthfully acknowledge and accept any and all responsibilities and accountability at will and at your own risk.
California Resident’s Privacy Rights
Under California law, California residents may opt-out of our disclosing personal information about them to third parties for their marketing purposes. If you do not want us to disclose information to other companies for their marketing purposes, please contact us. Pursuant to Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code, residents of California have the right to request from a business, with whom the California resident has an established business relationship, certain information with respect to the types of personal information the business shares with third parties for direct marketing purposes by such third party and the identities of the third parties with whom the business has shared such information during the immediately preceding calendar year. To request a copy of such information, please contact us by any of the ways described in the “Contact Information” section below, and we will respond within 30 days as required by law.
California law also requires us to disclose how we respond to your Web browser “do not track” signals or other mechanisms that provide you the ability to exercise choice regarding the collection of personally identifiable information about your online activities over time and across third-party Web sites or online services. We are also required to disclose whether other parties may collect personally identifiable information about your online activities over time and across different Web sites when you use the Sites. The below section of this Privacy Statement on Third Party Advertising and Tracking provides additional information on this topic for your review and consideration.
Children’s Privacy
Our company does not intend the Site and Services to be used by individuals under the age of 13. We do not seek or knowingly collect any Personal Information about children under 13 years of age. If we become aware that we have unknowingly collected Personal Information from a child under the age of 13, we will make commercially reasonable efforts to delete such information from our database.
If you are the parent or guardian of a minor child who has provided us with Personal Information, you may contact us and we will use our best efforts to remove such information from our databases.
Your Conduct on Our Company Site
Our Site is private property and maintains and upholds onsite conduct. All interactions on this Site must be lawful and must comply with these Terms of Use. To the extent your conduct (as judged by us in our sole discretion), restricts or inhibits any other user from using or enjoying any part of this Site, we may limit your privileges on the Site and seek other remedies. PLEASE DO NOT ENGAGE IN ANY OF THE FOLLOWING ACTIVITIES, they are prohibited on the Site and constitute express violations of this Agreement:
Submitting any purposely inaccurate information, committing fraud or falsifying information in connection with your account or in order to create multiple accounts, or false personal names or business names.
Attempting to access, or actually accessing, data not intended for you, such as logging into a server or an account which you are not authorized to access;
Attempting to scan, hack, crawl, or test the security or configuration of the Site or to breach security or authentication measures;
Tampering or interfering with the proper functioning of any part, page or area of the Site or any functions or services provided by Our Company;
Attempting to interfere with service to any user in any manner, including, without limitation, by means of submitting a virus or program to our Site, or attempts at overloading, “flooding”, “spamming”, “mail bombing” or “crashing” the Site;
Using frames, framing techniques or framing technology to enclose any content included on the Site without our express written permission;
Using any Site content in any meta tags or any other “hidden text” techniques or technologies without our express written permission;
Using the Site or any of its contents to advertise or solicit, for any other commercial, political or religious purpose, or to compete, directly or indirectly with Our Company;
Reselling or repurposing your access to the Site or any purchases made through the Site;
Using the Site or any of its resources to solicit Site End Users, Merchants or other business partners of Our Company to become users or partners of other online or offline services directly or indirectly competitive or potentially competitive with Our Company including without limitation, aggregating current or previously offered deals;
Collecting content from the Site, including but not limited to current or previously offered deals, and featuring such content to consumers in any manner that diverts traffic from the Site without our express written permission;
Collecting the Personal Information, Statements, data or content of any Site End Users, Vendors, Merchants and or Site contributors;
Using any End User or Merchant information from the Site for any commercial purpose, including, but not limited to, marketing;
Exceeding or attempting to exceed quantity limits when purchasing Our Company or products, or otherwise using any Our Company account to purchase Our Company Coupons or products for resale, or for speculative, false, fraudulent or any other purpose not expressly permitted by this Agreement and the terms of a specific offer on the Site;
Accessing, monitoring or copying any content or information from this Site using any “robot,” “spider,” “scraper” or other automated means or any manual process for any purpose without our express written permission;
Violating the restrictions in any robot exclusion headers on this Site or bypassing or circumventing other measures employed to prevent or limit access to this Site;
Taking any action that places excessive demand on our services, or imposes, or may impose an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our servers or other portion of our infrastructure (as determined in our sole discretion);
Aggregating any live or post-feature content or other information from the Site (whether using links or other technical means or physical records associated with purchases made through this Site) with material from other sites or on a secondary site without our express written permission;
Deep-linking to any portion of this Site (including, without limitation, the purchase path for any of Our Company Digital Coupons) without our express written permission;
Acting illegally or maliciously against the business interests or reputation of Our Company our Merchants or our services; or
Hyperlinking to the Site from any other website without our initial and ongoing consent.
Creating an Account on our Site
If you create an account on our Site, you may only create and hold one account that you are solely responsible for managing. Your account is non-transferrable and may not be sold, combined or otherwise shared with any other person. If you violate any of these limitations we may terminate your account and, without limitation, you may forfeit any pending, current or future promotional account credits and any unredeemed Company Coupons in your account. If we terminate your account, you may not re-enroll or join under a new account unless we formally invite you. If you commit fraud or falsify information in connection with your use of the Site or in connection with your account, your account will be terminated immediately and we reserve the right to hold you liable for any and all damages that we suffer, to pursue legal action through relevant local and national law enforcement authorities and to notify your Internet Service Provider of any fraudulent activity we associate with you or your use of the Site.
Transmission of Information in any manner
Because we do not control the security of the Internet or other networks you use to access the Site or communicate with us, we can’t be, and are not responsible for, the security of information that you choose to communicate with Our Company and the Site while it is being transmitted. In addition, Our Company is not responsible for any data lost during transmission.
User / Visitor Access of Our Company Site
Our Company retains the right at our sole discretion to deny access, service, ability to buy, visit, enter, or log-into the Site or an account to anyone, at any time and for any reason. You understand and acknowledge that due to circumstances both within and outside of our control Site access may be interrupted, suspended or terminated. You acknowledge that there may be interruptions in service or events that are beyond our control. While we use reasonable efforts to keep the Site accessible, the Site may be unavailable from time to time for any reason including, without limitation, routine maintenance.
Copyright and Trademarks.
This Site and any Microsite contains copyrighted material, trademarks and other proprietary information, including, but not limited to, text, software, photos, video, graphics, music and sound, and the entire contents of the Site are protected by copyright, trademark, and other intellectual property laws of the United States. Our Company owns or leases a copyright in the selection, coordination, arrangement and enhancement of such content, as well as in the content original to it. You may not modify, distribute, publish, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, participate in the transfer or sale, create derivative works, or in any way exploit any of the content, in whole or in part. Except as otherwise expressly stated under copyright law, no copying, redistribution, retransmission, publication or commercial exploitation of downloaded material without the express permission of Our Company or the copyright owner is permitted. If copying, redistribution or publication of copyrighted material is permitted, you will make independent attribution and/or make no changes in or deletion of any author attribution, trademark legend or copyright notice. You acknowledge that you do not acquire any ownership rights by downloading copyrighted material. Any violation of these restrictions may result in a copyright, trademark or other intellectual property right infringement that may subject you to civil and/or criminal penalties.
You will not upload, post or otherwise make available on this Site any material protected by copyright, trademark or other proprietary right without the express permission of the owner of the copyright, trademark or other proprietary right. Our Company does not have any express burden or responsibility to provide you with indications, markings or anything else that may aid you in determining whether the material in question is copyrighted or trademarked. You will be solely liable for any damage resulting from any infringement of copyrights, trademarks, proprietary rights or any other harm resulting from such a submission. Our Company logos, and variations thereof found on the Site are trademarks owned or leased by Our Company and all use of these marks inures to the benefit of Our Company Other marks on the site not owned by Our Company may be under license from the trademark owner thereof, in which case such license is for the exclusive benefit and use of Our Company unless otherwise stated, or may be the property of their respective owners. You may not use Our Company name, logos, trademarks, or brands without Our Companies express permission in writing.
License Grant
By contributing Statements, reviews, testimonials and or other information on or through the Communities, you grant Our Company a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, sublicense able, fully paid-up, non-exclusive, transferrable, worldwide right and license to use, reproduce, create derivative works from, publish, edit, translate, distribute, perform, display, transmit, offer for sale and sell the Statements alone or as part of other works in any form, media, or technology whether now known or hereafter developed, and to sublicense such rights through multiple tiers of sublicensees, and without compensation to you. You waive any “moral rights” or other rights with respect to attribution of authorship or integrity of materials regarding the Statements that you may have under any applicable law under any legal theory. Your license of any Statements, reviews testimonials and or information submitted above extends to use for promotions, marketing, advertising, market research or any other lawful purpose, without limitation.
Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) Procedures and Policy
If you believe that any material has been posted via the Site by an End User in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, and you would like to bring this material to Our Companies attention, you must provide Our Company with the following information: (a) an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyrighted work; (b) an identification of the copyrighted work and the location on the Site of the allegedly infringing work; (c) a written statement that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the owner, its agent, or the law; (d) your name and contact information, including telephone number and e-mail address; and (e) a statement by you that the above information in your notice is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf.
Indemnification Hold Harmless Release
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Our Company its subsidiaries, affiliates and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents from and against all claims and expenses, including attorneys’ fees, arising out of or related to any products or services purchased by you, or any Statements submitted or posted by you, in connection with the Site or any use of the Site in violation of these Terms.
You are solely responsible for your interactions with Merchants and other users of the Site. To the extent permitted under applicable laws, you hereby release Our Company from any and all claims or liability related to any product or service of a Merchant, any action or inaction by Merchant, including Merchant’s failure to comply with applicable law and/or failure to abide by the terms of Our Company and any conduct, speech, or Statements, whether online or offline, of any other user.
About Us
Check Us Out
Contact Us
Start Training Today
Community Resources
LocationTeam Tooke Mixed Martial Arts Academy10111 Grant Rd. Suite R, Houston, TX 77070(281) 955-7300
Social MediaWe
new friends!
We Accept
Pages
Home
Reviews
Privacy
The Team Tooke Mixed Martial Arts Academy website has earned the Go2Karate “TOP RATED” badge of approval.
Go2Karate.com is the largest martial arts directory listing website.
Go2Karate.com rates martial arts schools’ websites based on criteria that demonstrates a quality user experience, customer service and service rating based on reviews. Go2Karate.com has a selection process for rating all schools that receive the Go2Karate Top Rated Quality Badge.
Team Tooke Mixed Martial Arts Academy has met or exceeded the following Go2Karate Top Rated School requirements.
See Our Programs Here
Has a quality customer service system in place
Actively looking to train community members in krav maga
Offers discounts and special offers to community members
Manages online reputation
User friendly website with mobile first
Is actively working on growing their brand in the community while servicing their community
CLOSE
Your Name*
Share Your Testimonial
Rate Us!*12345We LOVE 5 Star Ratings. If you can't give us a 5-Star Rating
Please Use the Contact Form and Let Us Know How We can earn 5 Stars!Post Custom FieldCommentsThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
CLOSE
SCHEDULE YOUR BIRTHDAY PARTY TODAY!
Complete the information below and one of our Martial Arts Instructors will reach out to you soon.
Name*Phone*Email*
Party Package*Party PackageNinja Master PackageKarate Master PackageGrand Master Package
CLOSE
RESERVE YOUR SUMMER CAMP SPOT TODAY!
Complete the information below and one of our Martial Arts Instructors will reach out to you soon.
Name*Phone*Email*
CLOSE