http://www.chugachpowderguides.com/privacy-policy
Skip to content
THE EXPERIENCEHelicopter Skiing
Snowcat Skiing and Boarding
Accommodations
Alternative Activities
Dining in Girdwood
TERRAIN & TRIPSDay Skiing
Girdwood Private Charter
CPG TEAM
PLAN YOUR TRIPCurrent Rates
CPG Demo Skis and Snowboards
Heli-Ski and Cat-Ski Standby Lists
Recommendations: Trip Insurance
Privacy Policy
COVID-19 UPDATES
Privacy Policy
Chugach Powder Guides - Privacy Policy
Welcome to Chugach Powder Guides . We understand that privacy online is important to users of our Site, especially when conducting business. This statement governs our privacy policies with respect to those users of the Site ("Visitors"). "Personally Identifiable Information" Refers to any information that identifies or can be used to identify, contact, or locate the person to whom such information pertains, including, but not limited to, name, address, phone number, fax number, and email. Personally Identifiable Information does not include information that is collected anonymously (that is, without identification of the individual user) or demographic information not connected to an identified individual.
What Personally Identifiable Information is collected?
We may collect basic user profile information from all of our Visitors. We collect the following additional information from our Visitors: the names, addresses, phone numbers and email addresses of Visitors, the nature and size of the business, and the nature and size of the advertising inventory that the Visitors intends to purchase or sell.What organizations are collecting the information?
In addition to our direct collection of information, our third party service vendors (such as credit card companies, clearinghouses and banks) who may provide such services as credit, insurance, and escrow services may collect this information from our Visitors. We do not control how these third parties use such information, but we do ask them to disclose how they use personal information provided to them from Visitors. Some of these third parties may be intermediaries that act solely as links in the distribution chain, and do not store, retain, or use the information given to them.
How does the Site use Personally Identifiable Information?
We use Personally Identifiable Information to customize the Site, to make appropriate service offerings, and to fulfill buying and selling requests on the Site. We may email Visitors about research or purchase and selling opportunities on the Site or information related to the subject matter of the Site. We may also use Personally Identifiable Information to contact Visitors in response to specific inquiries, or to provide requested information.With whom may the information may be shared?
We may share aggregated information about our Visitors, including the demographics of our Visitors, with our affiliated agencies and third party vendors. We also offer the opportunity to "opt out" of receiving information or being contacted by us or by any agency acting on our behalf.
How is Personally Identifiable Information stored?
Personally Identifiable Information collected by Chugach Powder Guides is securely stored and is not accessible to third parties or employees of Chugach Powder Guides except for use as indicated above.What choices are available to Visitors regarding collection, use and distribution of the information?
Visitors may opt out of receiving unsolicited information from or being contacted by us and/or our vendors and affiliated agencies by responding to emails as instructed, or by contacting us at:
Chugach Powder Guides439 Mt Hood DrGirdwood, AK 99587907-783-4354reservations@cpgheli.com
Are Cookies used on the Site?
Cookies are used for a variety of reasons. We use Cookies to obtain information about the preferences of our Visitors and the services they select. We also use Cookies for security purposes to protect our Visitors.
Chugach Powder Guides use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google") for web statistics. Utilizing cookies, Google Analytics collects and reports aggregate data on site usage that be used to better design user experience.
Chugach Powder Guides has entered into and will continue to enter into partnerships and other affiliations with a number of vendors. Such vendors may have access to certain Personally Identifiable Information on a need to know basis for evaluating Visitors for service eligibility. Our privacy policy does not cover their collection or use of this information.
Disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information to comply with law
We will disclose Personally Identifiable Information in order to comply with a court order or subpoena or a request from a law enforcement agency to release information. We will also disclose Personally Identifiable Information when reasonably necessary to protect the safety of our Visitors.
How does the Site keep Personally Identifiable Information secure?
All of our employees are familiar with our security policy and practices. The Personally Identifiable Information of our Visitors is only accessible to a limited number of qualified employees who are given a password in order to gain access to the information. We audit our security systems and processes on a regular basis. Sensitive information is protected by encryption protocols to protect information sent over the Internet. While we take commercially reasonable measures to maintain a secure site, electronic communications and databases are subject to errors, tampering and break-ins, and we cannot guarantee or warrant that such events will not take place and we will not be liable to Visitors for any such occurrences.
How can Visitors correct any inaccuracies in Personally Identifiable Information?
Visitors may contact us to update Personally Identifiable Information about them or to correct any inaccuracies by emailing us at info@CPGHeli.comCan a Visitor delete or deactivate Personally Identifiable Information collected by the Site?
We provide Visitors with a mechanism to delete/deactivate Personally Identifiable Information from the Site's database by contacting us at info@CPGHeli.com. However, because of backups and records of deletions, it may be impossible to delete a Visitor's entry without retaining some residual information. An individual who requests to have Personally Identifiable Information deactivated will have this information functionally deleted, and we will not sell, transfer, or use Personally Identifiable Information relating to that individual in any way moving forward.
What happens if the Privacy Policy Changes?
We will let our Visitors know about changes to our privacy policy by posting such changes on the Site. However, if we are changing our privacy policy in a manner that might cause disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information that a Visitor has previously requested not be disclosed, we will contact such Visitor to prevent such disclosure.
Links
This web site contains links to other web sites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are moving to another web site. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of these linked sites as their privacy policies may differ from ours.
Webform Submissions Protected by Mollom Content Monitoring
By submitting forms on this site, you accept the Mollom privacy policy.
PLAN YOUR TRIP
Current Rates
CPG Demo Skis and Snowboards
Heli-Ski and Cat-Ski Standby Lists
Recommendations: Trip Insurance
Privacy Policy
Ready for some world-class runs?
(907) 783-HELI
or
shoot us a message about coming out and we'll get in touch with you.
First Name *
Last Name *
Email *
Phone Number *
Desired Start Date *
Desired End Date *
Number of Travelers *
Questions or Comments
CAPTCHAThis question is for testing whether or not you are a human visitor and to prevent automated spam submissions.
Math question *
1 + 0 =
Solve this simple math problem and enter the result. E.g. for 1+3, enter 4.
Start Here
About CPG
With 750,000 acres of heli terrain, 4 helicopters, 2 snowcats, and Alyeska Resort, CPG clients are in the mountains every day.
Chugach Powder Guides was founded in 1997 in the heart of the Western Chugach mountain range. Since then, CPG has opened up the finest backcountry skiing and snowboarding in the world, flying guests into terrain suitable for all skill levels. We have cataloged hundreds of new runs and tens of thousands of landings between the interior Chugach, Seward area, and Tordrillo mountains.
Physical: 439 Mount Hood Drive
Mailing: PO Box 641 Girdwood, AK, 99587
Phone: 907-783-4354
Fax: 907-519-6356
Email: reservations@cpgheli.com
Learn More About the Chugach
CPG Heli Status Line and Backcountry Trip Plan
Click to Call
Online Reservation
Newsletter Signup Fill out the form below to sign up for our newsletter.
Newsleter Signup
Email Address *
First Name
Last Name
CAPTCHAThis question is for testing whether or not you are a human visitor and to prevent automated spam submissions.
Math question *
2 + 2 =
Solve this simple math problem and enter the result. E.g. for 1+3, enter 4.
The Hotel Alyeska
Alyeska Resort is Alaska's premier year-round destination featuring the 304-room Hotel Alyeska. Alyeska is CPG's exclusive hospitality partner.
Heli Ski US
HSUS is a trade association whose members represent the very best helicopter skiing operators in the United States. Our members work cooperatively to help establish the highest safety and operating standards in the helicopter skiing industry.
US Forest Service
Operating under a special-use permit from the Chugach National Forest
Privacy Policy
Disclaimers
Sitemap
Website Development by