http://www.liveoakstud.com/privacyStatement.html
Entries and Results
|Home
|ABOUT US
|Divisions
|RACING
|TEAM
|NEWS
|Contact
|
Privacy Statement
Live Oak Stud located in Ocala, Florida is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the Live Oak Stud located in Ocala, Florida Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the Live Oak Stud located in Ocala, Florida website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Live Oak Stud located in Ocala, Florida collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Live Oak Stud located in Ocala, Florida also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by Live Oak Stud located in Ocala, Florida. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by Live Oak Stud located in Ocala, Florida for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Live Oak Stud located in Ocala, Florida Web site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Live Oak Stud located in Ocala, Florida public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Live Oak Stud located in Ocala, Florida does not read any of your private online communications.
Live Oak Stud located in Ocala, Florida encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from Live Oak Stud located in Ocala, Florida so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. Live Oak Stud located in Ocala, Florida is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Live Oak Stud located in Ocala, Florida and Live Oak Stud located in Ocala, Florida family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
Live Oak Stud located in Ocala, Florida collects and uses your personal information to operate the Live Oak Stud located in Ocala, Florida Web site and deliver the services you have requested. Live Oak Stud located in Ocala, Florida also may use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Live Oak Stud located in Ocala, Florida and its affiliates. Live Oak Stud located in Ocala, Florida may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Live Oak Stud located in Ocala, Florida does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Live Oak Stud located in Ocala, Florida may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Live Oak Stud located in Ocala, Florida may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Live Oak Stud located in Ocala, Florida, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Live Oak Stud located in Ocala, Florida does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Live Oak Stud located in Ocala, Florida keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within Live Oak Stud located in Ocala, Florida, in order to determine what Live Oak Stud located in Ocala, Florida services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Live Oak Stud located in Ocala, Florida to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Live Oak Stud located in Ocala, Florida Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Live Oak Stud located in Ocala, Florida or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Live Oak Stud located in Ocala, Florida; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Live Oak Stud located in Ocala, Florida, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Live Oak Stud located in Ocala, Florida Web site use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Live Oak Stud located in Ocala, Florida pages, or register with Live Oak Stud located in Ocala, Florida site or services, a cookie helps Live Oak Stud located in Ocala, Florida to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Live Oak Stud located in Ocala, Florida Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Live Oak Stud located in Ocala, Florida features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Live Oak Stud located in Ocala, Florida services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Live Oak Stud located in Ocala, Florida secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Live Oak Stud located in Ocala, Florida secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
Live Oak Stud located in Ocala, Florida will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Live Oak Stud located in Ocala, Florida encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Live Oak Stud located in Ocala, Florida is protecting your information.
Contact Information
Live Oak Stud located in Ocala, Florida welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Live Oak Stud located in Ocala, Florida has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Live Oak Stud located in Ocala, Florida at info@liveoakstud.com. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
|DIVISIONS
|RACING
|STALLIONS
|CONTACT
|
Live Oak News
American Giant collects second stakes win at Gulfstream
Saturday, November 7, 2020
American Giant pulled away in the final furlong of Saturday's Cellars Shiraz S. at Gulfstream Park to register a 1 3/4-length win...
[read more]
March to the Arch draws post 8 for Breeders' Cup Mile (G1)
Thursday, November 5, 2020
March to the Arch will try to become Live Oak Plantation's third winner of the Breeders' Cup Mile (G1) Saturday at Keeneland...
[read more]
Entries and Results
|Home
|ABOUT US
|Divisions
|RACING
|TEAM
|NEWS
|Contact
|
© LIVE OAK STUD 2006 - 2020 • 9275 SW 9TH ST RD • OCALA, FL 34481 • 352-854-2691
Terms of Use  | Privacy Statement
Login
Created by PM Advertising & Powered by Horse Hosting
- Horse Racing News