http://www.brunswickslsc.org/privacy
Skip to content
PRIVACY OVERVIEW
Brunswick Surf Life Saving Club periodically reviews its Privacy Policy and reserves the right, at its discretion, to modify or remove portions of this policy at any time. Brunswick Surf Life Saving Club considers the responsible use of personal information to be of vital importance. Brunswick Surf Life Saving Club is committed to ensuring that to the best of our ability we meet all the requirements of the National Privacy Principals and the Privacy Act.
In general, you can visit Brunswick Surf Life Saving Club website without revealing any personal information about yourself. However there are times when information will be collected, such as when you use our contact form, for billing purposes, appraisals or in connection with community postings such as message boards or feedback to us or to receive information from us. This information may include your name, home or business address and e-mail address. Personal information will only be collected when knowingly and voluntarily submitted.
YOUR INFORMATION
Brunswick Surf Life Saving Club does not sell or rent personal information regarding our clients and their customers to any third party. The provision of your personal and or organization information regarding yourself and including any information on your clients and or customers will only be used for the purpose of providing to you and administering our products and services.
Brunswick Surf Life Saving Club will seek your permission to send you further communications at the time you provide us with your personal information. If at any time after submitting your personal information to Brunswick Surf Life Saving Club you would no longer like to receive information from us, simply follow the ‘unsubscribe’ directions at the end of any e-mail communications you receive.
No attempt will be made to identify users or their browsing activities except in the unlikely event of an investigation, where a law enforcement agency may exercise a warrant to inspect server logs. The statistics and log files may be preserved indefinitely and used at any time and in any way necessary to prevent security breaches and to ensure the integrity of the information supplied by Brunswick Surf Life Saving Club.
In general on Brunswick Surf Life Saving Club websites, IP addresses (a number that is unique to the computer through which you are connected to the internet) are logged to track a user’s session while the user remains anonymous. We analyse this data for certain trends and statistics, such as which parts of our site users are visiting and how long they spend there. In general, we do not link your IP addresses to anything personally identifiable to you. In those limited cases where session information is not anonymous, Brunswick Surf Life Saving Club will provide notice of the practice and an opportunity to ‘opt out.’
When Brunswick Surf Life Saving Club receives information about your session or about you, we may also use it for research or to improve our site and the services we offer you.
COOKIES
Some Brunswick Surf Life Saving Club web pages use “cookies”.
Cookies can make your subsequent visits to the web page simpler and more seamless. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. (However, by not accepting cookies, some web pages may not display properly or you may not be permitted to access certain information.). A server cannot find out a name or e-mail address, or anything about a user’s computer, by using cookies. Cookie information is not stored or collected by Brunswick Surf Life Saving Club.
Once Brunswick Surf Life Saving Club receives information from you via e-mail or any other means, the information is in a secure environment. Your personal information will not be released unless Brunswick Surf Life Saving Club believes in good faith that the law requires it or your permission is granted.
SECURITY
Brunswick Surf Life Saving Club strives to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of personal information submitted to our sites, and periodically updates its security measures in light of current technologies. You need to be aware of inherent risks associated with the transmission of information via the Internet. Brunswick Surf Life Saving Club cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any personal information you submit to our sites. If you have concerns in this regard, Brunswick Surf Life Saving Club has other ways of obtaining and providing information. Normal mail, telephone and fax facilities are available.
Brunswick Surf Life Saving Club Websites may contain advertisements and links to other websites operated by third parties. These links are meant for your convenience only. We are not responsible for the privacy policies o these third party materials. Visitors to those sites should refer to their separate privacy policies and practices before disclosing personal information.