https://www.hawkpointegolf.com/privacy-policy-terms-of-con
Privacy Policy
May 2018
This website, hawkpointegolf.com is operated by Hawk Pointe Golf Club.
This Privacy Policy applies only to the website hawkpointegolf.com and the pages contained on it.
This Privacy Policy applies to the personal information collected from this website. It does not apply to personal information that Hawk Pointe Golf Club may collect offline.
This website may contain links to other websites that are not maintained or related to Hawk Pointe Golf Club or any Hawk Pointe Golf Club entity. These links are provided as a service to users; they are not sponsored by or affiliated with this website or any Hawk Pointe Golf Club entity. Hawk Pointe Golf Club has not reviewed any or all of the sites hyperlinked to or from this website and is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of other websites. These links are accessed at the user’s own risk, and Hawk Pointe Golf Club entities make no representations or warranties about the content, completeness, or accuracy of these hyperlinked sites. Websites that are accessible by hyperlinks from this website may use cookies. Before providing personal information to them, we encourage you to read the respective website’s privacy statements. Hawkpointegolf.com does not implicitly endorse third-party sites hyperlinked to this website.
Consent
By submitting your personal information on this website (for example, by completing an online form requesting a brochure or entering a contest), you agree that we may collect, use, store and disclose your personal information in the manner described in this Privacy Policy set forth below and elsewhere on the website.
Hawk Pointe Golf Club Privacy Policy
Hawk Pointe Golf Club is committed to both protecting the privacy of users of this website and to providing those users with various opportunities and services. This Privacy Policy covers how we treat personally identifiable and non-personally identifiable information collected when you visit and use this website and its features. Except as otherwise required by law, this policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Hawk Pointe Golf Club does not own or control or to people that Hawk Pointe Golf Club does not employ or manage.
Types of personal and non-personal information collected
You have the option of submitting personal information while visiting hawkpointegolf.com. If you choose to provide it, Hawk Pointe Golf Club collects this personal information. Personal information identifies or can be used to identify an individual. For example, it includes a name, home address, telephone number, and/or email address.
If you request information about Hawk Pointe Golf Club products or services through the online form or via an email sent to Hawk Pointe Golf Club we will collect your name, contact information, and any other information you provided. You can choose whether you want to receive regular Hawk Pointe Golf Club related updates and offers.
Like most websites, hawkpointegolf.com website gathers traffic patterns, site-usage, and other aggregated data. This data is used to evaluate visitor preferences and website effectiveness. This aggregate data does NOT individually identify you.
This website is directed to adults at least 18 years old. When a user discloses personal information on this website, the user is representing that he or she is an adult.
Children
hawkpointegolf.com does not knowingly collect or solicit Personally Identifiable Information from or about children under the age of 13 except as permitted by law. If we discover we have received any information from a child under the age of 13 in violation of this policy, we will delete that information immediately. If you believe hawkpointegolf.com has any information from or about anyone under the age of 13, please contact us at webmaster@appliedgolf.com.
How is the personal information that is collected used or shared?
We may use your personal information for various purposes. We may use your personal information to analyze the effectiveness of our online and offline marketing efforts and to develop products, services, and marketing programs.
Unless you have informed us that you do not wish to receive updates related to hawkpointegolf.com, we may also use your personal information to email or hard-copy mail such information. At any time, you can decide to decline further updates from us by sending an e-mail to Webmaster@appliedgolf.com with “UNSUBSCRIBE to Hawk Pointe Golf Club” in the subject line or by clicking unsubscribe on the email directly when a link is present.
We do not sell or rent any of the personal information that you disclose to us to third parties. However, in certain instances, we may share your personal information with our affiliates, franchisees, agents, and lenders. You can opt-out at any time of direct marketing by emailing Webmaster@appliedgolf.com.
We do not share or authorize third parties who are not affiliated with hawkpointegolf.com to make independent use of your information for their own purposes, such as for direct marketing.
We may disclose information to law enforcement agencies or others if we are legally required to do so. In addition, certain statutory authorizations may allow us to disclose personal information in emergency situations.
In conjunction with due diligence for or completion of a merger, reorganization, or sale to a third party of our company or a major portion of its assets, we may disclose, transfer, or sell the personal information collected through our website. Although we do not currently anticipate such an event, changes to our privacy practices may result.
Accessing your personal information
At your request, we will provide you with an opportunity to access and if necessary, correct the personal information that you submitted via the online form and that is stored in our database. To make a request, please e-mail us at Webmaster@appliedgolf.com. We reserve the right to confirm the identity of the requester and limit the frequency of an individual’s requests.
This Privacy Policy may change
Like most companies, we reserve the right to update this Privacy Policy as needed. Each time it is updated, a new date will appear at the top. Regularly reviewing this page ensures that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances if any, we will share it with other parties.
Use of Cookies
Use of cookies is an industry standard and you will find them at most major websites. Cookies are data that a website transfers to an individual’s hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies make surfing the internet easier by saving your passwords, purchases, and preferences while you are at a website.
The hawkpointegolf.com website uses cookies. By showing how and when visitors use the website, cookies help us see which pages and sections are popular and which are not. Improvements and updates to the website may be based on data such as total number of cookies to retrieve information from your computer that was not originally sent in a cookie. Except as described below, we do not use information transferred through cookies for any promotional or marketing purposes. We do not share this information with third parties, except with contracted technology vendors or if needed for a legal proceeding. Although highly unlikely, you may occasionally get cookies from our advertisers and/or partners. We do not control these cookies, and a different cookie policy may apply to them.
The use of advertising cookies sent by third-party servers is standard in the Internet industry. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If you prefer, you can set yours to refuse cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent. (However, if you do so, it is possible that some pages / sections of a website will not function properly.)
Integration of Third Party Platforms and Services
The Services may be linked to, rely on and/or be integrated with websites, applications, interfaces, services and/or platforms operated by third-party companies, including service providers, Third Party Platforms and developers/owners of certain Hawk Pointe Golf Club-branded properties (“Developers”).  The Services may also feature advertisements from other third parties. Hawk Pointe Golf Club is not responsible for the privacy practices of any websites, applications, interfaces, services and platforms operated by such third parties that are linked to, rely on and/or integrated with the Services, including those Hawk Pointe Golf Club-branded websites operated by Developers, or for the privacy practices of third-party advertising companies. Once you leave this Services via such a link, access a third party application, interface, service, or platform, including Third Party Platforms and websites operated by service providers or Developers, or click on or navigate to an advertisement, you should check the applicable privacy policy of such third party to determine, among other things, how they will handle any personally identifiable or other information that they may collect from you.
Accuracy of Information
It is your responsibility to give us current, complete, truthful and accurate information, and to keep such information up to date. We cannot and will not be responsible for any problems or liability that may arise if you do not give us accurate, truthful or complete information, or you fail to update such information.  We will reject and delete any entry that we believe in good faith to be false, fraudulent or inconsistent with this Privacy Policy.
Marketing and Promotional Communications.  At times, you may be presented with the option of whether to receive, or automatically entered to receive, certain marketing and promotional communications from us and others that we think will be of interest to you. Recipients of such communications can unsubscribe by either following the specific instructions included in such communications or you may “opt-out” of receiving marketing and promotional e-mails from us at any time by or by sending an email to us at mailto:webmaster@appliedgolf.com detailing your privacy request. Please note that “opt-out” and “unsubscribe” requests may not take effect immediately and may take a reasonable amount of time to receive, process and apply, during which time your information shall remain subject to the prior privacy settings. Additionally, you should be aware that any information provided to third parties prior to your election to opt-out or unsubscribe cannot be retrieved or rescinded by us unless required by applicable law, and you cannot retroactively opt-out or unsubscribe with respect to such third parties.  Also, please note that in order to keep you informed about the operation of our Services and related services, we may always send you emails and announcements that are needed for the proper functioning and administration of our Services.  We may also have features that allow you to submit information, questions or feedback to us. In those instances, we may retain your emails and other information you submit to us for our internal purposes, and to help us to serve you better.
Security of personal information
We have technology measures to protect any personal information you submit from misuse and loss, such as firewalls and password-protected areas using established industry standards. These measures are also designed to protect personal information from unauthorized access, modification, and disclosure. However, no data protection measures are entirely foolproof when data is transmitted and stored over the Internet.
Depending on the Device you are using, we may use third party services to provide mapping services. For example, Hawk Pointe Golf Club may use Google maps on certain Devices—you can learn more about the information that Google collects through its mapping services at http://www.google.com/privacy.html.
User Posts
You may have the ability to use the Services to communicate with other users of the Services and post comments to or otherwise interact with certain aspects of the Services that are available to the public and/or other users.  We may collect any information you submit, post or provide in the course of such activities.
Sweepstakes, Contests, and Promotions
From time to time, we may offer sweepstakes, contests, and other promotions (any, a "Promotion") through the Services that may require registration. By participating in a Promotion, you are agreeing to official rules that govern that Promotion, which may contain specific requirements of you, including, allowing the sponsor of the Promotion to use your name, voice and/or likeness in advertising or marketing associated with the Promotion. If you opt to enter a Promotion, your information may be disclosed to third parties or the public in connection with the administration of such Promotion, including, in connection with winner selection, prize fulfillment, and as required by law or permitted by the Promotion's official rules, such as on list of the winners.
Contacting Us
Any questions regarding this policy may be addressed to Webmaster@appliedgolf.com.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Hawk Pointe Golf Club (the "Company"), offers the Use (as defined below) of www.hawkpointegolf.com ("Website"), subject to the following terms and conditions ("Terms and Conditions"). The viewer or user (collectively, the "User") should read these Terms and Conditions carefully before using the Website. By continuing to view and use the Website, the User agrees to these Terms and Conditions. If the User does not agree to the Terms and Conditions set forth herein or otherwise on the Website, the User must not use it. The Company retains the right to change the content of the Website or these Terms and Conditions at any time. Any changes made to these Terms and Conditions shall be effective immediately upon posting. The User's continued Use of the Website constitutes acceptance of those changes.
The situating of the Website on the World Wide Web and/or Internet constitutes a continuing offer by the Company to the User to Use, as such term is defined below, the Website according to the Terms and Conditions. By utilizing the Website in any manner, including, without limitation, by viewing the same (collectively, a "Use"), the User accepts that offer and creates a binding contract between the two parties to adhere to the same. The parties stipulate that sufficient consideration exists to create that contract, and that it is therefore binding upon them. Further, by Use of the Website, the User makes the material representation upon which they wish the Company to reasonably rely that they will adhere to the Terms and Conditions in connection with the User's Use of the Website. If the User is dissatisfied with any of the Terms and Conditions, the User's sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the Website. Finally, by Use of the Website, the User also stipulates that a violation of any of the Terms and Conditions will result in irreparable harm to the Company not compensable in money damages, such that, without limitation, injunctive relief shall be a necessary and appropriate remedy.
The Website contains images and contents, including but not limited to images, photographs, website text, software, pictures, graphics, video clips, audio clips, digital downloads, data, messages or any and all other information controlled by the Website (collectively, "Materials").
General Disclaimer:
This Website contains general information about the Company for customers and potential customers. The Company takes no responsibility for information sent to it intercepted by third-parties. User understands that while the Company endeavors to maintain the confidentiality of these communications, communication via Internet, cell phoneand other modalities are vulnerable to interception and may not be fully secure. By sending such communication, User assumes the risk of the same. As further set forth herein, the Company takes no responsibility for the information contained on any website to which this one may be linked, as the same is completely independent of this Website.
Access to Website - Limited License:
The Website and the content provided therein, including without limitation, the Materials and other text, graphics, button icons, audio clips, video clips, digital downloads, photographs, biographical information, data compilations and software, may not be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted or distributed without the written permission of the Company. Moreover, the User shall not to download (other than page caching) or modify any portion of the Website without the Company's prior written approval. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company grants the User a limited non-exclusive license to make personal, non-commercial use of the Website. The User is also granted a limited license to print copies of any Materials posted on the Website, but only for the User's personal, non-commercial use. Except as expressly provided, all rights are reserved. The Company may terminate this license at any time by amendment of these Terms and Conditions.
Moreover, and notwithstanding the foregoing, if User exercises their rights under the above-referenced license, they must retain all copyright and trademark notices, including any other proprietary notices, contained in the Materials. User shall not, under any circumstances, alter, obscure or obliterate any of such notices. The use of such Materials or any portion of the Website on any other website or in any environment of networked computers is strictly prohibited without the Company's advance written consent, which may be withheld in Company's sole discretion.
User Conduct:
By utilizing the Website, the User makes the material representation upon which the User wishes the Company to reasonably rely, that they will comply with the code of conduct set forth below:
•(a) The User, when utilizing the Website, will not do so in an unauthorized manner, or in a manner which violates any legal or regulatory proscription or duty, including, without limitation, violating the Company's intellectual property or that of another;
•(b) The User will not utilize the Website in a manner that is harmful to the Company or any other person or entity;
•(c) The User will not utilize any information that the User gained as a result of using the Website to illegally or improperly violate another person's or entity's privacy rights.
•(d) The User shall not utilize any of the Company's trademarks as metatags on other websites or otherwise use the Company's trademarks for User's own advertising or pecuniary gain, including without limitation utilization as Google® AdWords;
•(e) The User shall not utilize the Website in regard to any commercial activities, advertising or sales without the prior written consent of the Company, which may be unreasonably withheld;
•(f) The User shall not use any robot, spider or other intelligent agent software or device to access or monitor the Website in any manner;
•(g) The User will not transmit any content or information that is unlawful, fraudulent, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, indecent, obscene, pornographic or otherwise objectionable;
•(h) The User shall not access the Website for intent of malicious conduct;
•(i) The User will not restrict any other user from properly using the Website, including without limitation, by way of "computer hacking" or otherwise altering the software or functionality of the Website and its underlying programs;
•(j) The User will not imply that any of their statements are endorsed by the Company, or that User is otherwise associated with the Company in any manner;
•(k) The User will not use the Website if the User is not able to form legally binding contracts or has been temporarily or indefinitely suspended from the Website;
•(l) The User will not transmit any material, non-public information about any person or entity without the proper authorization to do so;
•(m) The User will not transmit any advertisements, solicitations or any unsolicited communication without the Company's express permission to do so;
•(n) The User will not cover or obscure any advertisements located within the Website;
•(o) The User will not revise, modify, reverse engineer or in any way alter any portion of the Website or its contents or underlying technology;
•(p) The User will not "frame" or "mirror" any part of the Website;
•(q) The User will not utilize any device to enable him to circumvent the structure of the Website and/or spam or flood the site;
•(r) The User will not collect any information about visitors to the Website without the Company's express permission to do so;
•(s) The User shall not deliver, or provide links to any postings without the prior written permission of the Company, including, without limitation, to any materials which are deemed, in the Company's sole discretion to be harmful, lewd, obscene, violent, insulting, threatening, hateful or otherwise objectionable;
•(t) The User shall not impersonate any other person and/or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent that they have an affiliation with any other person or entity, or otherwise mislead, deceive or defraud the Company or any other party; and
•(u) The User will not create a database utilizing any information found within the Website.
Moreover, the User hereby makes the material representation upon which they wish the Company to reasonably rely that: (i) they are at least 13 years of age; (ii) they are a resident of the United States; and (iii) they are authorized to use the Website and/or provide  information to the Website.
Copyrights; Restrictions On Use:
The Materials on the Website are copyrighted by the Company, its affiliates or its licensors underUnited States and international copyright laws, are subject to other intellectual property and proprietary rights and laws, and are owned by the Company, its affiliates or its licensors. The Materials may not be copied, modified, reproduced, republished, posted, transmitted, sold, offered for sale or redistributed in any way without the prior written permission of the Company and its applicable licensors, with the sole exception that User may print copies of the Materials for User's personal, noncommercial use. User must abide by all copyright notices, information or restrictions contained in or attached to any Material. User agrees not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit for any commercial purposes any portion of the Website, including, without limitation, any of the Materials or access to the Website.
Trademarks:
"Hawk Pointe Golf Club" and variations thereof, as well as certain other of the names, logos and materials displayed on the Website constitute trademarks, trade names, service marks or logos ("Marks") of the Company or other related entities. User is not authorized to use any such Marks or any variations thereof. Ownership of all such Marks and the goodwill associated therewith remains with the Company or other related entities.
Communications:
Any communications, including, without limitation, emails, pictures, audio clips, videos, graphics and/or other material sent directly, or by carbon copy or otherwise to the Company or any of its officers, employees or agents and any postings to the Website shall become the Company's property upon the transmission of the same. User grants the perpetual and irrevocable right to both publicly or non-publicly utilize the same, including the identifying information contained therein, in any manner whatsoever, at no charge.
Notices:
All notices or other communications to the Company, if any, that are to be given under these Terms and Conditions must be in writing, which shall be given by delivery to the address set forth below by way of either personal delivery, certified mail, return receipt requested, two-day mail or overnight mail by a commercial carrier. Notices to the Company shall be deemed given only upon receipt. Notices to the Company may also be given by electronic mail, provided that it is followed by an exact copy by either regular mail, personal delivery, certified mail, return receipt requested or two-day mail or overnight mail by a commercial carrier to the same addresses set forth above. Such notice shall be deemed effective twenty four (24) hours after the message was sent, if no ”system error" message or other notice of non-delivery is generated. Notices to the Company shall be addressed as set forth below unless it changes the address in writing by updating these Terms and Conditions.
The address for giving notice to the Company is as follows:
Hawk Pointe Golf Club
4 Clubhouse Drive, Washington, NJ 07882
Notices to User shall be provided by the Company via email or any other address which the Company reasonably believes to be associated with the User, if known. Notice shall be deemed effective upon delivery of the same by the Company.
Indemnification:
The User agrees to indemnify, hold harmless and defend the Company, its affiliates, and any members, directors, officers, employees or agents (collectively, "Company Parties") of any of the foregoing with respect to any claim, demand, cause of action, debt,  liability, damages, costs or expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses of Company's selected attorneys, arising from any third-party claim relating to (i) User's infringement of any intellectual property of any person or entity, including without  limitation, patents, trade secrets, copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade names or similar proprietary rights; (ii) any failure by the User to comply with these Terms and Conditions, specifically including the "User Conduct" as set forth above; (iii) the User's  Use of the Website; and/or (iv) any act or omission or willful misconduct on the part of the User that results in a claim for breach of any representations, warranties or covenants made herein against any of the Company Parties.
Attorneys' Fees:
If Company or any of the Company Parties undertake any action to enforce these Terms and Conditions, such party will be entitled to recover from the User, and User hereby agrees to pay, any and all attorneys' fees and any cost of litigation, in addition to any other relief at law or in equity to which such party may be entitled. In such event, the Company shall be entitled to recover all costs including both actual pre-judgment and post-judgment attorneys' fees and costs, involved directly or indirectly in its enforcement efforts, whether or not it does so through institution of formal legal proceedings.
Privacy:
Please refer to the Company's Privacy Policy. The User is bound to the terms contained therein.
Cookies:
The Company specifically acknowledges and hereby notifies User that it may utilize "cookies" in connection with the operation of the Website. The User agrees that such cookies may be placed on their computer, in connection with their access to, and use of, the Website. Nevertheless, the User should note that they can likely make adjustments to their web browser which may enable it to control the use of cookies. Such action, however, could affect the User's Use of the Website.
DISCLAIMER:
User explicitly agrees that Use of the Website or any of the Materials contained herein is at their own and sole risk. The Website and all Materials contained therein are provided "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including but not limited to, any implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title or non-infringement. Neither the Website nor the Company makes any representations or warranties that the Website or any Materials contained therein will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error free; nor does the Website make any representations or warranties as to the quality, fitness, truth, accuracy, currency, reliability or wholeness of the Website or any of the Materials contained herein. The User also understands and agrees that any material and/or data downloaded or otherwise obtained through the Use of the Website or any of the Materials contained herein is done at their own discretion and risk and that the User will be solely responsible for any damage to their computer system or loss of data that results from the download of such material and/or data. The User understands that the Company cannot and does not guarantee or warrant that files available for downloading from the Internet will be free of viruses, worms, Trojan horses or other code that may manifest contaminating or destructive properties. The Company makes no warranty regarding any use of confidential or private information that User may provide. The Company may change any of the Terms and Conditions and/or information found on the Website at any time without notice. The Company makes no commitment to update the information found on the Website. The Company makes no commitment to update the Materials. The warranties and representations set forth in these Terms and Conditions are the only warranties and representations with respect to these Terms and Conditions, and are in lieu of any and all other warranties, written or oral, express or implied, that may arise either by agreement between the parties or by operation of law, including warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. None of these warranties and representations will extend to any third person. Some jurisdictions do not allow the elimination of certain warranties, so some of the above exclusions may not apply to the User.
Further, Company is not responsible for the conduct of other Users, whether online or offline. Under no circumstances shall the Company be responsible for any loss or damage, including, without limitation personal injury or death, resulting from the use of the Website or the conduct of any other Users, whether online or offline. The Use of the Website is "AS-IS" and the Company, as set forth above, expressly disclaims any and all warranties.
Limitation of Liability:
COMPANY ASSUMES NO RESPONSIBILITY, AND SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR, ANY DAMAGES TO, OR VIRUSES THAT MAY INFECT USER'S COMPUTER EQUIPMENT OR OTHER PROPERTY ON ACCOUNT OF ITS ACCESS TO, USE OF OR BROWSING IN THE WEBSITE OR THEIR DOWNLOADING OF ANY MATERIALS, DATA, TEXT, IMAGES, VIDEO OR AUDIO FROM THE SITE. EXCEPT WHERE SPECIFICALLY REQUIRED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL COMPANY BE LIABLE FOR ANY  INJURY, LOSS, CLAIM, DAMAGE OR ANY SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO INCURRED EXPENSES OR PROPERTY DAMAGE), WHETHER  BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE, WHICH ARISE OUT OF OR ARE IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH (I) ANY USE OF THIS SITE OR CONTENT FOUND HEREIN, (II) ANY FAILURE, DELAY OR INABILITY TO USE ANY  COMPONENT OF THIS SITE, OR (III) THE PERFORMANCE OR NON-PERFORMANCE BY COMPANY.
If, notwithstanding the foregoing, Company should be found liable for any loss or damage which arises out of or is in any way connected with any of the above-described functions or uses of the Website, or any Materials, Company's liability shall in no event exceed, in the aggregate, US$100.00. In its sole discretion, in addition to any other rights or remedies available to Company and without any liability whatsoever, Company at any time and without notice may terminate or restrict Users' access to any component of the Website. Some states do not allow limitation of liability, so the foregoing limitation may not apply to the User.
User acknowledges and agrees that the representations and obligations of the User hereunder shall survive and continue in perpetuity.
Release:
BY UTILIZING THE WEBSITE, USER HEREBY RELEASES, REMISES AND FOREVER DISCHARGES AND GIVES UP ANY AND ALL CLAIMS AND RIGHTS WHICH IT MAY HAVE AGAINST THE COMPANY AND ITS AFFILIATES, PARTNERS, SERVICE  PROVIDERS, VENDORS AND CONTRACTORS AND EACH OF THEIR RESPECTIVE AGENTS, ATTORNEYS, DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AND ALL OTHER RELATED PERSONS OR ENTITIES BASED ON ANY ACT, EVENT OR OMISSION, AND  FROM ANY AND ALL MANNER OF RIGHTS, CLAIMS, COMPLAINTS, DEMANDS, CAUSES OF ACTION, PROCEEDINGS, LIABILITIES, OBLIGATIONS, LEGAL FEES, COSTS AND DISBURSEMENTS OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, WHETHER KNOWN  OR UNKNOWN, WHICH NOW OR HEREAFTER ARISE FROM, RELATE TO OR ARE CONNECTED WITH THE USE OF THE WEBSITE, SERVICES AND PRODUCTS RELATED THERETO. USER FURTHER WAIVES, RELEASES AND GIVES UP ANY AND ALL CLAIMS AND DEFENSES ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO ANY ACT, EVENT OR OMISSION. THIS INCLUDES, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY CLAIM WHICH COULD BE ASSERTED NOW OR IN THE FUTURE UNDER (I) THE COMMON LAW; (II) ANY OF THE PARTIES POLICIES, PRACTICES OR PROCEDURES; AND/OR (III) ANY FEDERAL AND/OR STATE STATUTES OR REGULATIONS.
Successors and Assigns:
Whenever the term "the Company" is used in connection with these Terms and Conditions, and in accordance with the other modes and methods set forth in the other web pages of the Website regarding its use in regard to a right, protection or benefit, it shall be construed to encompass the Company, its related entities, successors, assigns, directors, officers, employees and agents. Further, the term "User" used in connection with these Terms and Conditions shall include his/her/its heirs, related entities, successors, assigns, directors, officers, employees and agents.
Authorized Permission for Use:
The User shall be considered an entity if the individual accessing the Website is doing so on behalf of an entity or is utilizing that entity's computer system in connection with a task (either paid or unpaid) for that entity. If the User is an entity, the person using the Website on its behalf hereby makes the material representation upon which they wish the Company to rely that they are authorized to bind that entity to the Terms and Conditions set forth above, as well as any other obligations imposed or undertaken through Use of the Website. The Company reserves the right to terminate the User's access to, and use of, whether as an individual or entity, the Website and any of its contents, including, without limitation, the Materials, or use of any of the Company's services at its sole discretion and without any advance notice to the User.
Dispute Resolution:
A party to these Terms and Conditions may not institute a suit at law or equity regarding any dispute, whether directly or indirectly related or collateral to these Terms and Conditions. All such claims or disputes, whether between or among the parties, shall be submitted to arbitration administered by a mutually acceptable arbitrator affiliated with the American Arbitration Association and its rules and guidelines shall apply, or its International Center for Dispute Resolution, if applicable. Without limitation, any dispute over the arbitrability of a matter shall be specifically reserved for the arbitrator to exclusively hear and shall not be submitted to the court. Should the parties be unable to agree upon an arbitrator, the arbitrator shall be chosen by a determination of a court of competent jurisdiction. The arbitration proceedings shall be in English. The arbitrator shall have the authority to award any remedy or relief that a court of the State of New York could order or grant. Each party will perform all acts, including the execution and delivery of further documents, as the arbitrator deems necessary or desirable to confirm and carry out the terms of the award rendered. Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having competent jurisdiction thereof.  The award rendered by the arbitrator in any arbitration is final and binding on the parties. The arbitration award may be appealed to a court of competent jurisdiction solely on the basis that the award was arbitrary or capricious.
However, notwithstanding the foregoing, either prior to, during or after the arbitration process, any Party to these Terms and Conditions may institute a suit in equity for a temporary injunction (a) to preserve the status quo; (b) to enjoin a breach or threatened breach of this Release; (c) to obtain specific performance; (d) to compel the arbitration or further its purposes and/or to enforce a settlement or award of such arbitration; and/or (e) for any other equitable relief.
Further Assurances:
The User covenants and agrees to perform further all acts and execute all supplementary instruments or documents which may be requested by the Company to carry out the provisions and effectuate the intent of these Terms and Conditions.
Assignment:
Company may freely assign its rights and obligations in and to these Terms and Conditions. The User acknowledges that it may not assign, transfer or sell its rights under these Terms and Conditions without Company's express written consent, which may be unreasonably withheld. Any purported assignment without Company's consent shall be deemed null and void.
Severability:
If any portion of these Terms and Conditions is ruled invalid or otherwise unenforceable, it shall be deemed amended in order to achieve as closely as possible the same effect as originally drafted. Any invalid or unenforceable portion shall be construed as narrowly as possible in order to give effect to as much of the Terms and Conditions as possible.
Links to Other Sites:
The User acknowledges and agrees that the Company has no responsibility for the accuracy or availability of information provided by websites to which a User may link from the Website ("Linked Sites"). Links to Linked Sites are provided as a convenience to the user, and do not constitute an endorsement by or association with the Company of such sites or the content, products, advertising or other materials presented on such sites. The Company does not author, edit or monitor these Linked Sites. User acknowledges and agrees that the Company is not responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on such Linked  Sites. If User accesses a Linked Site, they do so at their own risk.
No Third-Party Beneficiaries:
These Terms and Conditions are not intended to be for the benefit of and shall not be enforceable by any unaffiliated third party, except as may be specifically provided herein. Nothing herein, express or implied, is intended to or shall confer on any third party any rights (including third-party beneficiary rights), remedies, obligations or liabilities under or by reason of these Terms and Conditions or otherwise set forth in the Website, except as may be specifically provided herein. These Terms and Conditions shall not provide third parties with any remedy, claim, liability, reimbursement, cause of action or other rights in excess of those existing without reference to the terms herein. No third party shall have any right, independent of any right that exists irrespective of these Terms and Conditions, to bring any suit at law or equity for any matter governed by or subject to the provisions herein.
Prohibited by Law:
In the event that any aspect of the Website or these Terms and Conditions is prohibited by law in User's jurisdiction, User agrees not to Use the Website. It is solely User's responsibility to determine whether it is allowed by law to participate in the Website.  Without limitation, the User releases Company from all liability that could arise from User's prohibited participation in the Website or acceptance of these Terms and Conditions. Moreover, and without limiting the indemnification otherwise provided herein, User shall indemnify, defend and hold Company and all Company Parties harmless for any and all damages relating to a violation of this paragraph.
International Use:
In light of the international scope of the Internet, User agrees to comply with all local laws, rules and regulations, including but not limited to those applicable to online conduct and acceptable Internet content. Without limitation, User acknowledges and agrees that it shall comply with all applicable laws and regulations regarding the transmission of technical data from the United States or the country in which the User may reside.
Miscellaneous:
The Company's failure to enforce any term, provision or condition of these Terms and Conditions, including the breach or default thereof, by conduct, course of dealing or otherwise, in one or more instances shall not be deemed a waiver. To the extent that a provision of these Terms and Conditions is deemed unenforceable, the balance of it shall remain in full force and effect. The Parties may not change, modify nor amend this Agreement unless such change, modification or amendment is made in writing and signed by both Parties. The User acknowledges that they have not accepted these Terms and Conditions on the reliance of any representations or other promises of the Company, which is not specifically included herein. The User specifically stipulates that these Terms and Conditions do not constitute a contract of adhesion. The gender terms in these Terms and Conditions shall apply equally to either gender. The headings in these Terms and Conditions shall have no force and effect. User acknowledges and agrees that these Terms and Conditions and the privacy policy on the Website constitute the entire agreement of the Parties hereto relating to the subject matter hereof, and any prior agreements, understandings, representatives and commitments concerning such subject matter, whether oral or written, are hereby superseded and terminated in their entirety and are of no further force or effect. User acknowledges and agrees that it has not agreed to these Terms and Conditions in reliance upon any representation or promise other than those specified herein.
By their Use of the Website, the User represents that they has had the opportunity to review these Terms and Conditions with counsel of the User's choosing, if the User wished to do so. The User further acknowledges that they have thoroughly read these Terms and Conditions; understands that they are giving up certain legal rights that may otherwise exist; has asked any questions they desire to clarify its meaning; and believes it is in their interest to nevertheless proceed with to utilize the Website.
May 2018