https://www.friendlysky.com/liberty-bowl-terms-and-conditions/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to content
AutoZone Liberty Bowl Terms and Conditions
Terms & Conditions
What are the methods of payment?
AutoZone Liberty Bowl accepts several methods of payment to accommodate your needs, including: American Express, MasterCard, Visa, and Discover. During your purchase, you will be required to accept all terms and conditions before completing your transaction.
Orders are processed only after the name and billing address of the cardholder has been verified. AutoZone Liberty Bowl will only mail tickets to the name and billing address of the cardholder. No other names or addresses may be used.
If will call is chosen, customers must bring the Credit Card used to purchase their tickets and a valid photo ID or passport. The person picking up the tickets must be the owner of the credit card.
There are No Refunds or Exchanges. All purchases are final once the transaction is completed.
What are the terms on service charges, handling, facility, and / or parking fees?
Tickets purchased through AutoZone Liberty Bowl are subject to a per ticket service charge and a non-refundable per order processing fee. AutoZone Liberty Bowl may also include Parking, Facility, Convenience, and Processing fees on each ticket.
What are the terms on billing and ticket limits?
All orders are subject to credit card approval and billing address verification. We can only ship tickets to the billing address of the cardholder. Please adhere to published ticket limits. Orders exceeding the ticket limit will be cancelled without notice. This includes duplicate orders having the same name, billing address or credit card.
Canceled and Rescheduled Events
Occasionally, events are canceled or postponed. Should this occur, we will attempt to contact you to inform you of refund or exchange procedures for that event. For exact instructions on any canceled or postponed concert, please check the concert information online or Contact us.
If an event is canceled, and the ticket you purchased through the Site is eligible for a refund, we will issue you a refund to the credit card that you used to purchase that ticket.
If the event was moved or rescheduled, the Event Provider may set refund limitations. Please Contact us for more information or to request a refund if you cannot attend the rescheduled event. Please make sure to include/provide your account number so we can expedite your refund if applicable.
What are the terms on the limitations of liability, disclaimer?
AutoZone Liberty Bowl reserves the right at any time to:
Change the terms and conditions of these Terms;
Change the Site, including eliminating or discontinuing any content on or feature of the Site; or
Change any fees or charges for use of the Site.
Neither AutoZone Liberty Bowl nor any of our shareholders, licensors, suppliers, affiliates, advertisers or sponsors, nor our or their officers, directors, agents, employees, consultants or other representatives, warrant that your use of this website will be uninterrupted or error free; nor do they make any warranty as to the results that may be obtained from use of this website, or as to the accuracy, reliability or content of any information, service, or merchandise provided through this website. This website is provided on an “AS IS” basis without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including, but not limited to, warranties of title or implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, other than those warranties which are implied by and incapable of exclusion, restriction or modification under the laws applicable to this agreement. The disclaimers contained in this agreement apply to and damages or injury caused by any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus, communication line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to, alteration of, or use of record, whether for breach of contract, torturous behavior, negligence, or under any other cause of action. You expressly acknowledge and agree that AutoZone Liberty Bowl shall have no liability or responsibility whatsoever for any errors, mistakes, inaccuracies or omissions in any materials, or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any materials posted, emailed, transmitted or otherwise made available via the site. You specifically acknowledge that neither the company nor its parent company is liable for the defamatory, offensive or illegal conduct of other users or third parties and you assume the risk of injury from any of the foregoing. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.
In no event will AutoZone Liberty Bowl, its parent company, or any person or entity involved in creating, producing or maintaining this website be held liable for any damages, including, without limitation, direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages arising out of the use of inability to use this website. Because some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of limitation of incidental or consequential damages, the above exclusions of incidental and consequential damages may not apply to you, but will apply, in any event, to the maximum extent possible.
What are the terms on privacy?
AutoZone Liberty Bowl is committed to protecting the privacy of our customers. We will not sell nor distribute customer information to resources outside of AutoZone Liberty Bowl, Memphis, and the State of Tennessee.
By using libertybowl.org, you agree to the policies and procedures set forth by AutoZone Liberty Bowl. We reserve the right to change, modify, add, or remove portions of the AutoZone Liberty Bowl Privacy Policy at any time. If so, any such changes will be posted on this page. Please check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of this site following the posting of changes to the AutoZone Liberty Bowl Privacy Policy means you accept those changes. If you have any questions about the AutoZone Liberty Bowl Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us.
For more information, click here to view our full Privacy Policy.
What are the terms on promotions and contests?
At AutoZone Liberty Bowl, we hope you will be pleased with our promotions, giveaways, and contests. Dates and times of promotions, giveaways, and contests will vary and are subject to rules and regulations set forth by AutoZone Liberty Bowl and/or the State of Tennessee. Tickets, promotion items, giveaways, and contest prizes are subject to availability and cannot be exchanged or refunded. We reserve the right to change rules and regulations, which will become effective upon announcement. Those interested in participating in AutoZone Liberty Bowl promotions, giveaways, and/or contests can log on to liberybowl.org for further information on how to participate. Employees of AutoZone Liberty Bowl, participating sponsors, partners and event promoters are not eligible to participate in AutoZone Liberty Bowl contests. All who participate in AutoZone Liberty Bowl promotions, giveaways, and contests must be 18 years of age or older, and upon participation agree to be bound by all rules, policies, and regulations.
By participating in AutoZone Liberty Bowl promotions, giveaways, and contests, participants agree to have his/her voice or likeness used in advertising or broadcasting related to AutoZone Liberty Bowl promotions, giveaways, and contests without any compensation or rights to royalties for such use.
AutoZone Liberty Bowl contest winners may be required to sign a release form prior to receiving any prize. AutoZone Liberty Bowl promotions, giveaways, and contest participants and winners agree to hold Memphis, the State of Tennessee, AutoZone Liberty Bowl, its partners and sponsors, and event promoters harmless from and against any and all claims or liability arising directly or indirectly from the promotion, giveaway, or contest.
Copyright ©
FriendlySky All Rights Reserved.
Top