http://www.wheatoncollege.edu/policies
Skip to main content
Return to Campus
Alumni
Athletics
Giving
Parents & Families
insideWheaton
Navigation menu
Academics
Academics
Majors, Minors & DepartmentsWith more than 600 courses, 47 majors and 59 minors you will find plenty of opportunities to discover how the arts and sciences, humanities and social sciences compliment each other.
Faculty DirectoryWheaton faculty are renowned researchers, celebrated scholars, and influential artists, and they are all dedicated to teaching excellence.
The Wheaton Curriculum
Projects & Initiatives
Library
Global & Intercultural
Advising & Career Services
Course Catalog
Provost
Admission
Admission
Financial Aid & Merit ScholarshipsNeed-based financial aid is awarded to more than 65% of Wheaton students and our generous merit scholarships recognize students for high academic achievement, regardless of financial need.
Tuition & FeesWe understand a Wheaton College education is a substantial investment. But we want you to know the college is equally invested in making a Wheaton education within reach.
International Students
Transfer Students
Pre-College Programs
Visiting Wheaton
Applying to Wheaton
Meet the Admission Staff
Campus Life
Campus Life
Activities & OrganizationsAt Wheaton College you can find ways to do it all. Take your pick from more than 100 student-run clubs and organizations or start your own.
Housing & DiningMost of our students live on campus, creating a lively social scene, and are actively engaged in student clubs and activities.
Health & Wellness
Recreation & Fitness
Religious & Spiritual Life
Safety on Campus
Social Justice & Community Impact
Student Services
About Wheaton
About Wheaton
The BasicsWheaton is located in Norton, Massachusetts and enrolls approximately 1750 students representing more than 70 countries and 30 U.S. states.
The Wheaton EdgeWheaton prides itself on a personal and engaged academic and co-curricular learning experience for our students.
Campus & Community
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion
History & Traditions
Offices & Services
Outcomes & Impact
President & College Leadership
Sustainability
Search
type keywords here
Enter
×
Policies
These links will guide you to the official versions of college policies, wherever they appear on the college web site.
Statement of accreditation
Equal Opportunity
Official publication of required information
Campus crime report (Cleary Act)
Graduation rates (Student Right-to-know Act)
Policy against abuse of drugs and alcohol
Policy on privacy of student records (FERPA)
Student voter registration
General college policies
Affirmative Action
Bias Incident Policy & Reporting
Discrimination and Harassment Policies
Fire safety
Inclement Weather Guidelines & Information
Information technology acceptable use
Intellectual property
Mobile Apps Policies
Parking
Smoking
Travel Advisory Policy
Uncrewed Aircraft (Drone) Policy
Web Accessibility Notice
Academic
The Wheaton curriculum
Academic standards
Honor code and statement on plagiarism
Students
Alcohol
Costs
Disabilities
Drug Policy
Financial aid
Fund-raising on campus
Hazing
Honor code and community standards
Leaves of absence and withdrawals
Meal plan
Payments
Privacy of student records (FERPA)
Residence halls policies
Sexual and Gender-based Misconduct Policy (Students)
Staff
Discrimination and Harassment Policies
Sexual and Gender-based Misconduct Policy (Staff)
Staff Handbook – September 2020 (pdf)
Faculty
Faculty legislation
Sexual and Gender-based Misconduct Policy (Faculty)
Designated contacts
Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA)
Faculty affirmative action officer
Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA)
Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act
Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA)
Staff affirmative action officer
Wheaton College
26 E. Main Street
Norton, MA 02766-2322
Visit Wheaton
Learn more about when and how you can visit our campus.
Request Info
Receive announcements and materials based upon your academic interests.
Apply Now
Ready to apply? Check out our requirements and deadlines.