https://www.atlanticseakayaking.com/cookiepolicy/
Toggle navigation
Atlantic Sea Kayaking
Home
FAQ
About us
Team
Blog
News
Gallery
Honours
West Cork
Tours
Day Time Trips
Night-time Trips
Divider
Cork City Trips
International Trips
Packages
Group / Corporate Offers
Vouchers
e-Gift Vouchers
Gift Cards
Courses & Coaching
Contact
+3532821058
Shopping cart0
Shopping cart0
Your cart is currently empty.
Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy
HomeCookie Policy
x
USE OF COOKIES
Cookies are small data files that allow websites to recognise repeat visitors and are used to facilitate visitor navigation and experience of the website. The cookie does this by assigning a unique user number to the visitor. You should be aware that most browsers are initially configured to accept cookies, but you are entitled to refuse to accept cookies. If you wish to do so, then you should adjust your browser settings. You should be aware, however, that cookies can often be necessary to provide you with a certain website feature such as customised delivery of information.
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to collect information about visitor behaviour on our website. Google Analytics stores information about what pages you visit, how long you are on the site, how you got here and what you click on. This Analytics data is collected via a JavaScript tag in the pages of our site and is not tied to personally identifiable information.We therefore do not collect or store your personal information (e.g. your name or address) so this information cannot be used to identify who you are.
You can find out more about Google’s position on privacy as regards its analytics service at http://www.google.com/intl/en_uk/analytics/privacyoverview.html
Lucky Orange
This site uses the Lucky Orange analytics system to help improve usability and the customer experience.
Lucky Orange may record mouse clicks, mouse movements and scrolling activity. Lucky Orange may record keystroke information that you voluntarily enter on this website. Lucky Orange does not track this activity on any site that does not use the Lucky Orange system.
You can choose to disable the Lucky Orange Service at http://www.luckyorange.com/disable.php. Note, that doing so will disable other features of the Lucky Orange system that this site employs such as 1-to-1 support chat.
What information do we collect?
Lucky Orange is designed to let you know what your users are doing on your site. So, we collect a lot of publicly available information regarding visitors, such as referrers, keywords, geo location, and mouse activity. It should be noted that most analytics programs already grab the same data, we simply provide it in real time.
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order or subscribe to our newsletter. We do this so we can improve your user experience and provide you with the information you need more quickly whilst making atlanticseakayaking.com a better website.
More information is available on Lucky Orange here.
"One of the most magical experiences you can have anywhere in the world"
The Irish Times
Other Tours
Cork City Harbour Trips
Kayaks & SUP Rentals
International trips offers
Packages
Courses & Coaching
Corporate / Group
Testimonials
Jim and Emily were great guides - both fun and patient - and they ensured we were stayed warm, safe, kept well informed, and were able to enjoy the experience to the maximum.
NewZealandMidWife , New Zealand
Kayaking the Irish Sea by moonlight on the summer solstice and watching the water light up beneath my fingertips was absolutely magical.
Taylor E, East Hartford, Connecticut
Great instructor (who gave us pointers for kayak purchase) great experience. 100%recommended for all levels of water confidence.
Stephen Duffy, Navan, Ireland
We spent 3 hours in the water and had a great time. Would definitely do this again.
Liam Springwell, Cork
Great fun day out for friends & families. Very safe for children and spectacular views on your trip. We really enjoyed it.
Conal Granite, Cork
What a lovely way to spend the morning. I joined a group for a kayaking trip on Lochyne, waterproofs were provided and basic tuition was given where needed.
Jill T, Cardiff, United Kingdom
An excellent instructor but also just a great guy to have chats and banter with. We all left with a massive grá for Cork, for kayaking and for roll neck aran jumpers!
Katie G, Wexford, Ireland
We would highly recommend it to anyone. Jim was very helpful and friendly. We had never been kayaking before and he was a great instructor.
Justin D
This is our 2nd trip with yerselves and it was brilliant again.
The Covid safety measures were excellent and we felt very safe,
Niamh
Look who's talking about us
Subscribe to our newsletter
Email address
Submit
Atlantic Sea Kayaking
Thank you for signing up to our newsletter
YouTube Video