http://www.socalmtb.com/terms.htm
Login
,
- Friday, December 11, 2020
home
Terms Of Use & Privacy Agreement
Noncommercial Use of Website Materials
You are encouraged to print and download portions of material from thedifferent areas of the New-Site site solely for your own non-commercial use provided that you agree not to change or delete any copyright or proprietary notices from the materials. You may also transmit copies of such portions of materials by email, for your personal, non-commercial use only, provided that you agree not to change or delete any copyright or proprietary notices from the materials. The Copyright Owner does not allow the reposting of any of its content on other sites on the World Wide Web, except in the case of a specific licensing agreement for that purpose. You may not modify, copy, change, alter, reproduce, republish, upload, post, in any manner, the material on this site. You may not use or distribute the materials on this site except as stated above.
Commitment to Your Privacy
This site is owned and operated by New-Site. Your privacy on the Internet is of the utmost importance to us. At New-Site, we want to make your experience online satisfying and safe.
Information New-Site Gathers and Tracks
Because we gather certain types of information about our users, we feel you should fully understand the terms and conditions surrounding the capture and use of that information. This privacy statement discloses what information we gather and how we use it.
New-Site gathers two types of information about users:
1. Information that users provide through optional, voluntary submissions. These are voluntary email submissions by users providing site and individual page feedback.
2. Information New-Site gathers through aggregated tracking information derived mainly by tallying page views throughout our site. This information allows us to better tailor our content to readers' needs. Under no circumstances does New-Site divulge any information about an individual user to a third party.
Children
Consistent with the Federal Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA), we will never knowingly request personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 without requesting parental consent.
Usage Tracking
New-Site tracks user traffic patterns throughout our site. However, we do not correlate this information with data about individual users. New-Site does break down overall usage statistics according to a user's domain name, browser type, and MIME type by reading this information from the browser string (information contained in every user's browser).
Cookies
The New-Site web site only uses cookies for User registration.
Use of Information
New-Site uses any information voluntarily given by our users to enhance their experience in our site, whether to provide interactive or personalized elements on the site or to better prepare future content based on the interests of our users.
When we use tracking information to determine which areas of our site users like and don't like based on traffic to those areas, we do not track what individual users read, but rather how well each page performs overall. This helps us continue to build a better service for you.
Sharing of the Information
New-Site uses the above-described information to tailor our content to suit your needs. We will not share information about individual users with any third party, except to comply with applicable law or valid legal process or to protect the personal safety of our users or the public.
Your Consent
By using this site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by New-Site. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
SoCalMtB.com - Your Internet Resource for Mountain Biking in Southern California.
Contact Us
~
Terms Of Use
~
Site Map
SoCalMtB.com - your local mountain bike site since 1996.
Thanks to
Halloween Sound Mixer
- Service Business
- California Chimney Sweep
- 5150Web.com
- CallMiles.com
Terms Copyright © 1996 2020 SoCalMtB.com & WebWorks2.com
All Rights Reserved. LIi3.9.lw1104