http://www.bfh.org.uk/privacy-policy/
Brandon Fern Hoppers are committed to maintaining the trust and confidence of our visitors to our web site, and subscribers to our newsletter. Here you’ll find information on how we treat data that we collect from visitors to our website, when someone uses our contact form or subscribes to our newsletter.
Visitors to our Website
When someone visits http://www.bfh.org.uk/ we use a third party service, Jetpack from WordPress, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make, and do not allow WordPress to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website. You can find more information on how cookies are used on this website in the Cookies Policy here.
If we do want to collect personally identifiable information through our website, we will be up front about this. We will make it clear when we collect personal information and will explain what we intend to do with it.
Mailing Lists
As part of the registration process for our occasional e-newsletter, we collect personal information, usually just a name and an email address. We use that information for a couple of reasons: to tell you about stuff you’ve asked us to tell you about; to contact you if we need to obtain or provide additional information; to check our records are right and to check every now and then that you’re happy and satisfied. We don’t rent or trade email lists with other organisations and businesses.
We use a third-party provider, MailChimp, to deliver our newsletter. We gather statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies to help us monitor and improve our e-newsletter. For more information, please see MailChimp’s privacy notice. You can unsubscribe to general mailings at any time of the day or night by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of our emails or by emailing here.
Customer Data
When you enter one of our events a range of personal information will be collected by our third party supplier Total Race Timing including your name, address data, email and contact number. This will be stored in their secure systems and is only handled by us for the purposes of emailing you with pre and post race information. If you have chosen to disclose any notifiable medical conditions this may be shared with our on site first aid team on the day of the event. This sensitive information will not be stored by Brandon Fern Hoppers, and we will only keep your name and email address to notify you of future events if you ask us to do so. Please be assured that we do not share your personal details with any other company or organisation without your consent.
Access to your personal information
You are entitled to view, amend, or delete the personal information that we hold. Email your request here.
Changes to this Privacy Notice
We keep our privacy notice under regular review. This privacy notice was last updated on 22nd May 2018.
Recent Posts
November Lockdown
BFH 30th Anniversary Celebration – 2nd June 2019
Wissey Half Marathon 2019
Fern Hoppers Join Great British Spring Clean
Tesco Bags of Help
Running Club
Search for:
Categories
Club Championship
Fernblogger
Fitness
GlobeHopping
Health
Hopperazzi
Races
Results
Running
Uncategorized
Wibbly Wobbly Log Jog
Meta
Log in
Entries feed
Comments feed
WordPress.org