http://www.charlottebikes.org/terms
Terms
Welcome to our website. If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern [http://www.charlottebikes.org]’s relationship with you in relation to this website. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use our website.
The term ‘[http://www.charlottebikes.org]’ or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to the owner of the website whose registered office. The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
This website uses cookies to monitor browsing preferences. If you do allow cookies to be used, the following personal information may be stored by us for use by third parties: [insert list of information].
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
All trade marks reproduced in this website which are not the property of, or licensed to, the operator are acknowledged on the website.
Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
From time to time this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
Leave a Reply Cancel replyYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name *
Email *
Website
Like Us On Facebook
Recent PostsFinding And Getting What Is Needed From A Brisbane Window Blinds CompanyJuly 19th, 2017f you're looking for a blinds Brisbane service to get what you need from, you are in the right place[...]How To Find The Best Removals Melbourne For Your Bicycle ClubAugust 11th, 2016How To Find The Best Removals Melbourne For Your Bicycle Club
Moving by yourself can be a hard ta[...]Hiring A Pest Control Brisbane Expert For Your Cycling BusinessApril 15th, 2016Getting rid of pest on your own is not easy. If you have purchased different products but didn't get[...]In Simple English – What is Internet Marketing?February 20th, 2016The phrase ‘Internet Marketing’ can mean a number of things; originally this was simply when you had[...]Finding The Best Solar Power In Joondalup, PerthJanuary 11th, 2016There are certain things that are going to make you think twice about what you are doing in terms of[...]