http://www.thesocialgolfer.com/privacy.aspx
Member Login
|
Register FREE
Home
My TSG
My Messages
My Games
My Friends
Invite Friends
My Groups
My Profile
My Account
My Settings
Join Events
Join Events
Post Game
Completed Games
Putting Game
My Handicap
Enter Cards
Game Analysis
Handicap Tracking
Handicap Certificate
The Clubhouse
Leaderboard
Forums
Find Members
Groups / Societies
Photos
Videos
Newsletters
Find Courses
Search by name
Search by country
Add Review
Top Rated
Offers/Deals
TSG Partner Clubs
Member Offers
TeeTimes.co.uk
Golf Deals Group
Friends of TSG
Matchplay
Blog
FAQs
FAQs
About Us
TSG News Blog
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
TheSocialGolfer.com privacy policy is very simple - we take your privacy very seriously.
Therefore we only collect information necessary to ensure that your personal experience of the time you spend within the community is as good as is possible and, whilst we will contact you intermittently via email for the purpose of disseminating site related information and offering special members only services and promotions, we will not sell your email address to any person or company nor will we allow any third party direct access to our member database.
How We Use Cookies...
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow TheSocialGolfer.com to respond to you as an individual. TheSocialGolfer.com can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
For more update to date information and how The Social Golfer limited are interprting the latest GDPR directive - CLICK HERE
Official Travel Partner:
Official Media Partner:
Golf Offers Partner:
Recent press coverage in the Financial Times
Is golf the perfect pandemic sport?
TSG Partner Clubs
TSG Newsletters
TeeTimes & Golf Deals
TSG MatchPlay 2020
TSG News Blog
Contact Us
Advertising
Privacy & Cookies
Terms and Conditions
All Content Copyright ©
2020
The Social Golfer Ltd