http://www.leistonswimclub.org.uk/cookiepolicy
Welcome to Leiston & District Swimming Club
A friendly Suffolk based club
Club HomeUpcoming Events & GalasHow to JoinDays & times of SessionsAbout LDSC & who's whoGalleryClub DocumentsKind SupportersUseful LinksContact us
Cookies and Privacy
Privacy policy
Website level - When you use the contact us form to contact each BTCK website's owner, your Email is passed to them so that they can contact you back. Data processing lies with each BTCK website's owner.
Cookies
Visitors to our website
When someone visits https://www.btck.co.uk or its subsites, we use Google analytics to collect standard log information about them and general details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out how many people visit the site. We collect this information in a way that does not identify anyone. We do not seek to link that information to anyone or use it in any other way.
Do we use cookies?
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or to provide information to the owners of a website about how it is being used by visitors to that website.
For example, we use cookies as part of Google analytics, to see if someone has viewed our website previously.
If you do not want us to do this then you can visit here to opt out of this service.
Cookies used by BT
The Community Web Kit has been developed by BT to help community groups build and maintain their own websites.
However responsibility for the content of these websites lies with the organisation which builds them and not with BT.
To provide this facility the website uses the following cookies which have been categorised by BT as ‘strictly necessary’
using the ICC UK guide of cookie categorisation.
ASP.NET_SessionId:
This is the ASP.NET framework ‘session cookie’.	Please note that because BT doesn’t control the content of this website it
is possible that other cookies will also be used, these are the responsibility of the organisation the site represents and not BT.
Functional cookies on this site
The following list of cookies are added by Google and are needed for the reCAPTCHA, a free service that protects your website from spam and abuse. reCAPTCHA uses an advanced risk analysis engine and adaptive CAPTCHAs to keep automated software from engaging in abusive activities on your site. It does this while letting your valid users pass through with ease.
1P_JAR
APISID
CONSENT
CONSENT
HSID
NID
OTZ
SAPISID
SID
SIDCC
SSID
_ga
_gid
Other cookies on this site.
The site owner has not updated their policy on cookies yet, the information on the cookies they use will replace this text.
Contact Matt Dye - headcoach@leistonswimclub.org.uk
Community Web Kit provided free by BT
Cookies and Privacy