http://www.scottishfa.co.uk/terms-conditions/
Home
Scotland
News
Fixtures & Results
Scotland Squads
Scotland Men's A
News
Fixtures & Results
Squad
SWNT
News
SWNT Fixtures & Results
Squad
Men's Under-21s
News
Fixtures & Results
Under-21 Squad
Men's Under-19s
News
Fixtures & Results
Under-19 Squad
Men's Under-18s
News
Fixtures & Results
Men's Under-17s
News
Fixtures & Results
Men's Under-16s
News
Fixtures & Results
Women's Under-19s
News
Fixtures & Results
Women's Under-19 Squad
Women's Under-17s
News
Fixtures & Results
Women's Under-16s
News
Fixtures & Results
Archive
Scotland at Major Tournaments
Scotland at the World Cup
Scotland at European Championships
SWNT at Major Championships
Supporters & Tickets
News
Scotland Tickets
Scotland Supporters Club Membership
SSC FAQs
SSC Loyalty Points
SSC Benefits
Hampden Hospitality
Supporters Buses
Newsletter Signup
Hampden Visitor Information
Shop
Scotland Gift Guide
Official Scotland Podcast
Christmas Giveaway
Scotland Goal of the Year 2020
Scotland Quizzes
50 Greatest Internationals
Roll of Honour
Scottish Cup
News
Fixtures & Results
Format & Rules
Scottish Cup Predictor
Register
Predictions
Leaderboards
My Account
Scottish Cup 360
Archive
Scottish Cup History
The History of the Cup
Scottish Cup Winners
Youth Cup
News
Fixtures & Results
Format & Rules
Youth Cup Past Winners
Hampden Hospitality
Scottish Cup Quizzes
Performance
News
Performance Strategy
JD Performance Schools
Braidhurst High School Motherwell
Broughton High School Edinburgh
Graeme High School Falkirk
Grange Academy Kilmarnock
Hazlehead Academy Aberdeen
Holyrood Secondary Glasgow
St John's High School Dundee
Applications
Roll of Honour
Club Academy Scotland
Results
Fixtures
Advanced Youth
Oriam
High Performance Resources
Goalkeeping
Skills
Fitness
Injuries
Football Development
News
Return To Football Hub
Supporting Resources
Return to the Professional Game
Children and Young People
Adult Football
COVID Protection Levels Guidance
COVID Protection Levels FAQs
Participation
Children's & Youth Football
Children & Youth Player Pathway
Mini-Kickers
Cashback for Communitites
McDonald's Fun Football
Heading Guidelines
Adult (18 years+) Football
Futsal
Snickers Just Play
Walking Football
Girls' & Women's Football
Girls' & Women's Player Pathway
Soccer Centres
We Play Strong Centres
SPAR Future Stars Football Cup
UEFA Disney Playmakers
Para-Football
Grassroots Game App
Attractive Game
Facilities
Grassroots Awards
Winners
PCS Plus
Nationwide Positive Play
Discrimination Reporting Form
Coaching
News
Become a Coach
Find a Course
Coaching Pathway
Main (Youth/Adult) Pathway
Goalkeeping Pathway
Children's Pathway
Futsal Pathway
Specialist Courses
Coaching Development
Coaching CPD
Continuous Coach Development (CCD)
Scottish Football Coaching Podcast
Coach Education Newsletter
Club Services
Developing Your Club
Club Resources
Club Stories
Scottish Football Marketing Podcast
Teamworks
Club Accreditation
Quality Mark Criteria
Sign Up For Quality Mark
Roll of Honour
Quality Mark Resources
Find A Club
North Region
Central Region
East Region
West Region
South East Region
South West Region
Regions
News
North Region
Central Region
East Region
West Region
South East Region
South West Region
Value of Football
Activity Hub
Physical Activities
Develop Your Skills
Challenge Yourself
Fun Activities
SPAR Fun At Home
Staying At Home Without Football
Scottish FA
News
Referees
News
Referee Appointments
Become A Referee
Referee Structure & Pathway
Female Referee Recruitment
Referees' Associations
Aberdeen
Angus & Perthshire
Ayrshire
Edinburgh
Fife
Glasgow
Lanarkshire
Moray & Banff
North of Scotland
Renfrewshire
South of Scotland
Stirlingshire
Referee Education
Referee Courses
Laws of the Game
SQA Awards & Login
Referee Kit Shop
Football Governance
Scottish FA Handbook
Judicial Panel Protocol
Disciplinary
Disciplinary Updates
Player Suspensions
Club Licensing
Registrations
Anti-Doping
Staying Clean
Anti-Doping Testing
Anti-doping Resources
Security & Integrity
Organisation
News
Strategy & Structure
Who We Are
Convention
Affiliated National Associations
Publications
Working at the Scottish FA
Vacancies
Volunteer Roles
About
Our Strategy & Values
Our Structure
Hampden Park
Diversity & Inclusion
Equalities & Diversity Board
Resources
Football Unites
Youth Ambassadors of Change
The Programme
Meet the Team
Case Studies
Charities
Sponsors & Partners
Business Club
Media
Press Releases
Media Guidelines
Contact Us
Wellbeing & Protection
Information for Children and Young People
Guidance on Bullying
Guidance on Social Media
Information for Parents and Carers
Information for Clubs
Staying in Touch
Wellbeing & Protection Minimum Standards for Clubs
Child Wellbeing and Protection Policy
Adult Survivors of Abuse
UEFA EURO 2020
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Scottish FA Terms & Conditions
This website (the “Site”) is provided by The Scottish Football Association, a company registered in Scotland and having its registered office at Hampden Park, Glasgow G42 9AY with company number SC005453 (“we” or “us”).  Use of the Site is governed by these terms and conditions (the “Terms and Conditions”).  Please read them now.  If you are not willing to accept these Terms and Conditions you may not use the Site.
Any breach of the Terms and Conditions may, at our sole discretion, result in your rights to access the Site being suspended or removed. Disclaimer
The Site and its contents are for general information only and are provided “as is” and on an “as available” basis.  Nothing on the Site is, or shall be deemed to constitute advice or any form of recommendation.  Accordingly, to the maximum extent permitted by law, we exclude all representations, warranties, conditions and other terms. Specifically, we make no warranties, representations or undertakings about: •    any of the content of the Site (including, without limitation, any as to the quality, accuracy, currency, completeness or fitness for any particular purpose of such content); or •    any content of any other third party website referred to or accessed by hypertext link through the Site. We make no guarantees that the Site is free from so called computer viruses.  It is strongly recommended that you check for such viruses before downloading the Site or any of its contents. Any prices stated on the Site are provided by way of information only and do not constitute an offer made by us. Any user wishing to purchase any goods or services viewed on the Site should contact the relevant person or department listed on the Site for up to date price information. Links
The Site contains links to websites operated by third parties (“Third Party Websites”).  We do not control Third Party Websites, and are not responsible for their content.  The inclusion of such links does not imply any endorsement or approval of any products, information, materials or services offered or provided on Third Party Websites, or any association with their operators.    Liability
We accept no liability for any claims, penalties, loss, damage or expenses howsoever arising from:  any reliance placed on the content of the Site; the use or inability to use the Site; the downloading of any materials from the Site; or any unauthorised access to or alteration to the Site.  This clause shall not exclude liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence. Intellectual Property
The content of the Site (including, but not limited to all text and artwork) is protected by copyright.  The copyright is owned by us or is otherwise licensed from a third party for use by us.  The Site contains registered and unregistered trade marks of which we are the owner. You may view or download any part of the Site for private purposes, but you are not permitted, without our permission, to: •    store the Site, or any part of the Site, for any other purpose; •    print copies of the Site, or any part of the Site, for any other purpose; •    reproduce, copy or transmit the Site, or any part of the Site, in any way, for any other purpose or in any other medium. All other rights which are not specifically granted are reserved. User Content
The Site may give you the option to send us content to be posted on the Site by us (“User Content”). By sending us User Content, you will be deemed to:- (i) consent to us editing that User Content at our discretion;
(ii) grant to us an irrevocable, worldwide, royalty free licence to use and publish that User Content for any purpose associated with our general objective of promoting, fostering and developing football in Scotland;(iii) irrevocably waive in our favour any moral rights you may have in such User Content in terms of Chapter IV Part I of the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988, and any similar rights available in any part of the world ; and
(iv) warrant to us that you are the owner of the copyright and other intellectual property rights in the user Content, that the User Content is your original work and that the User Content does not infringe the rights (including intellectual property rights) of any third party.
We do not guarantee that any User Content you submit will be posted on the Site.
Please note that comments made by other users of the Site which may be posted on the Site are provided for your information only and do not necessarily represent our views and opinions. User Conduct
You undertake that you will:- •    not use the Site for any purpose which is unlawful, or which may harass or cause distress or inconvenience to any person; and •    not use the Site to transmit or distribute any information which contravenes any applicable law or any person’s legal rights.
Password Protected Areas
The Site may contain password protected areas which allow you to view certain selected content. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and user name and are fully responsible for all activities occurring under your username or password.
Service Access
While we endeavour to ensure that the Site is normally available 24 hours a day, we shall not be liable if for any reason the Site is unavailable at any time or for any period.
Access to the Site may be suspended temporarily and without notice in the case of system failure, maintenance or repair or for reasons beyond our control.
Privacy Policy
Please read our Privacy Policy for details of how we use information about you.
Changes
We reserve the right to amend or replace the Terms and Conditions at any time.  If we make any substantial changes we will notify you by posting a prominent notice on our Site.
Jurisdiction
The Terms and Conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the Laws of Scotland and any disputes that may arise will be subject to the jurisdiction of the Scottish courts.
Enquiries
For all enquiries please contact us at The Scottish Football Association, Hampden Park, Glasgow, G42 9AY , info@scottishfa.co.uk or by phone on 0141 616 6000.