http://www.marksontennis.com/privacy-policy
We use cookies to improve our site. You can find out more in our cookie guide.
Continue
Contact Us
Booking Enquiry
Privacy Policy
Updated: 25th April 2018.
Jonathan Markson Tennis (Oxford) Ltd – Privacy Statement
We respect privacy and your rights to control your personal data. Our principle guidelines are simple. We will be clear about the data we collect and why. Your data is carefully protected by us. We do not and will not sell your data to third parties.
The prime purpose of collecting your data is to deliver your tennis experience. Whether it is a tennis holiday in the sun, a short weekend tennis clinic or residential summer tennis camp – we want to ensure that we continue to meet your tennis needs.
This Privacy Statement (the 'Statement') explains the personal information we collect from you, either directly or indirectly, and how we will use it. Personal information is any information that can be used to identify you or that we can link to you. The Statement also elaborates on the choices you can make about the data we collect, and how you can control these decisions. Please read this Statement carefully to understand how we may collect, use and share your personal information. The terms 'we', 'us', or 'JMT' are each intended as reference to Jonathan Markson Tennis (Oxford) Ltd (registered company number 03651644).
The Types of Personal Information We Collect
Information you provide to us
We collect information you voluntarily provide to us, such as your name, gender, nationality, date of birth, address, phone number, email address and any relevant medical information; for instance, when you want to learn more about us or book a tennis camp or holiday.
Information we collect automatically
We automatically collect information about you such as information collected by cookies and similar technologies when you use, access or interact with us via our websites. We may, for example, collect information about the type of device you use to access our websites, the operating system and version, your IP address, your general geographic location, as indicated by your IP address, your browser type, the webpages you view on our websites, whether you interact with content available on our websites and how.
Information obtained from other sources
We may receive information about you from social media platforms, for instance, when you interact with us on those platforms. We protect data obtained from third parties according to the practices described in this Statement and we also apply any additional restrictions imposed by the source of data.
Information on children
Although visitors of all ages may navigate through our websites, we do not knowingly collect or request personal information from those under the age of sixteen without parental consent.
How We Use Personal Information
JMT uses the data we collect to provide you with the services we offer, which includes using data to improve and personalise your experiences. We also use the data to communicate with you, for example, informing you about your upcoming holiday or camp, new products or services available and other types of updates.
JMT uses the data for the following purposes:
Providing our service / operations
We use data (such as age and tennis level) to run and operate our tennis camps and holidays. This processing is done when necessary for the performance of the agreement we have with you.
Customer Support
We use data (such as emails, nationality, telephone number) to respond to customer enquiries. This processing is necessary for the performance of the agreement we have with you, as well as to serve our legitimate interest.
Product Improvement
We continually use data for research purposes and to develop and improve our services, including improving our existing services (age specific camps and clinics), and adding new services (such as new venues). This processing is necessary to serve our legitimate interest.
Communication, Marketing and Advertising
We use the data we collect to deliver and personalise our communications with you. For example, we may contact you by email or other means of electronic communication to inform you about new camp or early booking offers. This processing is necessary to serve our legitimate interest. We also use cookies and similar technologies to provide the most relevant JMT advertising to you. For information about managing email subscriptions and promotional communications, please visit the Your Rights and Choices section below.
How We May Share Personal Information
JMT does not and will not sell personal information about our customers. We only disclose your data as described in this Statement. We may share information with the following types of third parties:
Third Party Vendors
JMT uses a variety of third-party vendors to carry out services like website management and hosting, online purchases and shipping, credit card processing and email communications. We only share your personal data as necessary. To complete a transaction, provide a product or service you have requested or authorised and only with vendors or agents working on our behalf for the purposes described in this Statement. In this case, your personal information will be shared with these agents or contractors but only for the purpose of performing services on behalf of JMT and in accordance with this Statement. It is our legitimate interest to process your personal data for these purposes. For questions about third-party vendors, please send an email to privacy@marksontennis.com.
Service Partners and Sub-contractors
The nature of our business means we use a number of third party services such as tennis coaches, hotels and car rental companies. Your personal information will be shared with these agents or contractors but only for the purpose of performing services on behalf of JMT and in accordance with this Statement. It is our legitimate interest to process your personal data for these purposes.
Compelled Disclosure
When legally required, strictly necessary for the performance of the services or to protect our rights, or the rights of our affiliates or users, we disclose your personal information to law enforcement authorities, investigative organisations, our affiliates or in legal proceedings.
Sale or Merger
We may share your personal information in the event of a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of our assets. Of course, we shall notify you via email and/or a prominent notice on our website and inform you of your rights.
When sharing data with third parties, your personal information may be transferred to countries where data protection laws may provide a lower standard of protection for your personal information than your country. We take great care in protecting your personal information and have put in place adequate mechanisms to protect it when it is transferred internationally. We will transfer your personal information in compliance with applicable data protection laws and will implement suitable safeguards to ensure that your personal information is adequately secured by any third party that will access your information (for instance, by using the Standard Contractual Clauses as approved by the European Commission). If you have questions or wish to obtain more information about the international transfer of your personal information or the implemented safeguards, please send us an email to privacy@marksontennis.com.
The Legal Bases for Using Personal Information
There are different legal bases that we rely on to use your personal information, namely:
Performance of a contract
The use of your personal information may be necessary to perform the agreement you have with us. For example, to complete your enquiry or purchase of the JMT Service.
Legitimate interests
We may use your personal information for our legitimate interests. For example, we rely on our legitimate interest to analyse and improve our JMT Services and the content on our websites, to send you notifications about JMT Services or to use your personal information for administrative, fraud detection or legal purposes.
Where we process your personal information based on our legitimate interest and no opt-out mechanism is available to you may exercise your right to object by sending an email to privacy@marksontennis.com.
Security, Storage and Retention of Personal Information We Collect
Security
JMT is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. However, while we take reasonable precautions to guard the personal information we collect, no security system is impenetrable.
While no service is completely secure, JMT takes precautionary measures to help prevent information about you from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorised access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. For example, we store the personal data you provide on computer systems that have limited access. We also ensure that our third-party data centre vendors provide adequate security measures.
If you have any questions about the security of your personal information, you can contact us at privacy@marksontennis.com.
Retention
JMT will retain your personal information for as long as we deem it necessary to provide services to you, to comply with applicable laws (including those regarding document retention), resolve disputes with any parties and otherwise as necessary to allow us to conduct our business. All personal information we retain will be subject to this Privacy Statement and our internal retention guidelines. If you have a question about a specific retention period for certain types of personal information we process about you, please send an email to privacy@marksontennis.com.
Your Rights and Choices
Your Rights
We want you to be in control of how your personal information is used by us. Subject to local law, you can do this in the following ways:
You can ask us for a copy of the personal information we hold about you;
You can inform us of any changes to your personal information, or if you want us to correct any of the personal information we hold about you;
In certain situations, you can ask us to erase, block or restrict the personal information we hold about you, or object to particular ways in which we are using your personal information and ask us to stop;
In certain situations, you can also ask us to send the personal information you have given us to a third party.
Where we are using your personal information on the basis of your consent, you are entitled to withdraw that consent at any time. Moreover, where we process your personal information based on legitimate interest or the public interest, you have the right to object at any time to that use of your personal information.
We rely on you to ensure that your personal information is complete, accurate and up to date. Please do inform us promptly of any changes to or inaccuracies in your personal information by contacting privacy@marksontennis.com.
We will respond to your request as soon as possible but certainly within 30 days. For more information about how you can control the collection and your Communication, Marketing and Advertising Preferences, please see this section below.
We are committed to working with you to obtain a fair resolution of any complaint or concern you may have about our use of your personal information. If, however, you believe that we have not been able to assist with your complaint or concern, you may have the right to file a complaint with the data protection authority in your country (if one exists in your country) or supervisory authority. [In the United Kingdom .. insert details..]
Your Communication, Marketing and Advertising Preferences
You can opt out of receiving direct marketing communications from JMT by following the instructions included in every email newsletter sent to you via the “Unsubscribe” tab or by emailing us at privacy@marksontennis.com. We respect your choice, and we will stop sending you promotional emails once you unsubscribe.
Please note, regardless of your communication settings, we will continue to communicate with you regarding changes to terms and conditions, policy updates, routine customer service messages such as information about current or past purchase, delivery of service, data breaches or other significant information about the service you purchased.
You can adjust the amount of interest based advertising you may receive by changing your cookie settings, changing your device settings, and/or opting out of certain advertising networks. If you have opted out of receiving emails from us, we will not use your email for interest-based advertising activities. For more information about our use of interest-based advertising, please visit Our Use of Cookies and Other Similar Technologies.
Our Use of Cookies and Other Similar Technologies
We use cookies and similar technologies like pixels, tags, web beacons, and other identifiers to help us personalise our website for you, remember your preferences, understand how users are using our website or app, and help customise our marketing offerings.
Cookies
A cookie is a small data file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the website again, the cookie allows that site to recognise your browser. The length of time a cookie will stay on your computer or mobile device depends on whether it is a "persistent" or "session" cookie. JMT uses both types of cookies. Session cookies will only stay on your device until you stop browsing. Persistent cookies stay on your computer or mobile device until they expire or are deleted. We use the following types of cookies on our website.
Strictly necessary cookies. These cookies are essential for you to browse our website and use its features. Without these cookies, services like shopping baskets cannot be provided.
Performance cookies. These cookies collect information about how you use our websites. This data may be used to help optimise our website and make it easier for you to navigate.
Functional cookies. These cookies allow our websites to remember choices you make while browsing and personalise your experience. We may store your geographic location in a cookie for instance, to ensure that we show you the website relevant to your area.
Third Party cookies. Third party cookies are those placed by websites and/or parties other than JMT. These cookies may be used on our website to improve our products or services or to help us provide more relevant advertising. These cookies are subject to the respective privacy policies for these external services, for example, Facebook Data Use Policy.
Analytics cookies. We use analytics cookies, like those offered by Google Analytics, to help us understand things like how long a visitor stays on our website, what pages they find most useful, and how they arrived at marksontennis.com. To learn more about Google Analytics and your data, visit this Google webpage.
JMT may work with third-party advertisers that use cookies and similar technologies to provide more relevant advertising about JMT Services on our websites and across the internet. To provide this “interest-based advertising”, parties combine non-personal data about your online activities over time which helps cater advertising that we deliver to you. Examples of this may include a JMT advertisement on a Facebook page, or a Google owned page such as a search results page or YouTube, or on a site within Google’s advertising network. We do not share your personal information as part of this process. Where necessary, we obtain your consent for this process. At all times, you can opt out of these personalised ads from third-party advertisers and ad networks who are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) or who follow the Digital Advertising Alliance's Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising by visiting the opt-out pages on the NAI websites and DAA websites. Opting out may make the ads you see across the internet less relevant to you.
If you have opted out of receiving communications from us, we will not use your email for interest-based advertising.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions about the use of your personal information, please email privacy@marksontennis.com.
Changes to Our Privacy Statement
JMT may modify or update this Statement when necessary, to reflect customer feedback and changes in our JMT Service. Please review it regularly. When we update this Statement, we will revise the 'Last Update' date at the top of the Statement.
FAQ
The following are basic questions you may have about our privacy statement. We recommend that you read the detailed statement above for additional details.
Why is JMT updating its privacy statement?
We now meet the high standards required by the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and have updated our privacy statement to reflect that. We also strive to simplify language and remove jargon, to make our privacy statement easier to read and understand.
What is the GDPR?
The GDPR is a regulation intended to strengthen and unify data protection for everyone within the European Union (EU). As we believe that all our customers can benefit from its mandates. The GDPR requires greater openness and transparency from companies on how they collect, store and use personal data, while also imposing tighter limits on the use of personal data. You can learn more here.
How often do you anticipate updating your privacy statement?
We will update our privacy statement as necessary to ensure that our policies are in line with international regulations, our product and business practices.
What information does JMT collect about me?
JMT collects your name, phone number, email address, home address, payment information, tennis level, age, gender, health information relevant to our service, location data, IP address, social identifiers, and data provided by cookies and other similar technologies.
Why does JMT need my information?
JMT uses data to provide you with the best experience that we offer, which includes using data to improve and personalise your experiences. We also use data to communicate with you, for example, informing you about your new products or services available, security and other types of updates.
How is my information used?
JMT uses data for the following purposes:
Product Improvement
Future Product Development
Customer Support
Communication and Marketing
How does collecting my information help JMT improve its products?
We use the information to help us ensure we are proving the right products for our customers’ needs.
Does JMT sell information to third parties?
No. We never have. And we never will.
How do I delete my personal data from JMT and what are the consequences?
You can always send us an email via privacy@marksontennis.com, we will let you know if there are any consequences of this deletion at the time of your request.
Does JMT keep or share my credit card information?
No. It’s only used to process your payment at the time of purchase.
How long does JMT keep my information?
JMT retains personal data for as long as necessary to provide services or for other essential purposes such as complying with our legal obligations, and resolving disputes and enforcing our agreements. Because these needs can vary for different data types in the context of different products or services, actual retention periods can vary significantly
How is information stored and secured?
JMT is committed to protecting the security of your personal data. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal data from unauthorised access, use or disclosure. For example, we store the personal data you provide on computer systems that have limited access and are in controlled facilities. Any data we transmit over the internet is protected using encryption.
Is JMT using cookies or pixels to gather information?
We use cookies and other similar technologies like pixels, tags and web beacons when you visit our website. By visiting our website you agree to the use of cookies and similar technologies for the purposes described in our privacy statement. This helps us to provide you with the best experience and allows certain parts of our website to function properly. You can always adjust your browser or device settings to not accept cookies and similar technologies if this concerns you.
Does JMT use interest-based advertising?
Yes. We work with third-party advertisers that utilise cookies and similar technologies to provide more relevant advertising about JMT on our website and across the internet. To provide interest-based advertising, advertisers combine non-personal data obtained about your online activities over time to customise the advertising delivered to you. We do not share your personal information to do this.
What safeguards are in place for children?
JMT does not knowingly solicit personal information from children or send them requests for personal information. Although visitors of all ages may navigate through our website, we do not intentionally collect personal information from those under the age of sixteen without the consent of an adult. If, following a notification by a parent or guardian, or discovery by other means, a child under sixteen has been improperly registered on this site by using false information, we will cancel the child's account and delete the child's personal information from our records.
How can I contact JMT if I have questions regarding JMTs' privacy statement?
If you have any questions about the use of your personal information, please send us an email to privacy@marksontennis.com.