https://www.arci.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Menu
Close
ARCI.com Privacy Policy
Who We Are
Our website address is http://arci.com
Association of Racing Commissioners International is a non-profit group providing services to racing regulatory jurisdictions.
Our Contact Information:
ARCI
2365 Harrodsburg Road, Suite B-450
Lexington, KY 40504
Phone: (859) 224-7070
Current leadership information can be found at http://arci.com/about/
The Information We Collect
Name
E-mail Address
Phone Number
Organization Affiliation
IP Address
Website URL
The data is kept indefinitely in our site database unless a request is made to remove the information.
Information We Share
We do not share your information or data with third parties except in the following limited circumstances:
Deliver and help us track our marketing and advertising content
Meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Enforce applicable policies, including investigation of potential violations (of our privacy policy)
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues
Protect against harm to the rights, property, or safety of our users, the public, and ARCI as required or permitted by law
Comments made on restricted areas of the website are shared only with others who have access to those sites. They may not be published or shared bay any user without written consent of EVERYONE involved in the conversation.
How We Use Information
To verify status of Regulatory or Associate Members for site membership
To respond to inquiries and provide customer support
To send communications to registered users
To improve or modify our services
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Third-party applications we use
WP Job Manager
This site adds the following cookies to help users resume job submissions that they have started but have not completed: wp-job-manager-submitting-job-id and wp-job-manager-submitting-job-key
Askimet
Google Analytics
Changes to our privacy policy
We can make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will identify the changes we have made on this page. In circumstances where a change will materially change the way in which we collect or use your personal information or data, we will send a notice of this change to all of our account holders.
ARCI Member’s Database Web Portal
(Requires Separate Login Information)
Join our efforts in support of safe horses and honest sport.First NameJohnLast NameSmithYour emailjohnsmith@example.comState/ProvinceState/ProvinceSubmitNavigationRCI Home
About ARCI
Model Rules & Standards
Pending Model Rules
ARCI Posts
Press Releases
Meetings & Events
Members Area
Associate Members
Industry Job Postings
Recent Rulings
Services
Resources
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.
Ok