https://www.readytogo.net/termsprivacy/
Forum
News
Weather
League One
The Club
Fixtures/Results
The City
You are here: Home / Terms/PrivacyThe Ready To Go (RTG) network of web sites has no official association with Sunderland AFC nor any official association with any governing bodies of the City of Sunderland.
If the Ready To Go web site was a film it would carry somewhere between a 15 and an 18 certificate.
Parts of the website can sometimes contain mature language and discretion is advised.
All material published across the RTG network is copyright RTG.
We therefore advise people that anything submitted here may be used by RTG in any way or form.
Likewise no material can be reproduced without written permission from RTG.
Please note that there are certain conditions to using this service. The name and overall content are ©Ready To Go (RTG), and all rights are reserved.
The website is intended for personal use only and no part may be reproduced or displayed in public, broadcast or used for any other purpose without the written consent of RTG.
Whilst every effort is made to ensure the accuracy of the site Ready To Go accept no responsibility for any use made of the information provided and shall not be liable for any loss suffered thereby. Use of the Ready To Go website is conditional on accepting these terms.
Except as permitted above, you may not copy, store in any medium (including in any other website), distribute, transmit, re-transmit, broadcast, modify, or show in public any part of the RTG website without the prior written permission of RTG.
Use of this site constitutes your acceptance of these terms and conditions which take effect on the date which you first use the site. RTG reserves the right to change these terms and conditions at any time by posting changes online. You are responsible for reviewing regularly information posted online to obtain timely notice of such changes. Your continued use of this site after changes are posted constitutes your acceptance of this agreement as modified by the posted changes.
You agree not to adapt, alter or create a derivative work from any of the material contained in this site or use it for any other purpose other than for your personal non-commercial use. You agree to use this site only for lawful purposes, and in a manner which does not infringe the rights of, or restrict or inhibit the use and enjoyment of this site by any third party. Such restriction or inhibition includes, without limitation, conduct which is unlawful, or which may harass or cause distress or inconvenience to any person and the transmission of obscene or offensive content or disruption of normal flow of dialogue within this site.
This site and the information, names, images, pictures, logos and icons regarding or relating to RTG, its products and services (or to third party products and services), is provided “AS IS” and on an “IS AVAILABLE” basis without any representation or endorsement made and without warranty of any kind whether express or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, compatibility, security and accuracy. In no event will RTG be liable for any damages including, without limitation, indirect or consequential damages, or any damages whatsoever arising from use or loss of use, data, or profits, whether in action of contract, negligence or other tortious action, arising out of or in connection with the use of the site. RTG does not warrant that the functions contained in the material contained in this site will be uninterrupted or error free, that defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or bugs or represents the full functionality, accuracy, reliability of the materials. The names, images and logos identifying the RTG or third parties and their products and services are proprietary marks of RTG and/or third parties.
If any of these Terms and Conditions should be determined to be illegal, invalid or otherwise unenforceable by reason of the laws of any state or country in which these Terms and Conditions are intended to be effective, then to the extent and within the jurisdiction which that Term or Condition is illegal, invalid or unenforceable, it shall be severed and deleted from this clause and the remaining terms and conditions shall survive, remain in full force and effect and continue to be binding and enforceable.
If these Terms and Conditions are not accepted in full, you do not have permission to access the contents of this website and therefore should cease using this website immediately.
Privacy Policy
You can read our Privacy Policy here
Cookies
Information on Cookies used on this website is available here
Refunds Policy
In the case of goods bought through the website we offer full refunds if you are not entirely satisfied providing the goods are returned to us in good condition within 14 days of receipt. Any faulty goods will be replaced or a refund given if this is not possible.
Donations towards the upkeep of the website will only be refunded at the discretion of Ready To Go.
Terms last updated : May 19th 2018
(Privacy and cookies sections simplified and combined with Message Boards Privacy Policy)
Share this pagetweet share share email
Next League Match
League One 2020-2021
Lincoln
vs
Sunderland
- details -
Articles
Angels
Away Travel
Foreign Views
FTMX
HackWatch
Ian Mole
Kev Turvey
Ladies
Letters
Match Reports
News
Ticket News
previews
wastid
Yankee Mackem
Branches
Belfast
Manchester
Other Branches
Other
Contact/Advertise
Fixtures/Results
Results
Terms/Privacy
Weather
Friends
Website Status
Status
Twitter
December 2020
M
T
W
T
F
S
S
123456
78910111213
14151617181920
21222324252627
28293031
« Nov
P