http://www.blbikeshop.com/articles/your-privacy-pg370.htm
Skip to main content
Menu
x
Cart
Cart
Account
Account
Store
Store
Home
About
Contact
Service is our Specialty!
Customer Survey
The B&L Bike Shop Advantage
Shop Employees
Join Our Team!
Your Privacy
Shop 24/7
Browse Our Catalog
Bikes
Fixie shoppe
Parts
Wheels
Tires/Tubes
Accessories
Clothing
Helmets
Shoes
Car Racks
Just for Ladies
Sales & Specials
Policies and Shipping
Bicycles
Bicycles - By Brand
Breezer Bicycles
Fuji Bicycles
SE Racing Bikes
Bicycles - Road (Thin Tire)
Drop Bar Road Bikes
Touring Road Bikes
Flat Bar Road Bikes
Commuter Bikes
Fixies & Single Speeds
Bicycles - For Kids
Kids Bicycles
BMX & FreeStyle Bikes
Instant Tandems
Bicycles - Specialty (Tandems & Trikes)
Adult Trikes
Bicycles - Off Road (Mountain)
Mountain Bikes
Sales & Specials
Accessories
Fixie Gear Parts & Accessories
Gifts for any Cyclist
Helmets
Saddles
Serfas Lights & Pumps
Serfas Women's Specific Products
Sales & Specials
Services
Service Packages
Rental Information
Ride Info
Local Bike Rides
Site Map
Thank you for reviewing our policies regarding any personal information you may choose to provide at our website. We take your privacy very seriously and carefully protect any and all information entrusted to us. We only collect information that helps us serve you better and that you voluntarily provide. We do not share your information with anyone else unless you've approved of such sharing in advance.
What Information We Collect
The following types of information may be collected at this website  (if you volunteer it):
your e-mail address
your first and last name
your street address, city, state and ZIP Code
pertinent information specific to an event or activity (where relevant)
More About E-Mail & Postal Addresses
If you supply us with your e-mail and/or postal addresses, and do not specify otherwise, you may receive periodic messages from us with information on new products, services or upcoming events.If, later, you decide you no longer wish to receive such messages, you may let us know by sending an e-mail, calling or writing us. To ensure we correctly identify you (many names are similar), please be sure to include your complete name and address and all e-mail addresses that may be associated with your record. This helps us accurately locate your information in our file. Such information will only be used to comply with your request.
If you would like to see your contact information we have on file, please stop in or let us know to what address you'd like us to send a copy.
Periodic Updates
Please check this page for periodic updates on our policies regarding any personal information you've provided to us via our website. Thank you for visiting us online. We appreciate the opportunity to serve you.
Effective as of August 1, 2004