https://www.bab.org.uk/bab-website-cookie-policy/
skip to Main Content
Welcome to the British Aikido Board
The British Aikido Board seeks to:-
Represent the majority of bona fide organisations practicing aikido in the United Kingdom.
Support, encourage and promote the highest standards of aikido within an environment of mutual respect for offering styles practiced.
Raise awareness of the value of aikido not only as a contributor towards healthy living, but also in the development of adults, young people and children, without regard to race, gender or creed.
The British Aikido Board operates primarily through its member Associations. There are 35 currently Full Member Associations with 11 Associate and Probationary Member Associations of regional and national status, who each retain their independence, both technically and financially, with a combined membership of some 5,000 , which includes 1222 instructors holding current Coaching Awards.
The Board is recognised by Sport England , as the only governing body for aikido in the United Kingdom and is a member of the Sport and Recreation Alliance.
Join UsConstitutionBAB OfficersBAB Job Spec'sPoliciesContact Us
The Board seeks to further the advancement of all styles of aikido and to establish and monitor standards of safety and behaviour for practitioners of aikido.
The Board advises member Associations on all relevant UK and European legislation and procedures and develops appropriate policies and codes of practice.
Other services provided include:-
•  Insurance cover, for members, instructors and Associations.
•  Promotion of a Nationally recognised Coaching Scheme in conjunction with UK Coaching / Sport England.
•  Organising a National Courses.
•  Supporting initiatives to encourage the teaching of Aikido in schools.
•  Publishing Newsletters and specialist information bulletins eg. Safeguarding and Coaching.
The Board has completed a number of initiatives, arising from the work of their major Governance Audit and through the adoption of a wide range of recommendations, contained in their Aikido Development Plan will support their key objective of encouraging all Aikido groups to join together under this “Aikido umbrella”.
Click here to see our latest news
Entering Amazon from here before you purchase ensures the BAB is supported by Amazon.
Entering Amazon from here before you purchase ensures the BAB is supported by Amazon.
Entering Amazon from here before you purchase ensures the BAB is supported by Amazon.
Entering Amazon from here before you purchase ensures the BAB is supported by Amazon.
Entering Amazon from here before you purchase ensures the BAB is supported by Amazon.
Entering Amazon from here before you purchase ensures the BAB is supported by Amazon.
British Aikido Board
TwitterFacebookInstagramYoutubeEmailPhone
If you continue to use our site we assume that you agree to our use of cookies otherwise please do not use this site.
Overview
Please read the Privacy Policy and the site Terms and Conditions and this document before using this site.
The Cookie Policy set out below shall apply to all users of the site. The terms ‘you’, ‘your’ and ‘user’ refer to any individual and/or business accessing this site for any reason. References to ‘we’, ‘us’ and ‘our’ are references to BAB. The information we collect from you is only that required by us in order to provide you with the information you have requested and to improve the service we provide. Except as provided in this Privacy Policy, we do not supply your personal information to any other person.
Use of cookies and similar technologies
‘Cookies’ are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. We use cookies in several ways, for example to allow you to log in, to keep track of your preferences, and for us to track usage of the site. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but if you prefer not to accept them, you can edit your browser options to block them in the future (please refer to your browser help function to learn more about cookie controls), although you may find that you cannot access certain parts of the BAB Website. If ‘Cookies’ are required you will be advised as you try and login
The BAB and the companies that help us run our website use cookies in several ways, such as:
1. Authenticating and identifying you on our websites and applications so we can provide you the services you requested.
2. Keeping track of information you have provided to us — for example, keeping items in our shopping if you pay for items through the BAB Website.
3. Remembering your preferences or where you left off in your use of an BAB website.
4. Measuring your use of the BAB websites so that we can improve them, tailor our websites and online services to your likely interests, and for market research.
5. Understanding your likely interests so we can provide you more relevant ads and content on other companies’ websites.
Technically speaking, cookies are called “HTTP cookies.” There are other technologies that can be used for similar purposes, such as HTML5 Local Storage and local shared objects (LSOs). LSOs are used by the authors of files that are read by Adobe Flash Player and the websites hosting those files. We may use HTML5 Local Storage, LSOs, and similar technologies for authenticating you, keeping track of information you have provided to us, and remembering your preferences (see purposes numbers 1 through 3 above).
Web beacons and embedded scripts
Web beacons and embedded scripts are other technologies that we use in our websites and applications, as well as in some of our emails and ads.
Web beacons (or “tags”) are simple programming code included in web pages, emails, and ads that notify the BAB (or the companies that help us run our website) when those web pages, emails, or ads have been viewed or clicked on.
Embedded scripts are programming code included within some of our web pages that measure how you use those web pages, such as which links you click. We use this information to improve our websites and online services, tailor our websites and online services to your likely interests, and for market research. You may be able to turn off scripting functionality, such as JavaScript, within your browser (please refer to your browser help function). Note that if you disable scripting functionality, some parts of the BAB websites and applications may not function properly.
Cookie Policy Changes
If we decide to change our Cookie Policy for the site, we will post those changes on the site so that you will always know what type of information we gather, how we might use that information, and whether we will disclose it to anyone. If, at any time, you have questions or concerns about our Cookie Policy, please email us at babsecretary@bab.org.uk
Thank you for using ww.bab.org.uk. We hope you find it informative and professional and look forward to reading your comments and developing the site for your future use.
BAB Document and Image Download Area
Please ensure you are using the latest release of Adobe Acrobat to view Portable Document Files (Pdf). Please note that many browsers will open the pdf documents, you may save them by using the menu of your browser".
Documents marked in Green are displayed as Policy Documents, but are also available in the subject area.
Copyright © The BAB 2008-2020, All Rights ReservedNo part of this website or any of its contents may be reproduced, copied, modified or adapted, without the prior written consent of the BAB, unless otherwise indicated, for stand-alone materials.
Title
Version
Upload Date
Select
Policy Documents
Aikido Development Plan (2014 -2019)September 201523-11-2015
View PDF
BAB Anti Doping PolicyDecember 2020 10-12-2020
View PDF
BAB Data Processing Agreement with AssociationsAugust 2018 V115-08-2018
View PDF
BAB Data Protection Policy (GDPR)August 2018 V104-11-2019
View PDF
BAB Data Protection Procedures (GDPR)August 2018 V115-08-2018
View PDF
BAB Equality Policy 2019November 201901-11-2019
View PDF
BAB Vulnerable Adults Safeguarding and Protection Policy (VASPP)November 201508-11-2015
View PDF
BAB Web Site Policies (as displayed in the site general code)May 200912-05-2009
View PDF
Bab Website Cookie PolicyAugust 2018 V115-08-2018
View PDF
BAB Website Privacy PolicyAugust 2018 V115-08-2018
View PDF
BAB Website Terms and Conditions (GDPR)August 2018 V115-08-2018
View PDF
Child Safeguarding & Protection Policy (CSPP)December 2020 Version 108-12-2020
View PDF
Recruitment and DBS Guidance5th May 201610-03-2017
View PDF
If you need more information about aikido,
contact the management team.
Get In Touch
Copyright British Aikido Board. 2020 - All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Terms & Conditions
Back To Top
The BAB website uses cookies. We assume this is acceptable, but you may opt-out .
Read our Policy Cookie settingsAccept RejectPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.