http://www.worldblackbelt.com/privacy-policy/
Home/Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
2018-07-24T14:32:17+00:00
PRIVACY POLICY
Thank you for visiting WorldBlackBelt.com, a World Black Belt, Inc. site. Your privacy is important to us. In order to provide you with the most efficient and enhanced service, we request information about you. Since the protection of your privacy as a participant in the WorldBlackBelt community and on the Internet is a priority to us, we provide this detailed policy statement and notice explaining our online information dissemination practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used at this WorldBlackBelt site.
THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
At some WorldBlackBelt sites, you can order products, enter contests, vote in polls or otherwise express an opinion, subscribe to one of our services such as our online newsletters, or participate in one of our online forums or communities. The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected at these pages include: name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, fax number, credit card information, and information about your interests in and use of various products, programs, and services.
At some other WorldBlackBelt sites, you can submit information about other people. For example, you might submit a person’s name and e-mail address to send an electronic greeting card and, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you might submit the recipient’s name and address. The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected about other people at these pages include: recipient’s name, address, e-mail address, and telephone number.
We also may collect certain non-personally identifiable information when you visit many of our web pages such as the type of browser you are using (e.g., Netscape, Internet Explorer), the type of operating system you are using (e.g., Windows ’95 or Mac OS), and the domain name of your Internet service provider (e.g., America Online, Earthlink).
HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION
We may use the information you provide about yourself to fulfill your requests for our products, programs, and services, to respond to your inquiries about our offerings, and to offer you other products, programs or services that we believe may be of interest to you.
We sometimes use this information to communicate with you, such as to notify you when you have won one of our contests or when we make changes to our subscriber agreements, to fulfill a request by you for an online newsletter, or to contact you about your account with us.
We use the information that you provide about others to enable us to send them your gifts or cards. From time to time, we also may use this information to offer our products, programs, or services to them.
The information we collect in connection with our online forums and communities is used to provide an interactive experience. We use this information to facilitate in these online forums and communities and, from time to time, to offer you products, programs, or services.
We sometimes use the non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve the design and content or our site and to enable us to personalize your Internet experience. We also may use this information in the aggregate to analyze site usage, as well as to offer you products, programs, or services.
We will disclose information we maintain when required to do so by law, for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena. We also may disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency’s request.
Agents and contractors of WorldBlackBelt who have access to personally identifiable information are required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Notice by, for example, not using the information for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for WorldBlackBelt.
Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information, we cannot assure you that personally identifiable information that we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Notice. Inadvertent disclosures may result, for example, when third parties misrepresent their identities in asking the site for access to personally identifiable information about themselves for purposes of correcting possible factual errors in the data.
If a WorldBlackBelt site discloses personally identifiable information to companies not owned by World Black Belt who want to market products or services to you, it will provide you with an opportunity to opt out or block such uses. For instructions on how to opt out from such disclosures, please send an email, along with your first and last name to (email link). WorldBlackBelt may on occasion combine information we receive online with outside records to enhance our ability to market to you those products or services that may be of interest to you. If you prefer not to receive marketing information from this site, please send an e-mail, along with you first and last name to (email link).
Finally, WorldBlackBelt sites will not use or transfer personally identifiable information provided to us in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you with an opportunity to opt out of these unrelated uses.
COLLECTION OF INFORMATION BY THIRD-PARTY SITES AND SPONSORS
Some of our sites contain links to other sites whose information practices may be different than ours. Visitors should consult the other sites privacy notices, as we have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties.
WorldBlackBelt sites sometimes may offer contests, sweepstakes, or promotions that are sponsored by or co-sponsored with identified third parties. By virtue of their sponsorship, these third parties may obtain personally identifiable information that visitors voluntarily submit to participate in the contest, sweepstakes, or promotion. WorldBlackBelt has no control over the third-party sponsors’ use of this information. The WorldBlackBelt site will notify you at the time of requesting personally identifiable information if third-party sponsors will obtain such information.
Cookies
To enhance your experience with our sites, many of our web pages use “cookies”. Cookies are text files we place in your computer’s browser to store your preferences. Cookies, by themselves, do not tell us your e-mail address or other personally identifiable information unless you choose to provide this information to us by, for example, registering at one of our sites. However, once you choose to furnish the site with personally identifiable information, this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie.
We use cookies to understand site usage and to improve the content and offerings on our sites. For example, we may use cookies to personalize your experience at our web pages (e.g., to recognize you by name when you return to our site), save your password in password protected areas, and enable you to use shopping carts on our sites. We also may use cookies to offer you products, programs, or services.
Choosing to Opt-out of Information Collection
We provide visitors the opportunity to opt-out of receiving e-mail from us when we first request registration information from you.
Some personal information is required for registration; however, for specific contests or to enable your participation within our discussion areas, some degree of personal and contact information will be necessary. You can always choose not to receive additional mailings at that time.
Our Commitment to Security
We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the information we collect online.
How You Can Access, Update and/or Correct Personal Information
For instructions on how you can access the personally identifiable information that this WorldBlackBelt site has collected about you online, or how to correct factual errors in such information, please send an e-mail, along with your first and last name to customerservice@worldblackbelt.com
To protect your privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to help verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
Deleting or Deactivating Your Name From Our Database
Visitors may un-subscribe from newsletters and opt-out of various mailings through our online registration forms. If you have difficulty using these forms, you can send e-mail to info@worldblackbelt.com.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
This statement discloses the privacy practices for portions of WorldBlackBelt.com directed at children under 13. World Black Belt will not:
collect online information from a user under 13 without prior verifiable parental consent, which includes an opportunity for the parent to prevent use of the information and participation in the activity. When we do not obtain prior verifiable parental consent, online contact information will be used only to directly respond to the child’s request and will not be used to contact the child for other purposes.
collect personally identifiable offline contact information from users under 13 without prior verifiable parental consent.
distribute to third parties any personally identifiable information collected from a child under 13 without prior verifiable parental consent.
Give the ability to children to send e-mail, create personal web pages, and participate in forums or children’s chat rooms without prior verifiable parental consent.
entice a child under 13 by the prospect of a special game, prize or other activity, to divulge more information than is needed to participate in such activity.
We will also place prominent notices wherever personally identifiable information is collected requesting the child to ask a parent for permission to proceed.
CONTACT WORLD BLACK BELT, INC.
If you have any questions about this privacy notice and statement, our practices, or your dealings with WorldBlackBelt.com, you can contact:
Administration Manager
WorldBlackBelt, Inc.
P.O. Box 573123
Tarzana, CA 91357
(866)252-2523
Info@worldblackbelt.com
LOGIN
Username
Password
Remember Me
Register
Recently Active Members
Community Groups
There are no groups to display.
Chat Forums
American Martial Arts
Brazilian Martial Arts
Chinese Martial Arts
European Martial Arts
Everything Martial Arts
Filipino Martial Arts
Israeli Martial Arts
Japanese Martial Arts
Korean Martial Arts
From The Web
Categories
No categories
More From The Web
Near me
40 miles