http://www.olympic.org.nz/terms-of-use
Home
Terms of use
New Zealand Olympic Committee Website Terms of Use
By using, accessing, or viewing the New Zealand Olympic Committee Website (“Site”) you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions set out below (“Terms”). If you do not accept the Terms you are not permitted to use the Site and must not use the Site.
1. Changes to the Terms:  Please be aware that the New Zealand Olympic Committee may vary the Terms from time to time without notice by publishing the varied Terms on the Site. Any changes will come into effect as soon as they are posted on the Terms page. Your continued use of the Site after any changes to the Terms will be regarded as acceptance of the new Terms. It is your responsibility to check these Terms periodically for any changes.
2. Protection of information:  You should be aware that the information on this Site is protected by copyright, trademark and other intellectual property laws and rights, including, without limitation, photographs, content, text materials, graphics, software, tools, trademarks, service marks, company names and logos, audio and visual elements. All rights, title and interest in such intellectual property rights, copyright and trademark are owned, licenced or controlled by New Zealand Olympic Committee.
You may use information on the Site and reproduce it in hard copy for your personal reference or you may share for non-commercial purposes, permitted public content on social media, You must retain all copyright and other proprietary notices as they appear in the original material. You may not modify any content on the Site or present any modified content from the Site as official the New Zealand Olympic Committee material. You may link to the Site’s home page www.olympic.org.nz provided that such link does not imply any sponsorship or other partnership arrangement of the Site or the New Zealand Olympic Committee. You may not frame, link or otherwise incorporate into any other website or service any of the information contained within the Site, without the written prior consent of the New Zealand Olympic Committee.
The New Zealand Olympic Committee reserves the right to prohibit links to the Site, and you agree to remove or cease any link or social media post containing Site content upon the New Zealand Olympic Committee's request.
3. Sharing:  You acknowledge and agree that you own the copyright in your all and any information ("Content") you post on the Site. You also acknowledge and agree that such Content will not infringe or violate the intellectual property or other rights of some other person or entity or contravene the law in any way. By posting any Content on the Site you specifically grant the New Zealand Olympic Committee in perpetuity a non-exclusive, transferable and royalty free licence to use that Content that you post in connection with the Site or other the New Zealand Olympic Committee promotional or advertising purposes. This licence will survive termination of your access to the Site.
4. Your use of the Site:  You agree to use the Site in a manner that complies with all applicable laws and regulations, and in accordance with the Terms. If you choose to access this Site from outside of New Zealand, you will also be responsible for complying with the applicable local and national laws of that country. You agree that you will ensure your use of the Site does not infringe the rights of any other person or entity or restrict or inhibit their use and enjoyment of the Site. You acknowledge that the New Zealand Olympic Committee may remove any Content that may be offensive or breaches these Terms at its absolute discretion. The Site, and any information contained on or within the Site, may be accessed via standard web browsers only. Access by any other method (including, but not limited to, hacking, scraping, harvesting, data mining or any other extraction or data gathering method) is prohibited, except without the prior written consent of the New Zealand Olympic Committee.
Without limiting the generality of this provision, you agree to not:
- submit for posting or otherwise distribute any Content in any way which violates, plagiarises or infringes upon the rights of any third party, including but not limited to any copyright or trademark law, privacy or other personal or proprietary or moral rights;
- use the Site directly or indirectly to post or transmit any Content unlawfully, or which is obscene, indecent, uses offensive language, defames, abuses, harasses, stalks, threatens, menaces, offends or restricts any person, or which prevents any other user from using or enjoying the Site or which is false, misleading or deceptive in any way;
- attempt to gain unauthorised access to the Site or use another person's name, registration account or password, impersonate any person or entity or create a false identity for the purpose of misleading others as to the identity of the sender or the origin of a message you post on the Site or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity;
- knowingly provide registration information that is not truthful;
- tamper with, hinder the operation of or make unauthorised modifications to the Site;
- knowingly transmit any virus or other disabling feature to the Site;
- collect information about others without their consent; or
- engage in any other conduct that the New Zealand Olympic Committee considers (in its absolute discretion) breaches these Terms or is otherwise inappropriate for the Site.
5. Disclaimer:  The purpose of this Site is for general guidance purposes only. While the New Zealand Olympic Committee uses reasonable endeavours to ensure accuracy of the information on this Site, the information is provided on an "as is" basis and without warranties of any kind, express or implied, including but not limited to accuracy, correctness, timeliness, completeness or fitness for purpose.
The Site may contain links to third party websites. These websites have not been prepared by the New Zealand Olympic Committee and are not controlled by the New Zealand Olympic Committee. The New Zealand Olympic Committee is not responsible for, and does not guarantee the performance of, goods and services provided by any of its advertisers, sponsors, charity partners or any third party to whose website the New Zealand Olympic Committee may provide a link to. Advertisements are not recommendations or endorsements by the New Zealand Olympic Committee and you should refer to the relevant advertiser for information on its products and/or services. As such, navigating links to external websites is at your own risk.
Access to, and the availability of, the Site, may be interrupted, restricted or delayed from time to time. The New Zealand Olympic Committee does not give any warranties of any kind, expressed or implied, in respect of the availability or performance of the Site.
6. Liability:  Except to the extent that the law prohibits exclusion of liability, the New Zealand Olympic Committee shall not be liable to you as a user of the Site for any loss, damage or expense (whether direct, indirect or consequential) incurred by you or any third party through the acts or omissions of the New Zealand Olympic Committee, its employees or agents or through incomplete, unavailable or erroneous information, and all warranties, representations and guarantees (whether express, implied or statutory) are exlcuded, including without limitation, fitness for purpose, accuracy or completeness of this Site or the content on or accessed through it.
To the full extent permissible by New Zealand law, the New Zealand Olympic Committee disclaims all responsibility for damages or losses (including, without limitation, financial loss, damages for loss of revenue, loss of profits or savings, and indirect or consequential loss) arising in contract, tort (including negligence) or otherwise from you or other users of the Site for the use of, or inability to use, the Site, or any material appearing on the Site, or from any action or decision taken as a result of using the Site.
7. Termination:  In the event that you commit any breach of the Terms or that the New Zealand Olympic Committee believes that you have misused the Site (in its absolute discretion), the New Zealand Olympic Committee may terminate your right (or restrict your access) to the Site immediately without notice, and without prejudice to any other rights or remedies available to the New Zealand Olympic Committee. If notified, you must cease to use the Site and not attempt to gain further access to it or the information contained on or within the Site.
8. Governing law:  These Terms are governed, and to be interpreted, by New Zealand law and will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of New Zealand.
9. Privacy Policy: The Privacy Policy available on the Site's home page governs the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information by the New Zealand Olympic Committee. The Privacy Policy forms part of these Terms.
10. Cookies: The Site may use "cookies" to provide you with access to tailored information and services on the Site and to serve you better when you return to it. A Cookie is a small data file that the Site sends to your browser, which may then be stored on your system for later retrieval by the Site. Cookies track your movements through different websites, and are widely used on websites to help with navigation and to help personalise your experience when you visit a website.
11. Additional Terms: You may need to agree to additional terms and conditions for any promotions or competitions which may be available to you from time to time through this Site, prior to being able to obtain or participation in such promotions or competitions. Any such additional terms and conditions must be read in conjunction with these Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between these Terms and any promotion or competition terms and conditions, the relevant promotion or competition terms and conditions will prevail.
12. Security of information: Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed as totally secure. Whilst the NZOC will strive to protect such information, the New Zealand Olympic Committee does not warrant and cannot ensure the security of any information which you transmit to the Site. Accordingly, any information which you transmit to the Site is transmitted at your own risk. Nevertheless, once the New Zealand Olympic Committee receives your transmission, the New Zealand Olympic Committee will take reasonable steps to preserve the security of such information. You should never share your secure information, password or identifier with any other person.
13. Contact us: If you have any specific concerns about the information and services published on the Site please email the New Zealand Olympic Committee at office@olympic.org.nz.
The information contained in this Site is subject to change without notice.
Updated on 1 October 2015