http://www.britisheventing.com/legal-and-privacy-statement
Skip to main content
Legal and Privacy Statement
LEGAL AND PRIVACY STATEMENT
British Eventing Limited (formerly British Horse Trials Association Limited.)
Registered Address: Abbey Park, Stareton, Kenilworth, Warwickshire, CV8 2RN.
Company Registration Number: 3218925.
Welcome to British Eventing's Legal Notices:
Please click here to read our Privacy Notice
Please click here to read our User Agreement
Please click here to read our Cookie Policy
PRIVACY NOTICE
British Eventing Limited respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal data. This Privacy Notice will inform you as to how we look after your personal data when you visit our website (regardless of where you visit it from) and tell you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.
This privacy notice is provided in a layered format so you can click through to the specific areas set out below
1. IMPORTANT INFORMATION AND WHO WE ARE
2. THE DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
3. HOW IS YOUR PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED
4. HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
5. DISCLOSURES OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
6. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
7. DATA SECURITY
8. DATA RETENTION
9. YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
1. Important information and who we are
Purpose of this privacy notice
This privacy notice aims to give you information on how British Eventing collects and processes your personal data through your use of this website, including any data you may provide through this website, for example when you sign up to our newsletter, purchase a product or service or take part in a competition.
It is important that you read this privacy notice together with any other privacy notice or fair processing notice we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data. This privacy notice supplements the other notices and is not intended to override them.
We have a separate privacy policy for children under 13 years of age. For children 13 or other this privacy policy applies in full. Please contact info@britisheventing.com for a copy.
Controller
British Eventing Limited is the data controller and responsible for your personal data (collectively referred to as British Eventing, "we", "us" or "our" in this privacy notice).
We have appointed a data protection champion (DPC) who is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to this privacy notice. If you have any questions about this privacy notice, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, please contact the DPC using the details set out below.
Contact details
Our full details are:
Full name of legal entity: British Eventing Limited
Name or title of DPC: Wendy McGowan, Chief Operating Officer
Email address: datarequest@britisheventing.com
Postal address: Abbey Park, Stareton, Kenilworth, Warwickshire, CV8 2RN.
Telephone number: 02476698856
You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues (www.ico.org.uk). We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO so please contact us in the first instance.
Changes to the privacy notice and your duty to inform us of changes
We may make minor changes to this privacy notice where necessary at any time. The currently published version of this privacy notice shall be valid.  We will only inform you of changes where there is a material change to your rights, for example in the event of a change in Data Protection law.  It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us.
Third-party links
This website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit.
2. The data we collect about you
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together follows:
Identity Data includes first name, last name, username or similar identifier, title, date of birth and gender.
Contact Data includes billing address, delivery address, email address and telephone numbers.
Financial Data includes bank account and payment card details.
Transaction Data includes details about payments to and from you and other details of anything you have purchased from us including membership.
Technical Data includes internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this website.
Profile Data includes your username and password, and any other information you provide when applying for membership.
Usage Data includes information about how you use our website and services.
Marketing and Communications Data includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.
We also collect, use and share Aggregated Data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data may be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy notice.
We do not collect any Special Categories of Personal Data about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data, except medical records regarding rider accidents which we are required to compile for insurance and safety purposes). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
If you fail to provide personal data
Where we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract  we have with you (i.e. when you take out membership) and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to process your membership). In this case, we may have to cancel your membership application but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
3. How is your personal data collected?
We only collect data for direct interaction with you, i.e. when you apply for membership or when you contact us by post, phone or email or online via our website.
4. How we use your personal data
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
Where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you (membership).
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
These are the types of lawful basis for processing that we will rely on to process your personal data.
Legitimate Interest means the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service/product and the best and most secure experience. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law). You can obtain further information about how we assess our legitimate interests against any potential impact on you in respect of specific activities by contacting us
Performance of Contract means processing your data where it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract.
Comply with a legal or regulatory obligation means processing your personal data where it is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation that we are subject to.
Performance of a task carried out in the public interest
Where British Eventing collects event results data and links it to membership information provided by you, we process such data for archiving purposes in the public interest and this is not subject to the requirement to have another legal ground for such processing. Likewise the retention policy does not apply to such results data which is our obligation as the national governing body of equestrian eventing to keep a record of in perpetuity, provided the rights and freedoms of the individual are not compromised by the retention of such results data.
Generally we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data other than in relation to sending third party direct marketing communications to you via email or text message. You have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by contacting us.
Purposes for which we will use your personal data
We have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate.
Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data. Please contact us if you need details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your personal data where more than one ground has been set out in the table below.
Purpose/Activity
Type of data
Lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest
To register you as a member
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
Performance of a contract with you
To process and deliver your membership application:
(a) Manage payments, fees and charges
(b) Collect and recover money owed to us
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Financial
(d) Transaction
(e) Marketing and Communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to recover debts due to us)
To manage our relationship with you which will include:
(a) Notifying you about changes to our terms or privacy policy
(b) Asking you to leave a review or take a survey
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Marketing and Communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
(c) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated and to study how customers use our products/services)
To enable you to partake in a prize draw, online competition or complete a survey
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Usage
(e) Marketing and Communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them and grow our business)
To administer and protect our business and this website (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data)
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical
(a) Necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganisation or group restructuring exercise)
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
To deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you and measure or understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Usage
(e) Marketing and Communications
(f) Technical
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them, to grow our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
To use data analytics to improve our website, products/services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences
(a) Technical
(b) Usage
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to define types of customers for our products and services, to keep our website updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
To make suggestions and recommendations to you about events, goods or services that may be of interest to you and to carry out appropriate research on the views of members
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical
(d) Usage
(e) Profile
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop our products/services and grow our business)
To process competition data including results.
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to facilitate the organisation of affiliated events)
To keep a record of results data in accordance with our obligations as the national governing body of equestrian eventing
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c)  Profile
The public interest requirement to maintain an archive of eventing competition results data
To process personal data in order to carry out BE’s regulatory obligations.
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c)  Profile
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to ensure rules and regulations and the integrity of the sport of eventing are upheld)
To process personal data in order to ensure that members and horses are appropriately registered (including, where relevant, with the FEI); to allow us to investigate issues of conduct, integrity and safeguarding and to take disciplinary action where appropriate in relation to breaches of rules and regulations. This may include publishing decisions in appropriate disciplinary cases to ensure transparency in accordance with the FEI’s rules and regulations and sharing decisions with other national organisations to ensure suspensions are upheld
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c)  Profile
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to ensure rules and regulations are upheld and to protect the integrity of the sport of eventing)
To process personal data for the purposes of talent identification for national teams and squads, and to use information about those who participate in competitions to administer and promote those competitions.
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c)  Profile
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to facilitate selection of competitors and to promote the sport of eventing)
To process personal data in order to carry out relevant safety and medical procedures, evaluating the treatment of injuries, carrying out injury audits and ensuring that BE can appropriately assess competitors’ ability to return to competition.  This may involve the processing of sensitive personal data but this will be limited to medical information.
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Medical
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to ensure health and safety standards and regulations are upheld and for regulatory compliance
To maintain and use footage, images, records of results and event conduct as part of BE’s role of maintaining a record and history of the sport of eventing and promoting the sport and competitions.
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c)  Profile
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to ensure rules and regulations are upheld and to protect the integrity of the sport of eventing)
Marketing
We strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal data uses, particularly around marketing and advertising.
Promotional offers from us
We may use your Identity, Contact, Technical, Usage and Profile Data to form a view on what we think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you. This is how we decide which products, services and offers may be relevant for you (we call this marketing).
You will receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us or you provided us with your details when you applied for membership and, in each case, you have opted to receive that marketing.
Third-party marketing
We will get your express opt-in consent before we share your personal data with any other company for marketing purposes.
Opting out
You can ask us or third parties to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by logging into the website and checking or unchecking relevant boxes to adjust your marketing preferences or by following the opt-out links on any marketing message sent to you or by contacting us at any time.
Where you opt out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as a result of a membership application.
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this website may become inaccessible or not function properly.
Change of purpose
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact us.
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
5. Disclosures of your personal data
We may have to share your personal data with Third Parties (defined below) for the purposes set out in the table in paragraph 4 above.
Third Parties
Organisers of affiliated events, coaches, or other equestrian organisations such as the British Equestrian Foundation (BEF) and the Fédération Equestre Internationale (FEI).
Service providers acting as processors based in the European Economic Area who provide IT and system administration services.
Professional advisers acting as processors or joint controllers including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers based in the United Kingdom who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services.
HM Revenue & Customs, regulators and other authorities acting as processors or joint controllers based in the United Kingdom who require reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances.
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
When you submit information on registration, we may receive information from third parties such as the FEI, event organisers and other governing bodies.
When we carry out disciplinary and safeguarding activities we will receive information from witnesses and from other participants involved in any relevant incident. We may also involve an event organiser and/or the Equestrian Community Integrity Unit in any investigation.
Where you choose to involve a third party, representative body, lawyer or relative, we may receive and share data with such persons.
6. International transfers
We do not transfer your personal data outside the European Economic Area (EEA).
7. Data security
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
8. Data retention
How long will you use my personal data for?
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
We keep full membership records for 6 years after an individual ceases to be a member. We keep results data indefinitely for public interest reasons set out in the table at point 4.
By law we have to keep financial data for six years from receipt of such information for financial and tax purposes. In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data: see Request Erasure below for further information.
In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
9. Your legal rights
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data. These are you legal rights:
Request access to your personal data (commonly known as a "data subject access request"). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.
Request erasure of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
Object to processing of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
Request restriction of processing of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios: (a) if you want us to establish the data's accuracy; (b) where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it; (c) where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or (d) you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Request the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
Withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
Please click on the links below to find out more about these rights:
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us.
No fee usually required
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
What we may need from you
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
Time limit to respond
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
USER AGREEMENT
Use of this web site and the services provided via it ("www.britisheventing.com") are conditional upon you accepting the following terms and conditions. Unless otherwise specified, your acceptance of this User Agreement shall be indicated by your use of www.britisheventing.com. www.britisheventing.com is provided by British Eventing Ltd.
These terms and conditions and our Privacy Notice, (together the “User Agreement”) form our entire agreement with you in respect of non-chargeable use of www.britisheventing.com and supersede any prior agreement or arrangement with you in respect of www.britisheventing.com. If a company name is inserted in your membership registration request, then the User Agreement shall be between us and that company and accordingly unless the context otherwise requires, references to "you" and "your" in this User Agreement shall also be to that company.
Availability of www.britisheventing.com
We will endeavour to ensure that www.britisheventing.com is available 24 hours per day without any interruptions. However, we reserve the right to make www.britisheventing.com unavailable at any time or to restrict access to parts or all of www.britisheventing.com without notice.www.britisheventing.com is a general information service. We will endeavour not to make it misleading, but we cannot represent that the information accessible on or via www.britisheventing.com is accurate, not-misleading, complete or up to date.
Use of www.britisheventing.com
www.britisheventing.com is designed for your personal, non-commercial use and you must not use it in any other way without our consent. Except as permitted under applicable law, you must not use, copy, translate, publish, licence or sell www.britisheventing.com or any materials or information in www.britisheventing.com or the structure, overall style and program code of www.britisheventing.com without our consent. If you wish to make a request for consent, please contact info@britisheventing.com.
Links
www.britisheventing.com includes links to other internet sites. Without limiting what we say elsewhere, we make no representations or warranties about those sites or their content, nor that such links work. If you wish to link to www.britisheventing.com you should do so at www.britisheventing.com. Details of our linking arrangements may be obtained from info@britisheventing.com.
Data Protection
It is your responsibility to ensure that that you give us an accurate and valid e-mail address and other contact details and tell us of any changes to them, however we cannot make any assurances about any other user you may meet using the www.britisheventing.com. We comply with all applicable Data Protection laws in the UK. For a description of how we use your personal data, please see our Privacy Policy.
Intellectual property
www.britisheventing.com, its style and structure, and the materials and information on www.britisheventing.com of www.britisheventing.com are protected by copyright and other intellectual property rights, and may not be used by you except as expressly provided in this User Agreement. The authors of the documents in www.britisheventing.com assert their moral rights.
Our Liability
Since www.britisheventing.com is both free and available to all, it is a condition that your use of www.britisheventing.com is at your own risk. We shall not be liable to you or in breach of this User Agreement for any delay or failure to perform any obligation if the delay or failure is due to a cause beyond our reasonable control including, without limitation, the blocking or restricting of information to and/or from our network.
Except as expressly provided in this User agreement, we disclaim any further representations, warranties, conditions or other terms, express or implied, by statute, collaterally or otherwise, including but not limited to implied warranties, conditions or other terms of satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose or reasonable care and skill.
Save as provided below, we disclaim all and will not be liable in contract, tort (including, without limitation, negligence) or otherwise arising in connection with this User Agreement or www.britisheventing.com for: (i) consequential, indirect or special loss or damage; or (ii) any loss of goodwill or reputation; or (iii) any economic losses (including loss of revenues, profits, contracts, business or anticipated savings), in each case, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such loss or damage and howsoever incurred.
Our maximum liability to you in contract, tort (including, without limitation, negligence) or otherwise arising in connection with this User Agreement or the www.britisheventing.com shall be limited to £50. Notwithstanding any other provision of this User Agreement, we will be liable to you without limit for any death or personal injury caused by our negligence, for any liability arising from statements made fraudulently by us or any other liability that by applicable law cannot be limited.
Small Print
Either of us may terminate this User Agreement at any time. You may not transfer any of your rights or delegate any of your obligations under this User Agreement without our prior written consent. If we fail to enforce any provision of this User Agreement, that failure will not preclude us from enforcing either that provision (or any similar provision) on a later occasion. Nothing in this User Agreement shall confer on any third party any benefit or the right to enforce any term of the User Agreement. This User Agreement is governed by English law and any dispute connected with this agreement is subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. Nothing in this User Agreement affects your statutory rights as a consumer.
Complaints
If you believe that your intellectual property or other rights are being infringed by the www.britisheventing.com, or if you are dissatisfied with www.britisheventing.com or any aspect of our service, in the first instance please contact info@britisheventing.com.
COOKIE POLICY
Cookies
British Eventing does not make use of a web site visitor's IP address, or other session information that is automatically captured by its web server, for any purpose other than system administration and to provide statistics that are used to evaluate use of the site.
Only Session Cookies are used. These are necessary for system administration purposes and are deleted when a visit to the site is terminated. The pages that are visited are tracked for analysis purposes only and the information is not used to make any assumptions about a visitor's particular interests.
TRADE MARKS
The name British Eventing and its associated logos are registered trade marks.  These trade marks together with series and programme names are a valuable part of BE’s intellectual property.  Any use of the name, the logos or the series/programme names without consent is an infringement of BE’s intellectual property rights.  BE monitors the use of its trade marks and will take prompt action to enforce its rights, if necessary in order to maintain the value and distinctiveness of the trade marks. If a member wishes to use BE’s trade marks they will need the consent of BE which will be granted where applicable but may be retracted by BE at any time where in the reasonable opinion of BE the trade mark is being used improperly or inconsistently with any guidance provided at the time the consent is granted.
EQUAL OPPORTUNITIES AND EQUALITY STATEMENT
British Eventing aims to ensure that all people, irrespective of age, sex, gender, disability, race, parental or marital status, pregnancy, religion or belief, sexual orientation and gender reassignment, have an equal opportunity to take part in equestrianism at any level and in any role.
British Eventing will inform its members, employees and volunteers on the ownership adoption and implementation of equal opportunities within the sport of Eventing, and will monitor, review and evaluate progress in achieving these aims, feeding back to stakeholders on progress made.
British Eventing’s employment policy is to ensure that individuals are treated solely on the basis of their relevant aptitudes, skills and abilities. Accordingly, the British Eventing management team ensures that recruitment, selection, training, development and promotion procedures result in no job applicant or employee receiving less favourable treatment on the grounds of age, sex, gender, disability, race, parental or marital status, pregnancy, religion or belief, sexual orientation and gender reassignment, or being a part time worker.
British Eventing members, employees and volunteers have a responsibility to ensure they assist British Eventing in successfully achieving its equal opportunities objectives by:
·        Not discriminating against fellow members, employees, volunteers, suppliers or members of the public with whom they come into contact during the course of their equestrian pursuits;
·        Not inducing or attempting to induce others to practice unlawful discrimination;
·        Reporting any discriminatory action to the Lead Welfare Officer at British Eventing.