http://www.kauailagoonsgolf.com/privacy
Privacy Policy | Hokuala Kauai by Timbers Resorts
Menu
Main menu
DestinationLocation
Culture
Community
ExperiencesDining
Farm
Golf
Activities
Trails
Spa
Real Estate
Vacation
Home
Privacy Policy
Maps
Meet the Team
Press & Accolades
Timbers Residences Partners
Timbers Resorts® Privacy Policy Statement
Last Updated September 20, 2011
This Privacy Policy Statement (this “Privacy Policy”) discloses the privacy practices for personal information collected by, or submitted to, Timbers Resorts, or any affiliates of Timbers Resorts (together, “Timbers,” “we,” “us” or “our”). This Privacy Policy describes our information practices and applies when you transact business with us or provide personal information to us, through websites for resorts in our collection, including resort specific owners application websites known as andiamo (the “Sites”), by email, mail, facsimile, telephone or otherwise (for example, at our resort locations, or to our customer service or concierge agents).
We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy carefully when using our Sites or services or transacting business with us. By using our Sites, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. In the event this Privacy Policy conflicts with any applicable law or any other agreement between you and Timbers, such applicable law or other agreement shall govern.
Collection of Personal Information
We may collect personally identifiable information you enter on our Sites or provide to us in some other manner as described above. Personally identifiable information is any information that may be used to identify you as an individual, including, but not limited to, your name, email address, postal address, telephone number, birth date and gender. Such information may be used to allow you to order or schedule services, to receive support for the services we provide, to allow us to contact you to provide those services, or otherwise to better serve you. We also use the information we collect to tailor and improve your experience while using the Sites. In some cases, if you choose not to provide us with requested information, you may not be able to access all of our information and services.
When you provide personal information through our website, the information may be sent to servers located in the United States and other countries around the world. If you are a resident of a country outside the United States, then by your submission of information to us, you understand, acknowledge and agree that your information will be transferred to databases maintained in the U.S., which databases are subject to United States law and may provide different levels of data protection than countries outside the United States.
The Sites are general audience sites and do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13.
Collection of Non-Personal Information
We may automatically collect non-personally identifiable information about visitors to our Sites, such as number of visitors, Internet Protocol address, browser type, operating system and pages viewed. We use this data in the aggregate to determine how visitors use our Sites so we can improve your experience on our Sites. We may provide this statistical information to third parties.
We may use “cookies” (text files placed on your computer by a web page server) or other technologies to collect such non-personally identifiable data. You can turn off the ability to receive any of these cookies by adjusting the browser on your computer. If you refuse cookies, however, you may not be able to access or use some of the features we offer on our Sites.
How We May Use Information We Collect
Timbers may use personally identifiable information collected from you for several general purposes:
to deliver the products and services that you have requested;
to provide information about our products and services, including through sales
to respond to your inquiries;
to manage your account and provide you with customer support;
to conduct market research relating to the development of our services and Sites;
to develop and display content and advertising tailored to your interests on our
to verify your eligibility and deliver prizes in connection with contests and
to otherwise maintain and administer the Sites; and
to perform functions as otherwise described to you at the time of collection.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
Timbers may disclose your personal information to other companies or people under any of the following circumstances:
when we have your consent to share the information. You may grant such
to send the information to companies who work on our behalf to provide a
to conform or comply with the law, or if we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a court order or subpoena, to cooperate with investigations by law enforcement or regulatory authorities or to participate or cooperate with a judicial proceeding, to enforce applicable terms and conditions of these Sites, or in urgent circumstances, to protect the safety of persons or property, including the Sites; or
in the event of a merger, consolidation or reorganization involving Timbers, consent at the time you provide or transmit information to us; product or service to you or who help manage our databases; action is necessary to comply with a court order or subpoena, to cooperate with investigations by law enforcement or regulatory authorities or to participate or cooperate with a judicial proceeding, to enforce applicable terms and conditions of these Sites, or in urgent circumstances, to protect the safety of persons or property, including the Sites; or acquisition of Timbers by another company, a sale of all or a portion of Timbers’ assets, or other similar transaction, your personal information will, in most instances, be transferred to the control of a third party.
By submitting information to us, you agree to receive communications from Timbers, including communications from some or all developers of the several real estate projects affiliated with Timbers. We will not send you communications if you have notified the sender of such communications of your preference not to receive such communications, or when we are prohibited by applicable law from doing so.
Your Privacy Choices
If you wish to verify or modify any of the information you have submitted to us, please contact at any time via the email address or phone number provided below under “Contact Information.”
We give you the opportunity to opt out of receiving direct marketing information from us. This means that we may use the information you provide for direct marketing or market research purposes unless you take affirmative action to indicate that you do not want to receive marketing materials, for instance by clicking or checking the appropriate option or box at the point of collection.
Finally, you can opt out of receiving marketing information at any time. If you do not want to be included on our email or marketing list, you can easily opt out by sending an email to privacy@timbersresorts.com.
Our Commitment to Security
To prevent unauthorized access and ensure the correct use of information, Timbers has put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Links to Other Websites
These Sites may contain advertisements and links to third-party sites (“Third-Party Websites”) over which Timbers has no control. Timbers is not responsible for the privacy policies of the Third-Party Websites to which you link from the Sites. Timbers encourages you to review the privacy policies of those Third-Party Websites so that you understand if/how they collect and/or use information from you or your computer.
Your California Privacy Rights
Pursuant to California Civil Code Section 1798.83, a California resident who has provided personal information to a business with whom he/she has established a business relationship has the right to request certain information regarding the disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to privacy@timbersresorts.com or write to us at: Timbers Resorts, 201 Main Street, Suite 202, Carbondale, CO 81615.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Timbers may amend this Privacy Policy at any time in its sole discretion, subject to any applicable laws. Please review this Privacy Policy periodically to confirm your continued agreement with the terms contained herein, as the same may be amended from time to time.
Contact Information
You may contact us at any address or number that we have provided to you, or, as a general matter, at the following:
Timbers Resorts
201 Main Street
Suite 202
Carbondale, CO 81615
970.510.6796
Email: privacy@timbersresorts.com
Facebook
Instagram
Hokuala – A Timbers Resort
3351 Ho’olaule’a Way
Kauai, Hawaii 96766
Real Estate Local: 808.241.6080
Real Estate Toll Free: 844.465.8252
Golf: 808.241.6000
DESTINATION
Location
Culture
Community
EXPERIENCE
Golf
Dining
Spa
Activities
Farm
Trails
Real Estate
Vacation
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Copyright
All Rights Reserved.