http://www.flyinghighgym.com/countryside/privacy-policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We collect aggregate information website traffic; for example, what pages consumers access or visit. This statistical information we collect is used for internal review and to improve the content of our website. It is not shared with any other organizations for commercial purposes. We do not set any cookies. We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.If you supply us with your postal address or email address, you will only receive the information for which you provided us your postal address or email address.From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. Flying High Gym only collects Personal Information that you submit voluntarily when you provide your name, address and any other contact information you choose to provide, on the "Contact Us" and "Register" portions of the Site. Such Personal Information is collected for the sole purpose of adding your name and contact information to Flying High Gym's mailing list in order to provide you with publications, promotions, updates and invitations to upcoming Flying High Gym events that may be of interest to you. By providing Flying High Gym with Personal Information on these portions of the Site, you consent to the collection and use of such information in accordance with this privacy statement. Flying High Gym does not disclose any Personal Information to any third parties, except as required by law. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our website periodically.Please let us know of any questions or concerns via email at chris@flyinghighgym.com.
Thank you for visiting www.flyinghighgym.com.
Testimonials
Nicholas feels right at home at Little Tykes Camp. He absolutely loves his teachers and the activities they do with him. When he gets home he’s so excited to tell me about his day at camp! I notice a difference in his ability to take direction with ease and confidence in his art. He also takes more initiative to clean up and put things away. I wish Little Tykes Camp was every day, the staff are amazing and our family just loves it!															- Lauren N.
Miss Gina is the best gymnastics coach ever. She is beyond patient, motivating, and talented. Miss Gina is a star and she made our Cindy a star. Everyone is beyond impressed by her talent! Thank you!															- Ashley W.
Bryn loves her class with Alyssa! Bryn is often apprehensive, especially when she begins something new. Yet, Alyssa made her feel comfortable right away, so she now walks into class confidently each week. Thank you for all you have done to ensure that Bryn has a positive experience! I feel that the entire staff has bent over backwards (no pun intended) to make her feel included and confident.															- Susan G.
Kristen is a wonderful teacher that is very professional and has a way with children. My child has gained so many new skills with the help of her.															- Halyna N.
Coach Cody is encouraging, motivating, and holding our two boys accountable. He makes them listen and follow directions, which we love! The boys are so excited to come to class every week and see Coach Cody.															- Lauren L.
My kids have been attending classes (gymnastics, martial arts, tumbling), camps, & parties for years. The owners are always looking for ways to improve the gym. The staff has been extremely consistent (always helps when kids walk in and see familiar faces) and helpful. They have an upstairs gym for younger kids and a fabulous camp space. The field trips the campers take are such great outings. This is a great place for any kid who wants to try something new, they really put the kids first! - Meredith A.
We had a birthday party at the Hickory Hills location this weekend. 50 1st Grades everywhere. Tristan and Ethan were amazing with them. Not only did they continuously engage with the kids, but they made sure that everyone had a great time. They made the party for these kids!															- Jaime S.
Just wanted to let you guys know that Sebastian's bday party this past Saturday was a HIT! Apparently all the kids were still talking about how much fun it was during school on Monday, lol! I wanted to take this time to share with you that Ernie was amazing that day! He is so organized, gave suggestions for how to serve the food we bought, and has a great voice for organizing/instructing/gathering the children! He was just so helpful, and I wanted to make sure you all know how awesome he is!!															- Alana L.
Not only teaching the kids the gymnastics basics but also important life skills. Sure to teach about taking turns and listening to directions. Really care for students in and out of gymnastics.															- Lauren M.
I would give Flying High day camp 20 stars if I could. Our youngster has been attending Flying High day camp for 5 years now. She absolutely loves it and has always had a wonderful time. Their field trip days are always top notch and the children's days are always filled with activities. Crafts, games, experiments and time in the gym. In addition, there are Friday pizza and movie days. Hands down, THE best day camp we have ever used.															- Sandie B.
Jocelyn went above and beyond by taking her time and working with our daughter on learning basic techniques. She truly cares about her students and is passionate about gymnastics.															- Snerana T.
Our daughter Madison is a non-verbal toddler with Autism.  She truly enjoys every special needs open gym that we make it to.  The staff there are very welcoming and are very helpful.  WE have met many families that have become our friends due to meeting at these events.  It’s very comfortable to be around families that understand our lives and struggles.  Going out to public places is not easy and to be able to enjoy ourselves as a family at your facility has been very rewarding.  This event you host sets your organization a part from others because many special needs events typically last 1 hour and you offer the best time frame and the most opportunities throughout the year.  We are not rushed and we are very welcomed.  Thank you for creating an opportunity for so many kids and families that don’t typically get them.  To see our daughter smile very time we arrive through your doors is something we don’t take for granted.  We are in her world and whatever makes her smile we try to continue to do. These events are needed and it’s organizations like yourselves that make it possible.   															- Brittni M.
Follow Us
Join Our Newsletter