http://www.phantomshockey.com/lehigh-valley-phantoms-privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Toggle navigation
Lehigh Valley Phantoms
Home
Tickets
Single Game Tickets
Season Ticket Plans
Mini Season Ticket Plans
Flex Packs
Special Ticket Promotions
Season Ticket Holder Referral Program
Manage Your Tickets
Group Ticket Opportunities
Party Suites
Party Decks
BSI Party Suite
Club Seats
Seating Chart
Team
Roster
All-Time Roster
Player Stats
League Standings
Hockey Operations
Front Office Staff
Phantoms History
Phantoms Record Book
Philadelphia Flyers
Schedule
Schedule
Results
Promotional Schedule
News
All News
Game Summaries
Transactions
Media
Listen Live!
Photos
PhantomsVision
Social Media
Phantoms Playlists
Phantoms365 App
Community
meLVin
meLVin’s Fun Zone!
Bully Busters Unite
G.O.A.L. Program
Altronics First Responder of the Game
Lehigh Valley Phantoms Hometown Hero
Phantoms Charities Presented by Air Products
Phantoms Charities Urban Greenway
Phantoms Charities Sled Hockey
Phantoms Charities 50/50
Partners
Founding Partners
Corporate Partners
Join Our Team
Phantoms Youth Hockey
Phan Club
ARENA INFO
PPL Center
Bag Policy
Allentown Parking Authority Info
Phan Shop
Search for:
Privacy Policy
Effective date: February 16, 2017
Phantoms Hockey, LLC, BDH Development, LLC and their affiliates, collectively, the “Phantoms Parties”, “us”, “our” and “we”) offer you the websites, www.pplcenter.com and www.phantomshockey.com, and as well as the Official Lehigh Valley Phantoms mobile application (Phantoms 365) and Phantoms Rewards mobile application (collectively, “Services”). This Privacy Policy applies to our Services as well as any other website or mobile application to which we may link this Privacy Policy. Please read the following description of our policies and practices regarding your personal information. By accessing or using our Sites, you agree that you (or your parent or legal guardian) have read, understand, and are bound by the terms and conditions set forth herein. IF YOU (OR YOUR PARENT OR LEGAL GUARDIAN) DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY PART OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE OR ACCESS THE SERVICES.
Collection
The Phantoms Parties and their agents and representatives collect personal information in a number of circumstances. When you use our Services, we may collect personal information from you such as and without limitation, your name, home address, e-mail address, date of birth, phone number, and credit card information. We may also collect information about your activity or preferences when using our Services, such as your favorite Lehigh Valley Phantoms player(s), purchase history, product use, viewing history, and search history. We collect this information in a variety of places, for example, when you access or use video highlights, video offerings, chat rooms and bulletin boards, and when you participate in other events, promotions and interactive online activities. We may collect this information with your consent or as permitted by law.
Use and Disclosure
We may use your personal information such as your name, home address and e-mail address to send marketing communications to you. We may use other personal information you provide, such as your email address, to send you particular communications that we believe will be of interest to you. We may also share your information amongst the Phantoms Parties for this same purpose. If you do not wish to receive marketing communications from us, you can choose not to participate in the particular offering that requests your personal information, or you can follow the opt out instructions contained in the marketing communications you receive from us. Please note that opting out of receiving one type of marketing communications will not opt you out of receiving all of our marketing communications. Further, even if you opt out of receiving all marketing communications, you may still continue to receive transactional or relationship-based messages.
We may also use your personal information such as your name, home address and e-mail address to send you offers from our marketing partners and other business partners, and we may share such personal information with certain of these partners so that they may send you offers directly, if you have opted to receive information from such partners.
If you have opted not to receive communications from us, we may share that information with third parties who send communications to you on our behalf to ensure that you do not receive those communications.
Personal information may be used or disclosed among the Phantoms Parties for internal audit, management, billing or administrative purposes.
We provide personal information to agents who perform services for us such as fulfilling, customizing, and delivering products and orders, sending postal mail and e-mail, performing data analytics, providing marketing assistance, performing credit checks and approvals, detecting fraudulent orders, processing credit card payments, collecting on delinquent accounts, and providing customer service. Our policy is to only provide your personal information to such agents for the purposes of providing their services to us.
We may also use aggregated, anonymous data and other forms of non-personal information collected to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, to analyze your usage and downloads, improve our content and product offerings, and generally to improve the Services and better tailor them to meet your needs.
Personal information may be used by the Phantoms Parties and disclosed to parties connected with the contemplated or actual financing, securitization, insuring, sale, assignment or other disposal of all or part of the Phantoms Parties or our activities or assets, including for the purpose of permitting such parties to determine whether to proceed or continue with such transaction and to fulfill reporting, inspection or audit requirements or obligations to such parties. In the event that all or part of the Phantoms Parties or our activities or assets is sold, assigned or otherwise disposed of, personal information we have collected will be used and disclosed by such parties for substantially the same purposes as described in this statement.
We also use and disclose your personal information for maintaining records for reasonable periods, and generally managing and administering our activities, meeting legal, regulatory, insurance, security and processing requirements, and otherwise with consent or as permitted or required by law.
The Phantoms Parties may also disclose personal information if we believe in good faith that the disclosure of information is necessary to prevent imminent physical harm or financial loss or fraud to you or us, prevent or report suspected illegal activity, protect anyone’s rights, property, or safety, or enforce our terms or any other agreement between us.
If you would like more information on our personal information sharing practices or the choices you have with regard to your data, please email info@phantomshockey.com.
Cookies and Web Technologies
From time to time, we may also collect information about your device and/or your activity on the Services using cookies and other web technologies. Our third party service providers and ad servers may use cookies and other web technologies as well. A cookie is a small text file that is stored on your computer or device by a website’s server. When you visit our Services, use cookies and other web technologies to record certain technical information about your device and Internet usage, such as your unique device identifier, your geolocation data (when using the Phantoms Rewards mobile application), IP address, browser type and version, operating system and platform, and domain name. If you submit personal information to Services, we may use cookies to keep track of such information so that you will not need to reenter this information during subsequent visits. We use cookies and other web technologies to enable features such contest administration and for other internal site administration purposes. In addition, our ad servers may use non-personal information about your visits to our Services to customize delivery of advertisements to you. Most Internet browsers allow you to modify your browser settings to reject or decline cookies. If you reject or decline cookies, however, please note that you may not be able to utilize all of our Services’ features and functions.
Web servers operated by us, and by third party service providers and advertisers, may automatically collect non-personal information about which pages you visit, as well as your IP address or domain name. We may use this information for various purposes, such as tailoring the content on our Services, targeting promotional messages, and assessing the amount of traffic to various parts of our Services. We may also provide this information on an aggregated, anonymous basis to our marketing partners and/or advertisers.
Consent
Consent may be given by your authorized representative (such as a legal guardian or a person having a power of attorney). When you voluntarily provide us with your personal information, we assume you consent to its collection, use and disclosure in accordance with this Privacy Policy and as described at the time of collection, subject to any uses and disclosures you have opted not to participate in. In some circumstances, we may expressly request your consent to the collection, use or disclosure of your personal information or provide you with an opportunity to opt out of certain uses or disclosures of your personal information. In some limited circumstances where permitted or required by law, we may collect, use or disclose your personal information without your consent, for example, to collect a debt that you owe to us, to comply with a court order or to comply with local or federal regulations or a legally permitted inquiry by a government agency. You may withdraw your consent to our collection, use and disclosure of personal information at any time, subject to contractual and legal restrictions and reasonable notice. Note that if you withdraw your consent to certain uses of your personal information, we may no longer be able to provide certain of our products or services.
Security
We have adopted reasonable security measures, appropriate to the sensitivity of the personal information, against unauthorized access, disclosure, loss or destruction of personal information. These measures may include reasonable technological, physical and organizational methods of security. However, no data over the Internet can ever be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Consequently, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of your information and you understand that any information that you transfer or transmit to us is done at your own risk.
Access, Correction, Contacting Us, Third Party Links
Our policy is to only provide your personal information to authorized employees and agents of the Phantoms Parties who need access to your personal information in the course of their duties. Upon written request and subject to some limited circumstances, you have the right to access your file and to challenge or request correction of any erroneous or out-of-date personal information about you that is in our possession or control. In some limited circumstances, we may not be able to grant you access to your information, for example, if doing so would threaten the security or privacy of another individual. If you wish to access your personal information in the possession/control of the Phantoms Parties or make corrections to it, please send an e-mail to info@phantomshockey.com.
If you have any comments, complaints or questions about our privacy or security practices or about your information that is in our possession/control, including its accuracy or integrity, or if you wish to change your preferences as to how we use the information, please send an e-mail to info@phantomshockey.com.
Please note that our Services contain links to websites and other mobile applications that are not operated by the Phantoms Parties. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such third party websites and mobile applications, and we recommend that you review the privacy policy posted on each website or mobile application that you use.
Your California Privacy Rights
California law allows California residents who have provided their personal information to us to request information about our disclosures of certain categories of personal information (if any) to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding year. If applicable, this information would include a list of the categories of personal information that was shared and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared such information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to info@phantomshockey.com.
In addition, under California law, operators of websites and online services are required to disclose how they respond to web browser “do not track” signals or other similar mechanisms that provide consumers the ability to exercise choice regarding the collection of personal information of a consumer over time and across third party websites, to the extent the operator engages in that collection. At this time, we do not track our users’ personal information over time and across third-party websites. This law also requires operators of websites and online services to disclose whether third parties may collect personal information about their users’ online activities over time and across different sites when the users use the operator’s website or service. We do not knowingly permit third parties to collect personal information about an individual user’s online activities over time and across different websites when using our Services.
Changes to Privacy Policy
The Phantoms Parties reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. If this Privacy Policy is modified, we will post the modified Privacy Policy and the Effective Date of the modification at the top of the Privacy Policy. Please review this Privacy Policy from time to time to ensure your familiarity with its terms. Your continued use of the Services constitutes your acceptance of the terms of this Privacy Policy, as amended from time to time.
Children’s Privacy Policy (users under 13 years old)
In general, we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 (“children”) via the Services. From time to time, we may offer children the opportunity to enter promotions or contests via the Services. In those cases, our collection of the children’s information will be limited for the purposes of administering the promotions or contests. Our policy is to only collect children’s information when we have verifiable parental consent or are otherwise permitted by law.
All questions about our policies related to children’s personal information and our personal information sharing practices should be directed to info@phantomshockey.com.
Miscellaneous
None of the American Hockey League and its other member clubs, nor any of their respective officers, directors, governors, owners, other officials, partners, partnerships, principals, employees, affiliates and other related entities, servants, agents, representatives, successors and assigns, have any control of, or responsibility or liability for, our use, disclosure, storage or transmission of any information collected through our Services.
You agree that any and all disputes, claims and causes of action arising out of or connected with our Services or the Privacy Policy be resolved individually without resort to any form of class action. You agree that you will not file a class action, or participate in a class action against us.
Latest News
Lehigh Valley Phantoms Blood Drive at PPL Center on November 17
WFMZ & Lehigh Valley Phantoms Virtual Coat Drive
Support Phantoms Charities When You Shop AmazonSmile
Phantoms Sign D Logan Day to a One-Year Deal
Enter meLVin’s Halloween Costume Contest!
Flyers Sign Alex Lyon to a One-Year Contract Extension
The Phantoms on Twitter
Tweets by @LVPhantoms
Chicago Web Design
Mar 21
7:05 pm
CLE LV
Mar 25
7:00 pm
LV HER
Mar 28
7:00 pm
LV CLE
Mar 29
3:00 pm
LV CLE
Apr 3
7:05 pm
PRO LV
Apr 4
7:05 pm
PRO LV
Apr 5
3:05 pm
LV WBS
Apr 8
7:05 pm
BNG LV
Apr 10
7:15 pm
LV HFD
Apr 11
7:05 pm
LV PRO