https://www.inquirer.com/about/terms_and_conditions/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy & Terms of Use
Terms and Conditions
Terms of Use
|
Terms that Apply to Digital and Print Subscription Packages
|
Privacy Policy | Commenting Policy
TERMS OF PURCHASE The Philadelphia Inquirer Terms of Purchase These Terms of Purchase apply to all digital products purchased from The Philadelphia Inquirer, LLC the publisher of The Philadelphia Inquirer, the Philadelphia Daily News, and inquirer.com or any of its affiliates (“The Inquirer”). Our Digital Products Thank you for your interest in The Inquirer. The Inquirer’s digital products include all our digital products, including but not limited to online products, digital subscriptions and apps. No purchase is required for you to use Inquirer.com, but your access to our site will be limited unless you have a subscription. Your use of our Inquirer.com constitutes your agreement to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. If you comment or contribute to any of our products, our Commenting Policy also applies. Digital Products do not include any digital products offered for sale by third parties, including but not limited to electronic or digital versions of The Philadelphia Inquirer, the Philadelphia Daily News, an edition of The Philadelphia Inquirer, content published on Inquirer.com, or any of our past publications or and/or archives of our current and past publications offered for sale by third parties. Digital Product Offers and Your Inquirer Account You can find a description of our current digital and other subscription offers here. For information about your account, including the products that are currently included in your subscription, your billing cycle and other information, please go to My Account. PMN reserves the right to change or discontinue any of its digital product offerings, the content offerings contained in those products, the way its product offerings are combined or separated and these Terms of Purchase at any time. Your Purchase: Pricing and Billing By agreeing to purchase any digital product from The Inquirer, you agree to pay the price stated in your subscription order, plus any applicable fees and taxes, and acknowledge that the price of those products may change over time due to changes in our pricing and subscription changes selected by you. We reserve the right to change the price of our subscription offerings at any time. If the price of your subscription changes, we will notify you in advance of charging the new price, so you can accept that price or change or cancel your subscription before incurring charges for your subscription at the new price. Unless otherwise stated in your subscription order, your subscription will automatically renew for terms equal to the initial term of your subscription at the rate that applies to your subscription on the renewal date. We will continue to bill you at the then-applicable rate according to the billing cycle applicable to your subscription order. Unless your subscription order provided otherwise, or you change or cancel your subscription at any time. By agreeing to purchase your subscription, you agree to pay for your subscription, as it renews at the applicable rate, unless you modify or cancel your subscription. You also agree to the billing frequency stated on your subscription order.
From time to time, The Inquirer offers promotional deals and other discounts for new subscribers only. Restrictions may apply to those offers. These terms set forth in the offer shall apply to such offers, however, once the term of the promotional offer expires, these terms shall apply to the applicable subscription. Terms that Apply to Digital and Print Subscription Packages If your subscription includes home delivery of print our print subscription terms also apply to your print subscription. When you order subscription for home delivery, you will be charged an activation fee, which is described in your subscription offer. If your newspaper is delivered outside our regular home delivery area, certain additional delivery charges may also apply, which will be described in your subscription offer or communicated to you by our customer Service team in response to your subscription order. By agreeing to purchase your subscription, you agree to pay any applicable activation fee described in your subscription offer and, if applicable, any additional delivery charges communicated to you in advance of the billing of those charges in accordance with the terms of your subscription offer and these Terms of Purchase. Effective 06/01/2020; for subscribers who renew by mail, a $5.00 paper bill processing & postal charge will apply to each billing cycle. If your subscription includes print editions of The Philadelphia Inquirer and/or the Philadelphia Daily News, an edition of The Philadelphia Inquirer, delivered to your home, you will also periodically receive premium print editions throughout the year, which replace the regular editions on the date of publication and are charged at the applicable Sunday rate, unless you opt-out of receiving those editions by calling Customer Service, which is available weekdays from 6:30 am to 3:00 pm and weekends from 7:30 am to 12:00 pm at 215.222.2765. If your subscription includes a weekend or Sunday print home delivery edition, you will also receive certain bonus editions, which will be charged at the applicable daily rate, unless you opt-out of receiving those editions by calling Customer Service, which is available weekdays from 6:30 am to 3:00 pm and weekends from 7:30 am to 12:00 pm at 215.222.2765. The additional charges for bonus and/or premium editions will be reflected in your account and will accelerate the expiration date of the current term of your subscription. In other words, the delivery of bonus and premium editions will shorten the term of your subscription. You may opt-out of bonus and/or premium editions, by calling our Customer Service Department at 215-222-2765, seven days a week, weekdays from 6:30 am to 3:00 pm and weekends from 7:30 am to 12:00 pm. We reserve the right to include additional products that may be of interest to you with any of your subscriptions, and will notify you in advance if such products increase your subscription rate or accelerate the expiration of your subscription, and give the opportunity to opt-out of such products before they are provided to you or you are billed for them. For more information about your home delivery products, please go to https://myaccount.inquirer.com. Changes and Cancellations Unless stated otherwise in your subscription offer, you have the right to change or cancel your subscription at any time by calling our Customer Service Department at: 215.222.2765. Our Customer Service representatives are available seven days a week, weekdays from 6:30 am to 3:00 pm and weekends from 7:30 am to 12:00 pm. Your cancellation will be effective at the end of the billing cycle in effect at the time you cancel. Cancellations communicated by e-mail, or through commenting on our site, are not valid and will not result in the cancellation of your subscription. These purchase terms do not entitle you to any credit or refund. If you change your subscription, any credit balance that you have as of the date of the change will be applied to your new subscription. We reserve the right to change or cancel your subscription at any time. If any of our digital products become unavailable for any reason, you will not be entitled to a refund. Decisions regarding credits and refunds will be subject to our sole and absolute discretion. Payments We accept online payments of Visa, MasterCard, Discover and American Express. We will process your payment and start your subscription as promptly as possible. Once you agree to purchase a subscription, we will charge you at the applicable rate and at the applicable billing frequency unless you change or cancel your subscription. We will use the payment method that you used to purchase your subscription for payment of the renewal of your subscription. You can view the status of your account anytime by going to My Account. For purposes of keeping your payment card data up to date and payment processing, we may share your payment card information and related personal information about you with certain third parties that provide payment card processing services. If any of your payments are declined, we reserve the right to cancel your subscription. If you believe that we have cancelled your subscription in error, or wish to reinstate your subscription, please call our Customer Service Department at: 215.222.2765. Our Customer Service representatives are available seven days a week, weekdays from 6:30 am to 3:00 pm and weekends from 7:30 am to 12:00 pm. If your credit card payment is denied, you remain responsible for your subscription charges until you cancel your subscription. We reserve the right to reject any order or payment at any time. Related Third Party Products and Services
The use of our digital Products, such as our apps, may result in charges from certain third parties. We are not responsible for those charges. We Appreciate Your Business We thank you for your interest in The Philadelphia Inquirer. Please do not hesitate to call our Customer Service Department at: 215.222.2765. Our Customer Service representatives are available seven days a week, weekdays from 6:30 am to 3:00 pm and weekends from 7:30 am to 12:00 pm.   TERMS OF USE  The Philadelphia Inquirer Terms of Use 1. Terms of Use. These Terms of Use govern your use of any digital product(s) offered by The Philadelphia Inquirer, LLC or any of its affiliates (“The Inquirer”). Those digital products include web sites, apps, replica editions and other digital products sold by The Inquirer (collectively, the “Products”). These terms constitute a legally binding contract between The Inquirer and you. If you do not agree to these terms of use, do not use the Digital Products. By using the Products, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy (See Below). You must be at least thirteen (13) years of age to use our Products. 2. Changes to Terms of Use and Other Terms. We reserve the right to change these Terms of Use at any time. Your use of our Products, or any of them, serves as your agreement to these Terms of Use, as they may be modified from time to time. 3. Purchases. Unlimited access to certain of our Products is available by purchase only. If you purchase any of our Products, that purchase is governed by our Terms of Purchase (See Above). 4. Access and Activation. To use our Products, you may need to register and/or activate your access. Click here to register. Click here to activate your access. Your subscription may provide you with the right to share your subscription with other members of your household. The use by anyone other than those authorized to use your subscription, as stated in your Subscription offer and our Terms of Purchase is strictly prohibited. 5. Registration. When you register for any of our Products, you submit certain information to us about you, and will create login credentials for the Product(s) you have agreed to purchase and/or use. You represent and warrant that the information you provide is accurate and you agree to update that information to maintain its accuracy. 6. Activity on Your Account. You are responsible for all usage and activity on your account, and which arises from the use of your registration credentials. Your account cannot be transferred to others. 7. Privacy. By using our Products, you also agree to our Privacy Policy, as it may be modified from time to time, in our sole and absolute discretion (See Below). 8. Permitted Uses. Your use of the Products, or any of them, is for your personal use. Any commercial use of any Product, or any content or other material published in any Product, is prohibited, except with the prior written consent of The Inquirer. You agree to use the Products, or any of them, in compliance will all applicable laws, orders and regulations, these Terms of Use and other applicable terms and conditions. 9. Our Intellectual Property Rights. a. The Products are the copyrighted works of The Inquirer and/or its affiliates., as compilations and/or collective works. The material published through the works are the copyrighted works of The Inquirer or its third-party licensors. As between The Inquirer and you, The Inquirer owns all rights in and to the Products, and all intellectual property included in the Products, including, but not limited to, compilations of materials published in or through the Products. The works of individual and creative expression and all other materials protected by intellectual property, including but not limited to. all articles, photographs, audio recordings, videotapes, and all other works of creative expression published on or through the Products (except any material contributed by you) rights are owned by The Inquirer and/or its licensors. b. You may not copy, use, re-publish, distribute, transmit or exploit, in whole or in part, any material published by or through the Products, or any intellectual property that is part of any Product, through any means or media, whether now in existence or created hereinafter, at anytime, anywhere in the world at any time, except as specifically authorized by The Inquirer in writing, except that you may make one machine-readable or print copy of materials of particular interest to you for your own individual and personal use. c. You may not collect any content, data or other intellectual property from our Products or enter such works into any database or process such materials through any means, including without limitation, digitizing such materials, except that you may make one machine-readable or print copy of materials of particular interest to you for your own individual and personal use d. All trademarks, trade names, service marks, trade dress, logos, product names, and the design of our Products (the “Marks”) are the property of The Inquirer or its licensors and are subject to U.S. intellectual property laws, including but not limited to trademark rights, which exist even if such Marks do not appear with symbols that designate them as subject to intellectual property rights. Any use of such Marks without the written permission of The Inquirer in advance of such use is prohibited. e. If you would like to seek permission to use any material published on our site, or any other intellectual property owned by The Inquirer, please contact reprints@inquirer.com. 10. Submissions and Comments. Our products provide you with the opportunity to express your views through various means, and to submit your own works of personal expression in various forms for possible publication through our Products. Certain of our Products may provide you with the ability to post content and communicate with others. By engaging in any of those activities, you represent and warrant that such material is your original work, that it does not infringe upon the intellectual property right or privacy rights of any third party, and that it does not violate any applicable law, including the laws of libel, slander and obscenity. You further represent and warrant that such contributions will comply with our Commenting Guidelines.  The Inquirer has the right to reject any contribution made by you, to remove any or all contributions made by you, and to prohibit you from making contributions, in its sole and absolute discretion. license to use, In submitting materials for publication in any of our Products and/or contributing those materials, you grant The Inquirer an irrevocable,  fully-paid, royalty-fee, worldwide, exclusive perpetual license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, incorporate into other works, distribute, perform, display, and otherwise exploit such materials, in whole or in part in any form, media or technology now known or later developed, through any means and media, whether now known or created hereinafter, for editorial, marketing, promotional and other purposes. You further agree that The Inquirer shall have the right to sub-license such rights, without limitation or any further permission from you. 11. Limits on Your Conduct and Prohibited Uses. a. You are prohibited from using our Products in any way that violates applicable laws, or the rights of any third party. You are also prohibited from doing anything that would adversely impact our Products or systems, or their operation, that would have an adverse impact upon any third party. This includes, among other things, introducing any virus (including but not limited to any worm), “Trojan Horse”, or any other action that could alter or change any of our Products, or their operation. Similarly, you may not take any action when using our Products, or any of them that would adversely impact any third party. b. You are also prohibited from : (i) using our Products in any manner that results in the infringement of The Inquirer’s intellectual property rights, or the intellectual property rights of any of The Inquirer’s licensors, (ii) attempting to access and/or accessing, any aspect of our Products that are not available to users of our Products, to use the name, user name or other identifier of any third party for purposes of making submissions, commenting, or otherwise contributing to any of our Products, (iii) violating our commenting guidelines in effect at the time of you submit your comment(s); (iv) take steps to by-pass any restrictions s imposed on your access to our Products, or any of them. (v) use any material from our site except as specifically authorized in these Terms of Use, or as otherwise agreed in writing by The Inquirer in advance of any such use; (vi) engaging in any activity aimed as reverse engineering of any of our Products; (vii) engaging in any activity that could negatively impact the security of any of our Products or systems; (viii) engaging in any activity that could adversely impact the use of any of our Products by any third party. c. You are also specifically prohibited from gathering, collecting, transmitting and/or using any materials, data or information from any of our Products for any purpose whatsoever, except as otherwise provided in these Terms of Use, without our express written permission, provided in advance. This prohibition applies to, among other things, scraping any of our Products, using cookies and/or any device, tool or software that “spiders” or “crawls” or otherwise navigates any of our products to gather data, other material and/or other information, including but not limited to data about our users and advertising served on our Products. This prohibition also applies to, among other things, the distribution, dissemination, offering for sale and/or sale of any of our material that is subject to our intellectual property rights, and/or the intellectual property rights of our licensors, and to the gathering, collection, transmission of any materials, data or information from our Product(s), or any of them into any compilation, anthology, database, archive or any other means of collection and/or storage for any purpose whatsoever. The prohibitions above do not apply to the use of search engines and third-party web browsers that are currently available to the general public on the internet. 12. Changes to Our Products and Pricing. We reserve the right to change our pricing, modify our product offers, change our product combinations, and to change any of our terms, including our Terms of Purchase, these Terms of Use, our Privacy Policy and Print Subscription Terms at any time. We also reserve the right to combine, cancel and/or discontinue any of our Products at any time. Our prices are net of any applicable taxes, and you agree to pay such taxes, as billed. 13. Links to Third-Party Websites. Our Products include links to certain third party web sites. We do not control those sites and are not responsible for any aspect of any such site or any activity or commerce that occurs on those sites. 14. Digital Millennium Copyright Act Notice. As a publisher of news and information, The Inquirer is a publisher of copyrighted information. We expect you, and all third parties, to respect our rights in our copyrighted material. We also seek to respect the intellectual property rights of third parties. In the event that you discover any material published in any of our Products that you believe violated the copyright of any third party, please notify us in writing, by mail, at the following address: The Philadelphia Inquirer, 801 Market Street, Suite 300, Philadelphia, PA 19107 Attn:  Legal Department.  In order for us to investigate your discovery, that written notice must include all of the following information: (i) •An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the exclusive right that is allegedly infringed; (ii) a description of the copyrighted work or a  list of the works claimed to have been infringed, with sufficient detail to allow us to identify and locate the allegedly infringing material; (iii) your name, address, telephone number, and email address,; (iv) a statement that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and (v) a sworn statement made by you, under penalty of perjury, communicating that the information that you have provided to us is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf. 15. Disclaimer. a. THE INQUIRER IS PROVIDING ITS PRODUCTS “AS IS”, AND YOUR USE OF THOSE PRODUCTS CONSTITUTES ACCEPTANCE OF THOSE PRODUCTS “AS-IS”.” WE MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES REGARDING THE AVAILABILITY OF THE SERVICES OR THAT THEIR OPERATION WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE. THE INQUIRER, ON BEHALD OF ITSELF AND ITS AFFILATED COMPANIES, DISCLAIMS ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY AND ALL PRODUCTS, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY LIABILITY FOR THE CONTENT PUBLISHED ON OR THROUGH SUCH PRODUCTS, THE AVAILABILITY OF THE PRODUCTS, AND THE ACCURACY OF MATERIAL AVAILABILE THROUGH THE PRODUCTS. IF YOU RELY ON ANY PRODUCTS AND ANY MATERIALS MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THE PRODUCTS, YOU DO SO SOLELY AT YOUR OWN RISK WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, THE INQUIRER DISCLAIMS TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW ANY AND ALL (A) WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, (B) WARRANTIES AGAINST INFRINGEMENT OF ANY THIRD-PARTY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY OR PROPRIETARY RIGHTS, (C) WARRANTIES RELATING TO THE AVAILABILITY OF THE PRODUCTS, OR ANY OF THEM,  (D) WARRANTIES RELATING TO THE ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, CORRECTNESS, TIMELINESS OR COMPLETENESS OF DATA MADE AVAILABLE ON THE SERVICES OR OTHERWISE BY THE INQUIRER, AND WARRANTIES OTHERWISE RELATING TO PERFORMANCE, NONPERFORMANCE, OR OTHER ACTS OR OMISSIONS BY THE INQUIRER OR ANY THIRD PARTY. THE INQUIRER MAKES NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED (A) THAT THE INFORMATION PROVIDED THROUGH THE SERVICES WILL BE FREE FROM ERROR, OMISSION, INTERRUPTION, DEFECT, OR DELAY IN OPERATION, OR FROM TECHNICAL INACCURACIES OR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS, (B) THAT THE SERVICES WILL BE AVAILABLE AT ANY PARTICULAR TIME OR LOCATION (C) THAT DEFECTS OR ERRORS IN THE SERVICES WILL BE CORRECTED, OR (D) THAT THE CONTENT ON THE SERVICES ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. ANY INFORMATION AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SERVICES IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE WITHOUT NOTICE, AND THE INQUIRER DISCLAIMS ALL RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE SERVICES, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT ALLOWED BY APPLICABLE LAW. WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO CORRECT ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY PRODUCT(S). 16. Limitation of Liability IN NO EVENT WILL THE INQUIRER OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATED ENTITIES OR ANY PARTY INVOLVED IN CREATING, PRODUCING, OR DELIVERING THE PRODUCT(S) BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE, OF ANY OF OUR PRODUCTS, YOUR INABILITY TO ACCESS SUCH PRODUCTS, ERRORS IN OUR PRODUCTS< DELAYS IN THE AVAILABILITY OF OUR PRODUCTS OR THE UNAVAILABILITY OF ANY PRODUCT(S) FOR ANY DURATION OF TIM AT ANY TIME FOR ANY REAON OR NO REASON AT ALL. 17. Indemnification. You agree to indemnify, defend  and hold harmless The Inquirer and its parent, subsidiaries, and affiliates, and their owners, directors, officers, managers, employees, shareholders, agents, and licensors, from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, resulting from any violation of these Terms of Use, The Inquirer’s Privacy Policy, and if applicable, our Terms of Purchase, any other applicable terms, or any failure by you to fulfill your obligations under or any breach of any of those terms or policies by you. 18. Violations of our Terms. If you violate any of these terms, we reserve the right to fully enforce all our rights under applicable laws. We reserve the right to cooperate with law enforcement authorities in their efforts to enforce applicable laws.
19. Termination. We reserve the right to terminate your use of any of our Products immediately and without notice to you in our sole and absolute discretion, at any time. 20. Governing Law. These Terms of Use, together with our Terms of Purchase, Privacy Policy and all other terms and guidelines published on our Products are governed by the laws of the United States of America, and the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Your use of the Products, or any of them, constitutes a waiver by you of any claims that might otherwise arise under the laws of any other states, nations, or jurisdictions.   Inquirer.com Commenting and Contribution Rules We welcome your comments and contributions to Inquirer.com! Certain areas of Inquirer.com provide you with opportunities to comment on stories that we publish. Other areas of Inquirer.com while other areas of Inquirer.com seek submissions of content from you. Your comments and contributions are an important aspect of social discourse and we encourage you to participate in theses aspects of our site. Of course, all discourse and contributions should be civil and respectful, and with that in mind, we have developed rules that apply to all comments and contributions to our site by our users, which are below. Certain areas of Inquirer.com have specific guidelines that also apply to comments and/or contributions. In those cases, those guidelines supplement and modify these rules. In the event of any conflict between those guidelines and these rules, these rules take precedence. When you comment on material published on Inquirer.com or contribute content of any kind, including comments, articles, photos, videos or audio recordings, you agree to follow the rules below: 1. Submissions. You agree to be responsible for the comments and content you submit and to only submit your original work, and the work of third parties that you have the right to use. To the extent that the publication of any submission requires permission from a third party, such as a photographer who created a photo, individuals who appear in a photo, the parents of a minor in any photo or video, the owner of a trademark, or the author of material contained in any submission, you represent that you have obtained that consent. If you submit any material that is the work of a third party, you represent and warrant that you have the right to use that work, and you agree to submit it with proper accreditation to the author and/or rights owner. 2. Appropriate Content. All submissions must be appropriate and truthful, and must not infringe upon any intellectual property or privacy rights, or violate any other applicable law. Any submission that is libelous, constitutes slander or profanity, an invasion of privacy, or that violates any other law is not appropriate. 3. Grant of Publication Rights. In submitting comments and content to us, you grant to us the right to use such comments and material in all of our print and Digital Products, including but not limited to The Philadelphia Inquirer and the Philadelphia Daily News and Inquirer.com You also grant The Philadelphia Inquirer the right to provide third parties with the right to publish that content and those comments, as such submissions first appeared on Inquirer.com or any other site that preceded it as the official web site of The Philadelphia Inquirer and/or the Philadelphia Daily News alone and/or in combination in archives, and content collections, through any means or media whether now in existence of created hereinafter, including in print, online, in microfilm, CD-roms, in any other format, and through means and media whether in existence now or developed in the future, without obtaining any further permission from you. You agree that the opportunity to have your comments and/or content published by or through our Products is adequate compensation for the grant of those rights and for all other consideration that you agree to provide under these rules and/or any other of our commenting guidelines. 4. Right to Remove Submissions and to Withdraw Commenting and/or Contribution Privileges. We have the right to remove comments and content submissions, in our sole and absolute discretion without providing you with notice. Similarly, if you submit a comment or any content that violates these rules, or any other terms, policies or guidelines published by The Philadelphia Inquirer, including but not limited to specific guidelines that apply to the applicable submission, our Terms of Use, Digital Terms of Purchase, and/or Privacy Policy, we have the right to prevent the publication of further comments and/or content by you, in our sole and absolute discretion. This right applies to all users of Inquirer.com, our other Digital Products. 5. Age Requirement. If you are under the age of 18, you may not submit comments or content to Philly.com. You may not use our Digital Products if you are under the age of 13. 6. Acknowledgement. You acknowledge that The Philadelphia Inquirer is not responsible for any user comments or submissions. As such, we cannot vouch for the truthfulness or legality of such submissions, and disclaims responsibility for them. 7. Responsibility for Content. By submitting comments or submissions, you agree to be responsible for it. Accordingly, you agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless The Philadelphia Inquirer, together with its affiliates from and against any and all claims brought against any or all of them by any third party as a result of any submission of any content or comment submitted by you. 8. Other Terms. You acknowledge that you have read and agreed to our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and if applicable, Digital Terms of Purchase, Print Terms of Purchase and Commenting Guidelines and agree to be bound by them.   Back to top