https://www.dragsterworld.com/privacy/
Privacy |
menu
Home
Health
Brand Awareness
Communication
Privacy
Terms
About DG
Contact DG
Privacy
Privacy:DG World Media Network ("DG World Media Network") operates https://www.dragsterworld.com and may operate other websites. It is DG World Media Network's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, DG World Media Network collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. DG World Media Network's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how DG World Media Network's visitors use its website. From time to time, DG World Media Network may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
DG World Media Network also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on https://www.dragsterworld.com blogs/sites. DG World Media Network only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to DG World Media Network's websites choose to interact with DG World Media Network in ways that require DG World Media Network to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that DG World Media Network gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up
at https://www.dragsterworld.com to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with DG World Media Network are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, DG World Media Network collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with DG World Media Network. DG World Media Network does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
DG World Media Network may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. DG World Media Network may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, DG World Media Network does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
DG World Media Network discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on DG World Media Network's behalf or to provide services available at DG World Media Network's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using DG World Media Network's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. DG World Media Network will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, DG World Media Network discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when DG World Media Network believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of DG World Media Network, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an DG World Media Network website and have supplied your email address, DG World Media Network may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with DG World Media Network and our products.
If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. DG World Media Network takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. DG World Media Network uses cookies to help DG World Media Network identify and track visitors, their usage of DG World Media Network website, and their website access preferences. DG World Media Network visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using DG World Media Network's websites, with the drawback that certain features of DG World Media Network's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If DG World Media Network, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that DG World Media Network goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of DG World Media Network may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by DG World Media Network and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, DG World Media Network may change its Privacy from time to time, and in DG World Media Network's sole discretion. DG World Media Network encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy. If you have a https://www.dragsterworld.com account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
page top
Follow Us
Friend me on Facebook
Recent Posts
A Brief Guide to Cannabis Smoking Accessories
Reasons Why You Should Consider Using a Spinning Reel
How to Pass a Synthetic Urine Test
Guide to Grooming Your Cat
Why Buying a Forklift Is a Better Option
Tips for Building a Knowledge-Based Business
Three Financial Strategies to Secure Your Retirement
Facebook
Pages
About DG
Artichoke Lamp
Brand Awareness
Contact DG
Privacy
Terms
Water Sports
Categories
Archery
Business
Communication
Construction
Dining
E-Commerce
Equipment
Fashion
Finance
Food
Health
Home
Home fittings
Home improvement
Internet marketing
Locksmith
Medical Tests
Pet Training
Pets
Real Estate
Recreation
Retirement
SEO
Service
Services
Sports
Technology
Uncategorized
TagsAir Compressor
Allergic reactions
Allergies
Allergy types
anti aging
archery
arrow
Business
Business communication
cat
Communication secrets
compound bow
dinner
doctor
dog
E-Commerce
Effective communication
electronic cigarettes
Email
Equipment
Financing
Food
health
hormone
internet marketing
Italian
joints
Loans
locksmith
Machines
padlocks
potty
Restaurants
SEO
SEO company
SEO in 2016
SEO marketing
seo specialist
Service
smoking
Social media
therapy
Tools
training
vaping
Home
Health
Brand Awareness
Communication
Privacy
Terms
About DG
Contact DG