https://www.usta.com/en/home/about-usta/who-we-are/national/usta-privacy-policy.html
×
YOU ARE ELIGIBLE FOR A SENIOR MEMBERSHIP. WOULD YOU LIKE TO SWITCH PRODUCTS?
Yes
No
×
THIS PRODUCT IS ONLY AVAILABLE TO INDIVIDUALS UNDER 19. MAY WE RECOMMEND OUR ADULT MEMBERSHIP
YES, PURCHASE ADULT MEMBERSHIP
×
YOU ALREADY HAVE A PRODUCT IN YOUR CART
Please purchase or remove the membership in your cart.
HOME
Close
HOME
Close
×
SHARE WITH YOUR FRIEND
or copy this link
Link
×
Whoops, something went wrong.
Please try logging back in or call customer support at 1-800-990-8782 for assistance.
Profile update
Please update your profile
UPDATE
About To Expire
Expired
Your Safe Play Approval Expires in ${daysToExpire} days!
RENEW NOW
Your Safe Play Approval has expired!
RENEW NOW
About To Expire
Expired
Your Admin status expires in $(daysToExpire) days!
REACTIVATE
Your Organization Admin is expired!
REACTIVATE
About To Expire
Expired
Your Membership Expires in ${daysToExpire} days!
RENEW NOW
Your Membership has expired!
RENEW NOW
Please complete your account creation
COMPLETE
USTA SITES
TENNISLINK
NET GENERATION
NATIONAL CAMPUS
NATIONAL TENNIS CENTER
PLAYER DEVELOPMENT
USTA FOUNDATION
USTA SECTIONS
VIEW MAP
CARIBBEAN
EASTERN
FLORIDA
HAWAII PACIFIC
INTERMOUNTAIN
MID-ATLANTIC
MIDDLE STATES
MIDWEST
MISSOURI VALLEY
NEW ENGLAND
NORTHERN
NORTHERN CALIFORNIA
PACIFIC NORTHWEST
SOUTHERN
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA
SOUTHWEST
TEXAS
You're in SECTION / DISTRICT
City Name, CT
Change Location
Share your location for a more tailored experience.
Español
0
BACK
JOIN
EMPTY
RENEW
UPGRADE
JOIN
RENEW
UPGRADE
LOG IN
{{item.accountMenuItemTitle}}
LOG OUT
0
Home
/
About Us
/
USTA Privacy Policy
This is the membership endpoints html.
PB Error Codes
getcategories
getproducts
accesstoken
catalogId
catalogVersionId
categoryId
viewCart
deleteCart
addToCart
retrieveMembersDetails
getMemberInfo
unlinkMember
submitNewMemberInfo
updateCustomerDetails
traditionalUpdateCustomerDetails
paymentDetails
createOrganization
addFacility
addVoucher
removeVoucher
validateAddress
setDefaultPayment
getOrganization
orders
organizationSuggestion
facilitySuggestion
deleteCard
signInByUaid
recoveryEmail
customerEmailUpdate
traditionalLogin
signInByProfile
updateSignInProfile
addCard
addEcheck
removeEcheck
setDefaultPaymentInfo
membershipUnlink
unsubscribe
editFacility
unlinkFacility
editOrganization
duplicateCustomerValidation
getSection
refreshToken
Email
Print
Share
National
USTA
PRIVACY POLICY
ADVERTISEMENT
Welcome
Welcome to www.usta.com. This site (the “Site”) is owned by United States Tennis Association Incorporated (the "USTA") and is operated by and on behalf of the USTA and its affiliated companies, including USTA National Tennis Center Incorporated, USTA Foundation Incorporated, USTA Player Development Incorporated and US Open Series LLC (collectively, the “USTA Family of Companies,” “we” “us” or “our”).
Please note that this Privacy Policy, except for the portions of this Privacy Policy describing the collection of information through this Site, does not cover the privacy practices of USTA sections or districts, which operate independently.  USTA sections and districts may collect, use and share your personal information in different ways from those described in this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy is designed to tell you about our practices regarding collection, use and disclosure of information that we may collect from and about you.  Please be sure to read this entire Privacy Policy before using or submitting information to this Site.
ADVERTISEMENT
Your Consent
By using this Site, you agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy. Whenever you visit this Site, you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy, the Terms of Use and any specific provisions of this Site that may be presented at the time information is collected.
About Children
The Site is a general audience site. We do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of thirteen on the Site. If in the future, we collect personally identifiable information from children, we will do so in compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (15 U.S.C. 6501 et seq.). The Internet offers children wonderful educational and entertainment resources. Your guidance and involvement are essential to help ensure that children have a safe and rewarding online experience. We encourage you to visit the Direct Marketing Association’s Web site (www.the-dma.org) and explore the Get CyberSavvy! Program as well as the GetNetWise Web site (www.getnetwise.org) to learn more about parental control tools
Active Information Collection
Like many Web sites, this Site actively collects information from its visitors both by asking them specific questions and by permitting them to communicate directly with us via e-mail, feedback forms, social media and so forth. Some of the information that you submit may be personally identifiable information (that is, information that can be uniquely identified with you, such as your full name, address, e-mail address, phone number and so on).
Some areas of this Site may require you to submit information in order for you to benefit from the specified features (such as newsletter subscriptions, tips/pointers, order processing and so forth) or to participate in a particular activity (such as sweepstakes or other promotions and so forth). You will be informed at each information collection point what information is required and what information is optional.
Passive Information Collection
As you navigate through this Site and/or receive emails in connection with this Site, certain information may be passively collected (that is, gathered without your actively providing the information) using various technologies and means, including, without limitation, those described below:
Cookies
As with many Websites, the Site uses standard technology called “cookies,” which are small data files that are transferred to your computer when you allow your browser to accept cookies. Cookies automatically identify your Web browser to the Site whenever you visit the Site, and make using the Site easier for you by saving your passwords, purchases, and preferences. By tracking how and when you use the Site, cookies help us determine which areas are popular and which are not. Many improvements and updates to the Site are based on data obtained from cookies.
Accepting cookies allows you, among other things, to personalize your experience on the Site. Cookies may also allow the Site to present to you advertising which may be of interest to you. If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, you generally can opt out of providing this information by turning the cookies off in your browser; however, some areas of the Site may not provide you with a personalized experience if you have disabled the use of cookies.
Flash Cookies
Flash Cookies (also called Local Shared Objects or "LSOs") are similar to cookies, except that they can store more complex data. They are used to provide greater website functionality and to remember your settings, preferences and usage, and other similar services.  Flash cookies operate differently than regular browser cookies, and cannot be removed or blocked via regular web browser settings. To learn more about how to manage flash cookies, you can visit the Adobe website and follow the directions provided by Adobe with respect to the Flash Settings Manager and make changes as directed therein. For information on managing Flash cookies see https://helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/disable-local-shared-objects-flash.html.  Please note that setting the Flash Player to restrict or limit acceptance of Flash LSOs may reduce or impede the functionality of some Flash applications.
HTML 5
HTML5 is the language some Web sites are coded in and may be used to store information on your computer or device about your Service usage activities. This information may be retrieved by us to help us manage our Services, such as by giving us information about how our Services are being used by our visitors, how they can be improved, and to customize them for our users. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5.
IP Addresses and Automatic Information
We may collect IP addresses and/or automatic information for purposes of system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers and sponsors. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you access the Internet. Our computers identify your computer by its IP address. When you request Web pages from the Site, our computers log your IP address.
Automatic information is information collected by our computers when you request Web pages from the Site. Automatic information may include such information as the page served, the time, the source of the request, the type of browser making the request, the preceding page view and other such information. When analyzed, this data helps us analyze how visitors arrive at the Site, what type of content is most popular, what type of visitors in the aggregate are interested in particular kinds of content and advertising, and the like.
Registration Data
In order to access some of the services, applications or sweepstakes offered by the USTA, you may be required to register and/or provide personal information, such as name, email, telephone number and birthdate (“Registration Data”).  Although information may be required to participate in certain activities or promotions, participants provide that information voluntarily. The USTA adheres to strict data management protocols. Those protocols vary based on the category of participation with USTA.
By registering, you agree to: (i) provide true, accurate and complete information about yourself as prompted by the registration form; and (ii) maintain and promptly update the Registration Data to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. You acknowledge and agree the USTA shall have no liability associated with or arising from your failure to maintain accurate Registration Data, including, but not limited to, your failure to receive critical information about the site or any mobile service or your account. You further agree the USTA is authorized to verify such Registration Data through its own records as well as those of third parties. The information we obtain through your use of this site, mobile site or any USTA or US Open app is subject to our Privacy Policy. Every subsequent USTA email mass communication will carry a simple opt-out or unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email. Any suspected abuse of your Registration Data should be reported to the USTA.
You acknowledge and agree that USTA, in management of certain sweepstakes, promotions, or programs may share your information with USTA sections and districts, affiliated businesses, sweepstakes partners or US Open Sponsors (collectively, “Permitted Third Parties”). Your registration constitutes permission for the USTA and Permitted Third Parties to contact you for promotional and/or marketing purposes. Your relationship with each Permitted Third Party is independent of the USTA and subject to that Permitted Third Party’s terms of use and/or privacy policy. By registering, you acknowledge and agree that USTA does not and cannot control the actions of any Permitted Third Party, and you further agree to release and hold harmless USTA from any and all liability, injury, loss or damage of any kind that may arise from or out of your interaction with such Permitted Third Party.
Information From Other Sources
From time to time we, and/or our operational partners may receive information about you from other sources and add it to the data previously collected about you.
Use and Disclosure of Information
Except as otherwise stated, the USTA Family of Companies may use information you provide to improve the content of our Site, to customize the display of the Site to your preferences, to communicate information to you, for our marketing and research purposes, and for the purposes specified in this Privacy Policy.
If you provide personally identifiable information to this Site, we may combine such information with other actively collected information unless specified otherwise at the point of collection on this Site. We may also combine personally identifiable information with passively collected information.
We may disclose your personally identifiable information as well as passively collected information to third parties located in the United States and/or any other country:
i. to our affiliates;
ii. to our sponsors;
iii. to other tennis related organizations (including USTA sections and districts);
iv. to select companies or organizations which we believe may offer products, services, materials or information of interest to visitors to this Site;
v. to third parties we use to support our business (including fulfillment services, technical support, delivery services, chat service providers, email service providers, forum service providers, advertisement sales and management services and financial institutions);
vi. in connection with the sale, assignment or other transfer of the business of this Site to which the information relates; or
vii. where required by applicable laws, court orders or government regulations.
In addition, we will make full use of all information acquired through this Site that is not in personally identifiable form.
Third-Party Ad Serving & Audience and Traffic Measurement Services
This Site may use third party network advertisers to serve the advertisements you see. Network advertisers are third parties that display advertisements based on your visits to this Site and other Web sites you have visited. Third-party ad serving enables us to target advertisements to you for products or Web sites you might be interested in. In addition, we may share this information with our sponsors to allow our sponsors and their network advertisers to serve ads based on your interests to you.
This site is in compliance with the Ad Choices Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising. The goal of Ad Choices is to provide you with information about how online advertising works and the choices you have.
You may visit the http://www.aboutads.info/choices page to learn more about online behavioral advertising and to see your opt-out choices from companies that are participants in the Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising.
Please note that if you choose to opt out, you will still see ads, but these ads will not be customized based on your interests generated from your visits over time and across different Web sites. In addition, the preferences you select on the http://www.aboutads.info/choices page may not apply to mobile devices.  Due to the differences between using apps and websites on mobile devices, opt-outs will need to be set for both browsers and apps.
Accessing, Correcting, Deleting and Opting Out of Certain Disclosures of Your Information
USTA understands that you may want to better understand the information USTA has received about you, to correct your information with the USTA, and to limit how USTA may retain and use your personal information.
If you would like to learn more about:
the categories or specific items of personal information USTA has collected about you;
the categories of personal information shared with our sponsors and other companies or organizations which we believe may offer products, services, materials or information of interest to you; and/or
the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold.
You may make such a request by emailing feedback@usta.com.  You may also contact USTA at feedback@usta.com to correct or delete any information that USTA possesses about you or to request that USTA not share your information with the third parties described above.
Please note that there are some limitations on these rights.  USTA is able to provide your information only with respect to your interactions with USOpen.org and the Net Generation and USTA Membership programs.
For your security, if your request comes from an email account other than the one USTA has on file for you, USTA may require you to verify your identity through your registered email address or by other means.   You may also review and correct your account information, email subscriptions and other preferences by logging into your USTA account using your user ID and password.
There may be some circumstances where USTA may not be able to honor a request to correct or delete your personal information. For example, without limitation, we cannot agree to delete your match data, as it will affect the records of other players, or when it is necessary to protect USTA’s legal rights.
If you would like to opt-out of USTA sharing your information with sponsors and other companies or organizations which we believe may offer products, services, materials or information of interest to you, you may request that we do so by emailing feedback@usta.com to make such a request.
Security
We will take reasonable steps to protect your personally identifiable information as you transmit your information from your computer to our Site and to protect such information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use. You should keep in mind that no Internet transmission is ever 100% secure or error-free. In particular, email sent to or from this Site may not be secure, and you should therefore take special care in deciding what information you send to us via e-mail. Moreover, where you use passwords, usernames, ID numbers or other special access features on this Site, it is your responsibility to safeguard them
Links to Other Web Sites
You should be aware that when you are on the Site you could be directed to other sites beyond our control. For example, if you "click" on a banner advertisement, the "click" may take you off the Site onto a different Web site. This includes links from advertisers, sponsors and partners that may use the Site’s logo as part of a co-branding agreement. These other Web sites may send their own cookies to you, independently collect data or solicit personal information and may or may not have their own published privacy policies. If you visit a Website that is linked to our Site, you should consult that site’s privacy policy before providing any personal information. Please note that the USTA Family of Companies are not responsible for the privacy practices of third parties.
Other Terms
Your use of this Site is subject to the Terms and Conditions of Use. If you choose to use this Site, your visit and any dispute over privacy and data collection is subject to this Privacy Policy and our Terms and Conditions of Use including limitations on damages and application of the law of the State of New York.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions, comments or concerns about this Privacy Policy or the information practices of this Site, please contact us as follows:
United States Tennis Association
Attention: Communications Dept.
70 West Red Oak Lane, White Plains, NY 10604
(914) 696-7000
Click here for email
California Privacy Rights
Pursuant to Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code, our customers who are California residents have the right to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
To make such a request, please contact the following with such request:
United States Tennis Association
Attention: Advanced Media Dept.- California Privacy Compliance
70 West Red Oak Lane
White Plains, NY 10604
International Users
Users Outside the United States
The USTA is the national governing body for the sport of tennis in the United States.   This site is directly solely towards users who reside in the United States.  If you choose to use this website from outside the United States, you are consenting to the collection, storage, processing, and transfer of your information in and to the United States, pursuant to the laws of the United States.
Notwithstanding the forgoing, similar to the processes described above, the USTA will honor the following requests from users:
If the processing of personal data is based on your consent, the right to withdraw consent for future processing of that data.
The right to request from USTA access to and rectification of your personal data.
Subject to reasonable limitations, the right to request restriction of the processing of your personal data.
Subject to reasonable limitations, the right to request erasure of your personal data.
You may contact USTA using any of the methods described in the “How to Contact Us” section of this Policy.
Do Not Track Signals
Some browsers have incorporated a Do Not Track (DNT) feature. These features, when turned on, send a signal that you prefer that the website you are visiting not collect and use data regarding your online searching and browsing activities. As there is not yet a common understanding on how to interpret the DNT signal, we currently do not respond to DNT signals on our site.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
If this Privacy Policy changes, the revised policy will be posted on this Site. Please check back periodically, and especially before you provide any personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy was last updated on and is effective as of 12/13/2019.
ADVERTISEMENT
USTA
PRIVACY POLICY
Link
Link
Link
Related Articles
Sign up for our Newsletter
Sign up for our Newsletter
Sign-up
×