http://www.ipswichturfclub.com.au/privacy-policy-ipswich-events-and-entertainment-centre
Home
Ipswich Turf Club
Functions
Venues
Weddings
Celebrations
Race Day
Conferences & Meetings
Ask online
Dining & Bars
The Barn Restaurant
Barn Brew
Thoroughbreds Sports Bar
What's On
Blog
About
About Us
Corporate
Annual Reports & Constitution
History
Partners
Contact
07 3282 1500
Privacy Policy
ABOUT THIS PRIVACY POLICY
Ipswich Turf Club understands and appreciates that you may be concerned about your privacy and about the confidentiality and security of information we receive about you.Ipswich Turf Club is committed to protecting your privacy and to complying with the National Privacy Principles. Please read this Policy statement to understand how your personal information is collected, used, stored and protected by us.
INFORMATION COLLECTED
MEMBERSHIP
The Ipswich Turf Club collects personal information from the Membership Application Form. The personal information Ipswich Turf Club collects includes name, contact details, including postal address, e-mail address, telephone number(s), date of birth, occupation, other club details, any court convictions, defaulter, insolvency or bankrupt details. The Membership Department personnel, General Manager and the Ipswich Turf Club Committee view these details. We also obtain amendments to your details when you advise us via the annual Subscription Renewal Notice or from correspondence you have sent us.
ATTENDANCE
Ipswich Turf Club also collects information from race-book competitions, Restaurant feedback forms, internet ticket sales, and competitions. The information Ipswich Turf Club collects includes the name, address details, phone number, age, gender and membership number if applicable. This information is stored by the Ipswich Turf Club for future marketing activities. The information is used only within the Ipswich Turf Club and is not passed onto a third party.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF ENTRY
Ipswich Turf Club and other authorised parties carrying out photography and/or video recording at the venue throughout the day which may feature patrons. By accepting these regulations, and entering the venue, you agree Ipswich Turf Club, or any authorised party may use such images in perpetuity in any promotional, advertising or publicity material in any format whatsoever. You further agree that copyright in these materials rests with Ipswich Turf Club or such authorised party (as the case may be).
Should you wish any images of yourself not to be used by Ipswich Turf Club in any promotional, advertising or publicity please contact Ipswich Turf Club.
USE AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION
Personal information, which you supply, is collected by the Ipswich Turf Club for use in connection with conducting the business of the Ipswich Turf Club. Such uses include matters related to the processing of application forms, general administration and marketing of the Ipswich Turf Club. The Ipswich Turf Club will not disclose personal information concerning you to outside parties other than for a purpose made known to you unless:
The disclosure is required by law.
You have consented to our disclosing the information about you.
There are reasonable grounds to believe that disclosure is necessary to prevent a serious threat to a person’s health or safety.
Please note that the information provided by you may be disclosed to third party service providers (such as mail houses) who provide administrative services to us in connection with the operation of our business and who are under duties to the Ipswich Turf Club to keep such information confidential and secure
PERSONAL INFORMATION QUALITY
Our goal is to ensure that your personal information is accurate, complete and up-to-date. To assist us with this, please contact us if any of the details you have provided change. Further, if you believe that the information we have about you is not accurate, complete or up-to-date, contact us and we will use all reasonable effort to correct the information.
PERSONAL INFORMATION SECURITY
Ipswich Turf Club maintains strict standards and security procedures to prevent unauthorised access to your personal information and ensure correct use of information. Access to your personal information is protected from unauthorised access through the use of a login name, a secure password and restricted network access. Ipswich Turf Club operates secure data networks protected by industry standard firewall and password protection. Ipswich Turf Club takes all reasonable steps to ensure that your information is secure on our systems. Only certain employees have access to the information you provide us. Ipswich Turf Club imposes strict rules on our employees who have access to the databases that store your information or to servers that host our services.
ACCESS TO PERSONAL INFORMATION
You will always have access to the information that you provide to Ipswich Turf Club. You can request us to provide you with access to the personal information Ipswich Turf Club holds about you, at any time.
CHANGES TO THIS STATEMENT
Ipswich Turf Club may make changes to this Privacy Statement from time to time for any reason. We will publish those changes on our website. This Privacy Statement was last amended on 22 June 2020.
LINKS TO OTHER WEB SITES
Our web site contains links to other web sites and this statement has no application to these other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these other websites.
CONTACT US
If you would like further information regarding this Privacy Statement or if you think we have breached any aspect of the Privacy Statement, please contact us by any of the following means:
Email: admin@ipswichturfclub.com.au
Phone Monday to Friday (07) 3282 1500
In writing to the address below:
Ipswich Turf Club Inc.PO Box 1Ipswich QLD 4070