http://www.bayareacurling.com/terms-of-use
Go this site:
About CurlingHistory of Curling
USA Curling
Arena Set-up
Rules
Etiquette
The ClubDedicated Ice
Location
Membership
History
Contact Us
2020 Board Elections & AGM
ActivitiesLeagues
Lessons
Bonspiels
Corporate & Group Events
Competitive Curling
Instructor Training
Wheelchair Curling
Juniors & University
Seniors
Try Curling!Beginner Lesson Series
Intro-to-Curling Clinics
Corporate & Group Events
RegisterBecome a Member
Intro-to-Curling Clinics
Register for Lessons
Register for Leagues
Practice Ice
Spare/Playdown Fees
Dedicated Ice
Calendar
PressArchive
Upcoming Events
full calendar »
User login
Username or e-mail: *
Password: *
Create new account
Request new password
Navigation
Volunteer!
Members Only
Board of Directors
Committees
Board Meeting Agendas & Minutes
Bylaws & Budget
Dedicated Ice Business Plan
Forums
Join our Email List
Interested in hearing about SFBACC events? Join our mailing list!
* required
Email: *
First Name:
Last Name:
Enter the letters shown above:*
Other Area Clubs
For curling in San Jose visit
Silicon Valley Curling Club
For curling in Roseville visit
Wine Country Curling Club
In the Forums
2019 Club Pins: 60th Anniversary Pin and Revised Club Classic Pin - both are $2.50 each
SFBACC Club Jackets: 2019 -New club logo
LF Curling Team
Anyone got a couple of used brooms for sale?
2nd Annual Rocky Mountain Curling Invitational
more
WE'RE MOVING!The San Francisco Bay Area Curling Club is building our own curling center in Oakland set to open in 2020. Our affiliation with Oakland Ice Center has ended. Join our mailing list to be notified when new Intro-to-Curling Clinics are announced and leagues are forming.
Interested in a corporate or group events at our new curling center? Find out more »
Terms of Use
Acceptance of Terms
Welcome to the San Francisco Bay Area Curling Club (SFBACC) website. The SFBACC website provides its service to you subject to the following terms of service and privacy policy, both of which may be updated by us, from time to time, without notice to you.
Description of Service
The SFBACC website provides you with information about functions it promotes or sponsors in the California Bay Area and also provides you with information to inform and amuse Canadians living in the California Bay Area.
The material on this website is intended for informational purposes only. The SFBACC assumes no liability for the use or interpretation of information contained on its website. This information is provided "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement of third party rights.
You may send us E-mail, and are invited to provide us with personal information about you, so that we may better inform you of upcoming SFBACC events. However, if you communicate with us by E-mail, you should note that the security of internet E- mail is uncertain. By sending sensitive or confidential E-mail messages which are not encrypted, you accept the risks of such uncertainty and possible lack of confidentiality over the internet. Any information you provide to us is subject to our privacy policy, a copy of which is attached hereto.
Links
This website contains links to other websites and resources on the internet. These links are provided solely as aids to assist you in locating other internet resources that may be of interest. They are not intended to state or imply that the SFBACC sponsors, or is affiliated or associated with such links.
Proprietary Information and Third Party Information
You also understand that by visiting the SFBACC website and using its services, you recognize that the web design, content design and graphics are the sole property of the SFBACC and are protected by California and Federal laws. You also understand that all information, data, messages or other materials publicly posted or privately transmitted are the sole responsibility of the person from whom such information originated. The SFBACC assumes no responsibility, and in fact disclaims all responsibility for any other websites it has links to, and under no circumstances will the SFBACC be liable in any way for any such information, including but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any such information provided through its website, or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of such information posted, E- mailed or otherwise transmitted through the SFBACC website.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless the SFBACC website and all of its employees, officers, agents and representatives, from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees made by any third party due to or arising out of content you submit, post to or transmit through the SFBACC website, your use of the website, your connection to the website, or your violation of the terms of this agreement.
Inability to Use SFBACC Website Information
You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, re-sell, transfer, assign or exploit, for any purpose whatsoever, any portion of the services provided by the SFBACC website or any use or access to the website.
General Information
This agreement and the privacy policy of the SFBACC website constitute the entire agreement between you and the SFBACC and govern your use of the SFBACC website, superseding any prior agreements between you and the SFBACC. By accessing this website, both you and the SFBACC agree that the laws of the State of California, without regard to conflicts of laws principles, will apply to all matters relating to the use of this website. In the event of a dispute, you and the SFBACC agree to submit all disputes to the exclusive personal jurisdiction and venue of the Superior Court of Santa Clara County and the United States District Court for the Northern District of California.
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Mailing List
Contact Us
©2020 San Francisco Bay Area Curling Club