http://www.safc.com/hygiene/cookie-policy
X
Streaming is available through desktop and through the SAFSEE mobile app
DOWNLOAD THE APP
Top Navigation accesskey[1]
Sub Navigation accesskey[2]
Main Content accesskey[3]
Footer accesskey[4]
Cookie Policy
Facebook
Twitter
Site tracking & cookies
When visiting our website, we would like to use "cookies" and other tracking technologies which record information and data automatically.
What are cookies?
"Cookies" are small text files stored on your "browser" on your computer's hard drive, which collect basic information, but not personally identifying information, that a website can use to recognize repeat site visits. Cookies send information stored on them back to our webserver when you access our website.
Cookies enable SAFC to provide features such as remembering your address, so that you do not have to re-enter it each time you use the website. Cookies do not attach to your system or damage your files.
Removing cookies
Cookies can be deleted from your hard drive if you wish. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies. You can usually change your browser so that it will not accept cookies. If you do this, you will still be able to browse around the site and use most of the features on the website but the functions that allow you to add items to your trolley, set up a new account or access an existing account will not be available. Alternatively, you can adjust your browser to tell you when a website tries to put a cookie on your computer. How you adjust your browser to stop it accepting cookies or to notify you of them will depend on the type of internet browser programme, which your computer uses.
If your computer uses Microsoft Internet Explorer or Netscape Navigator, you will need to follow these instructions at this link www.allaboutcookies.org (SAFC is not responsible for the content of external websites.)
Go to the heading "Manage Cookies". Click onto the option you prefer, either stopping cookies being installed or notifying you of them. From the list provided, click onto the programme, which your computer uses. If this is not shown on the list, click on the "help" heading on the bar at the top of this page, search for information on "cookies" - an explanation of how to delete cookies will appear, then follow those instructions.
If we cannot use such technology it is possible that certain functionality or 'personalised' services of this site might be affected and you might not be able to access certain Webpages. This information does not identify you personally.
What information do we collect?
We automatically collect and store only the following information about your visit:-
• the internet domain and IP address from where you access our Website;
• the type of browser software and operating system used to access our Website;
• the date and time you access our Website;
• the pages you enter, visit and exit our Website from; and
• if you linked to our Website from another Website, the address of that Website.
Why do we collect this information?
We use this information to help us identify click stream patterns, to compile aggregate data in order to observe behaviour and to improve our Website, to learn about the number of visitors to our Website, the types of technology our visitors use, to target the advertising and to assess the general effectiveness of such advertising.
We only use this information to ensure that our Webpages stay compatible with a selection of browsers and systems and thereby ensure that the pages appeal to a wide audience.
Currently our Webpages are optimised for the following Internet browsers: Internet Explorer 8.0+, Firefox, Safari, Chrome and native browsers on mobile devices and tablets.
We do not use cookies to collect or store personal information such as your name or email address.
Third party advertising cookies
Some of the advertisements you see on this site are generated by third parties. Some of these third parties generate their own "anonymous cookies", for the same reasons we do: to track how many unique users have seen a particular ad, and how many times they have seen it.
These third party cookies cannot be used to identify an individual user, but only for statistical purposes, for example, in providing you with advertisements that are more relevant to your interests. Additionally, the companies that generate these cookies have their own, very strict, privacy policies but we don't have access to these cookies; other than allowing them to be served, we have no role to play in these cookies at all (although we may use statistical information arising from these third party cookies and provided to us by third parties, to improve the targeting of advertisements to users).
Consent to cookies
In using this website, and by submitting your information, you consent to the collection, storage and use of your personal information by us as set out in this Policy.
If you do not agree, please leave this website now.
You may save this Privacy Policy onto your computer for future reference.
List of performance cookies
Cookie Name
Purpose
Adtech.de
The cookies from this domain are used to display advertising
CFP
This ADTECH cookie allows the ad server to check if you accept cookies
JEB2
This ADTECH cookie is the ad server's anonymous unique user ID, used for example to control the number of ads seen by a user.
ADTECH uses cookies to store the following non person-related data:
- Browser type (such as Chrome 9.x)
- Operating system (such as Windows 7)
- Date and time at which a specific banner was delivered
When collecting or storing data, ADTECH conforms with the data protection law and fulfils the regulations of the Privacy Preferences Project (P3P), that are determined by the World Wide Web group.
Doubleclick.net
ID
We use this Google DoubleClick cookie to measure the effectiveness of its online marketing campaigns. Google provides options for opting out of the DoubleClick cookie.
Google.com
Google uses cookies, like the PREF, NID and SID cookies, to help customise ads on Google properties, like Google Search. For example, they use such cookies to remember your most recent searches, your previous interactions with an advertiser's ads or search results, and your visits to an advertiser's website. This helps them to show you customised ads on Google.
Twitter.com
pid, metrics_token
These cookies are created by Twitter. In this case they are present because a Twitter widget or button is being used on the website.
Facebook.com
These cookies are created by Facebook. In this case they are present because a Facebook widget or button is being used on the website.
Cookies set by third-party companies
_utma, _utmb, _utmc, _utmz
Cookies related to Google Analytics which facilitate tracking information about how the website is being used, e.g. number of users.
ASP.NET SessionID
This cookie is used to create a unique session identifier (a random number specific to just your session on the website) so that we can store the data regarding your session. This cookie expires at the end of your session (when you leave the website) and will be removed when you close the browser.
Back to top
By continuing, you agree to the use of cookies. To find out more click here
Accept cookies