http://www.suasl.com/privacy
Scottsdale United AmateurSoccer League (SUASL) is committed to protecting your privacy. This privacy statement explains data collection and use practices of the SUASL site (the “Site”). By accessing the Site, you are consenting to the information collection and use practices described in this privacy statement. If you have any questions about this privacy statement, please contact us at suaslsoccer@gmail.com
Collection of your Personal Information
We will ask you when we need information that personally identifies you (personal information) or allows us to contact you to provide a service or carry out a transaction that you have requested such as receiving information about SUASL products and services, player registration, ordering e-mail newsletters, signing up for an event or tournament, or when purchasing, downloading and/or registering for SUASL products or services. The personal information we collect may include your name, title, club or organization name, e-mail, phone, work or home address, information about your job function, information about your club or organization, and credit card information.
The Site may collect certain information about your visit, such as the name of the Internet service provider and the Internet Protocol (IP) address through which you access the Internet; the date and time you access the Site; the pages that you access while at the Site and the Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to our site. This information is used to help improve the Site, analyze trends, and administer the Site.
Use of Personal Information
We do not sell, rent or otherwise share your personal information with third parties except as described below. The personal information collected on the Site will be used to operate the Site and to provide the service(s) or carry out the transaction(s) you have requested or authorized.
In support of these uses, SUASL may use personal information to provide you with more effective customer service, to improve the Site and any related SUASL products or services, and to make the Site easier to use by eliminating the need for you to repeatedly enter the same information or by customizing the Site to your particular preference or interests. In order to offer you a more consistent experience in your interactions with SUASL, information collected by the Site may be combined with information collected by other SUASL services.
We may use your personal information to provide you with important information about the product or service that you are using, including critical updates and notifications. Additionally, with your permission, we may send you information about other SUASL products and services, and/or share information with SUASL partners so they may send you information about their products and services.
When you sign up for a newsletter or agree to receive promotional e-mail, the Site may use customized links or similar technologies to track e-mail links that you click. We may associate that information with your personal information in order to provide you more focused e-mail communications or purchase information. Each e-mail communication includes an unsubscribe link allowing you to stop delivery of that type of communication.
Control of your Personal Information
Except as otherwise described in this statement, personal information you provide on the Sites will not be shared outside of SUASL without your permission. If you want us to remove all or certain of your information from our records, please contact us at suaslsoccer@gmail.com. Please note that a request to remove information may prevent us from providing certain products or services to you.
Security of your Personal Information
SUASL is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. However, we cannot assume responsibility for a compromise of security, and we do not maintain control over information in the possession of third parties.
Changes to this Statement
We may occasionally update this privacy statement. We encourage you to periodically review this privacy statement to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. Your continued use of the service constitutes your agreement to this privacy statement and any updates.
E-mail: suaslsoccer@gmail.com
Your Name (required)
Your Email (required)
Subject
Your Message
Home    |    News    |    Schedule    |    Registration    |    Faq's    |    Contact Us     |    About SUASL     |    Feedback    |    Log In
Copyright © SUASL 2006. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy | Advertise with SUASL
Web Site Design by Michael Palethorpe