http://www.drurywrestling.ca/privacy
Drury Wrestling
Home
History
Team History
Milton Sports Hall of Fame
Team Hall of Fame
OFSAA
Yearly Highlights
1980 - 1989
1990 - 1999
2000 - 2012
Trips
2000 Venezuela
2002 Puerto Rico
2005 Namibia
2009 Nicaragua
Statistics
Award Winners
Season Records
Pins
Medals
Wins
Career Records
Medals
Wins
Tournaments
Junior Halton
Halton
GHAC
OFSAA
Ontario (OAWA)
Canadian Finalists
International Finalists
CKSS
Home /
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy Information about our Web site
Modern information and communication technologies play a fundamental role in the activities of an organization like Drury Wrestling . We are based in Canada .
Our principal activity is: To provide information on the E.C. Drury Wrestling team.
This Web site is not officially endorsed, sponsored or authorized by E.C. Drury High School and while it is intended to support the E.C. Drury High School wrestling program and it's athletes, it is independently owned and operated.
Our privacy policy covers Drury Wrestling and its Web site:
Organization Name: Drury Wrestling
City: Milton
Province: ON
Country: Canada
Controller: Web Admin
Web Sites(s): drurywrestling.ca
Providing Visitors with Anonymous Access
You can access our Web site home page and browse our site without disclosing your personal data.
The services and links of our Web site
Our Web site enables you to communicate with other visitors or to post information to be accessed by others. When you do so, other visitors may collect your data.
Our Web site does not include links to third party Web service providers.
Automatic Collection of Information
We do not automatically log personal data nor do we link information automatically logged by other means with personal data about specific individuals.
We do not use cookies to store personal data nor do we link non-personal information stored in cookies with personal data about specific individuals.
We use cookies to store login information for our communication Forum application.
Data Collection and Purpose Specification
We do not collect any personal data from our visitors when they use our services.
We do not collect information about our visitors from other sources, such as public records or bodies, or private organisations.
Privacy Compliance
There are no national laws or self-regulatory schemes applicable to our web site or organisation.
There are no global or regional regulatory or self-regulatory schemes applicable to our web site or organisation.
We cannot demonstrate that our privacy policy accords with the privacy instrument.