http://www.skinnyski.com/privacy.html
Skinnyski
Trails
News
Trail Reports
Report Map
Ski Trails
Rollerski Trails
Lodging
News
Minnesota
Wisconsin
UP of Michigan
Other Locations
Gear
News
Stores
Manufacturers
Sales/Swaps
Classifieds
Training
News
Calendar
Racing
News
High School
College
Calendar
Racing Outlook
Results
Notices
News
Jobs
Links
Stores
Equipment
Lodging
Dining
Trails
Events
Teams
Clubs
Websites
Organizations
Login
Privacy StatementSkinnyski.com, owner and operator of this Web site, is firmly committed to respecting the privacy of our viewers (people who visit and/or use the site). The following policy explains how your personal information will be treated. Please check back periodically, as this policy may change from time to time.
Use of IP Address
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, administer our Web site, and improve the information and services offered.
Use of Cookies
Our site may use cookies to track visitor retention information, and for other purposes.
Survey and Contests Information
Our online surveys and contests may ask viewers for contact information (like e-mail address) and demographic information (like zip code, age, etc.). We will use the contact information to reach the viewer that is a contest winner. We do not disclose your personally identifiable information to third parties. You may choose to tell us that you do not wish to have your information used as a basis for further contact with you, and we will respect your wishes; you may also update your personal information in our database.
If you want to update your information, send e-mail to
with the information you wish to update in the body of the message.
Summaries and aggregations of profile data collected on contest entry forms, surveys, etc. are sometimes shared with advertisers and other partners (see below).
Site Visit Information
We gather information on site activity, such as how many viewers access the site, the pages they visit, etc. We use this information on an aggregate, anonymous basis, to improve site content. We also may disclose aggregated information (for example, X% of our viewers visit the trail reports section) to third parties.
Newsletter Information
We do not sell or distribute the set of e-mail addresses we use for our e-mail newsletter. If you want to be removed from our e-mail newsletter, simply write us at and inform us of your desired to be removed.
Questions regarding this policy should be directed to
About Us | Advertising Information | Privacy Statement | This service provided to you according to our Visitor Agreement
© 2020 skinnyski.com. All Rights Reserved.