http://www.wudi.org/about-wudi/17-general/28-wudi-privacy-policy
Home
Leagues
About
Contact
Login
Username
Password
Remember Me
Forgot your password?
Forgot your username?
Create an account
We have 8 guests online
Follow Us
WUDi Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy explains what information Westchester Ultimate Disc, inc. ("WUDi" or "we" or "us") collects on our web site, www.wudi.org (the "Web Site"), how we use your information, and your choices. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully.
This Privacy Policy is subject to change from time to time. If the policy is revised substantially, affected registrants/subscribers may receive an e-mail outlining the change.
Information WUDi Collects
In order to access certain portions of the Web Site, or if you choose to participate in certain features, such as registering for Westchester Summer League ("WSL"), you will need to register and provide certain personally identifiable information ("PII") about yourself, such as but not limited to your name, address, e-mail address, phone number or credit card information.
In addition, when you visit this Web Site, our web servers automatically collect certain non-PII, such as the number and frequency of visitors to our web pages and the length of their stays, browser type, referrer data that identifies the web page visited prior and subsequent to visiting our Web Site, and IP addresses (see below for more information on IP addresses). We also may determine the technology available through your browser in order to serve you the most appropriate version of a web page.
WUDi does not rent, sell or give away its user or member lists or its users' or members' names, e-mail addresses or mailing addresses for use by third parties for the purpose of solicitations unless the user has previously given his or her consent.
Use of IP Addresses
An IP address is a number that is assigned to your computer or network when you are on the Internet. When you request pages from this Web Site, our servers log your IP address. WUDi may use IP addresses for a number of purposes, such as system administration, to report aggregate information to our business partners or to audit the use of the Web Site.
Cookies
Like most web sites, this Web Site may sometimes make use of browser "cookies." Cookies are pieces of information that a web site either transfers to your computer's hard drive or stores temporarily in your computer's memory for record-keeping purposes (also known as session cookies).
WUDi primarily utilizes cookies to remember your username or otherwise to expedite your logging in to our Web Site. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. If you choose to disable cookies, you may not be able to fully access and take advantage of some features on the Web Site.
WUDi's Use and Disclosure of Collected Information
WUDi may use your PII to provide you with information or content related to WSL, to contact you regarding WUDi events, services and information, or for other purposes disclosed at the time of collection. For instance, we may send you notification of game cancellations, or we may contact you for feedback on league events or with regard to assiting in WUDi activities. We may also contact you regarding any problems or questions we have relating to your use of our Web Site, or, in our discretion, to notify you of changes to our Privacy Policy or other policy or terms that affect you and your use of our Web Site. We may also use information about our users, including PII, for internal purposes.
At no time will any PII you have provided WUDi be disclosed to any third party.
WUDi may employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on its behalf. Examples include, without limitation, hosting this Web Site, processing credit card transactions, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, and providing customer service. These third parties may have access to this Web Site's user information, including PII, but only to the extent it is needed to perform their duties and functions.
WUDi may disclose information about its users, including PII, when legally required to do so, at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation, or to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our Web Site and applicable laws. WUDi may also disclose such user information whenever we believe disclosure is necessary to limit our legal liability or to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interfering with our rights or property or the rights or property of anyone else that could be harmed by such activities.
Your Choices
If you register for WSL, you can notify us if at a later time you decide you no longer wish to be registered. When you receive the WUDi messages via e-mail, follow the instructions on how to unsubscribe at the bottom of each e-mail. You can also ask to be removed from any registration by e-mailing
This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it
.
In general, a registered member may update or delete the information he or she previously provided to us via e-mail:
This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it
.
Security
WUDi strives to ensure the security of your PII on WUDi's systems, including limiting access to the PII contained on our servers. If credit card information is transmitted, WUDi, via PayPal, uses encryption methods, including industry-standard SSL (secure socket layer) encryption. However, please be aware that no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, and therefore, WUDi cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to WUDi and you do so at your own risk.
Links
Please be aware that our Web Site, or information you receive from us via e-mail or on your PDA, may contain links to other web sites and/or online materials that are beyond WUDi's control. If you click on the link to such a third party, the click takes you outside WUDi's service to a web site or other service controlled by the third party or third parties. These third parties may set their own cookies, collect data, solicit PII and/or have their own privacy policies. This Privacy Policy only covers information collected at this Web Site, and we encourage you to review the privacy policy of any other web site you visit.
Consent to Transfer
This Web Site is operated in the United States. If you are located in the European Union or elsewhere outside of the United States, please be aware that any information you provide to us will be transferred to the United States. By using our Web Site, participating in any of our services and/or providing us with your information, you consent to this transfer.
Acceptance
By using this Web Site, you accept the policies set forth in this Privacy Policy. WUDi reserves the right to modify, alter or otherwise update this Privacy Policy at any time. We will post any changes here, so be sure to check back from time to time. However, be assured that we only use the PII you submit to this Web Site in a manner consistent with the Privacy Policy in effect at the time you submit your PII, unless you give us your consent.
Contact Us
If you have any questions, comments or concerns about our Privacy Policy, you may contact us at
This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it
.
Print, Post or Email this article...
Latest Articles
WUDi 2020 Upcoming Elections Announcement
New USAU 2020-2021 Indoor Rules
Indoor League
Indoor League Rules
WSL Draft League Playoffs Details 2018
Copyright © Westchester Ultimate Disc, inc. 1998-2010Questions or comments? Write to admin@wudi.org.WUDi Privacy Policy
Coded by Marty | Themed by 222Studios.