http://www.mbnpromotions.co.uk/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
MBN Events is owned and operated by Premier Team Promotions Ltd. Premier Team Promotions Ltd with registered address at Allianz Park Stadium, Greenlands Lane, London, NW4 1RL.
(“we”, “our”, “us”) is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. We are the data controller for the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/279) and any other law applicable to the processing of your personal data. We will take all necessary steps to ensure that your personal data is processed by us in accordance with these data protection laws.
We are part of a group of companies whose ultimate parent company is Premier Team Promotions Limited. We may share your personal information with other members of our group in accordance with the terms of this privacy notice.
This privacy notice aims to give you information on how we collect and process your personal data through your use of this website and your subsequent interactions with us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. It is important that you read this privacy notice together with any other privacy notice or fair processing notice we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data. This privacy notice supplements the other notices and is not intended to override them.
This website is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.
Collecting Your Personal Information
We will collect and process the following data about you:
Information you give us. This is information about you that you give us by filling in forms on our website or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. It includes information you provide when you register to use our site, buy tickets for the MBN Events and Promotions, contact us and when you report a problem with our site. This information that you give us may include:
Identity Data, including first name, last name, username or similar identifier, title, and date of birth;
Contact Data, includes billing address, delivery address, email address and telephone numbers;
Financial Data, including bank account and payment card details;
Transaction Data, including details about payments to and from you and other details of products and services you have purchased from us;
Profile Data, including your username and password, your interests, preferences, feedback and survey responses; and
Marketing and Communications Data, including your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.
Information we collect about you. With regard to each of your visits to our site we will automatically collect the following information:
Technical Data, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, browser type and version, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform.
Usage Data about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL), clickstream to, through and from our site (including date and time), page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs) and methods used to browse away from the page.
We also collect, use and share aggregated data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data may be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy notice.
We do not collect any Special Categories of Personal Data about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
How we use your personal data
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
Where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you.
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
Generally we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data other than in relation to sending third party direct marketing communications to you via email or text message. You have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time in accordance with the “Opting out of marketing” section below.
We have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate.
Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data. Please contact us using the details set out in the “Contact us” section below if you need details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your personal data where more than one ground has been set out in the table below.
Purpose/Activity
Type of data
Lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest
To register you as a website user
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
Performance of a contract with you
Notifying you about changes to our terms or privacy notice
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
Asking you to leave a review or take a survey
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Marketing and Communications
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to evaluate how users use our products/services and to receive feedback on the same for the purpose of improving our products/services)
To enable you to partake in a prize draw or competition
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Usage
(e) Marketing and Communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how users use our products/services, to develop them and grow our organisation)
To register you for the MBN Events and Promotions
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Financial
(d) Transaction
Performance of a contract with you
To purchase tickets for the MBN Events and Promotions
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Financial
(d) Transaction
Necessary for our legitimate interests (for effectively running the MBN Events and Promotions)
To administer and protect our organisation and this website (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data)
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical
(d) Usage
(a) Necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our organisation, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud)
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
To deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you and measure or understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Marketing and Communications
(e) Technical
(f) Usage
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how users use our products/services, to develop them, to grow our organisation and to inform our marketing strategy)
To use data analytics to improve our website, products/services, marketing, user relationships and experiences
(a) Profile
(b) Technical
(c) Usage
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to define types of customers for our products and services, to keep our website updated and relevant, to develop our organisation and to inform our marketing strategy)
To make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may be of interest to you
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Marketing and Communications
(e) Technical
(f) Usage
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop our products/services and grow our organisation)
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact us.
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
Marketing
We strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal data uses, particularly around marketing and advertising.
We may use your Identity, Contact, Technical, Usage and Profile Data to form a view on what we think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you. This is how we decide which products, services and offers may be relevant for you (we call this marketing).
You will receive marketing communications from us or our group companies if you have requested information from us purchased from us or if you provided us with your details when you entered a competition, purchased tickets for the MBN Events and Promotions or registered for a promotion and, in each case, you have not opted out of receiving that marketing in accordance with the below opt-out process. As part of our contractual obligation, when you purchase a ticket for the MBN Events and Promotions, your place will automatically be reserved at the following years show, you may be contacted about this to confirm your attendance.
We will get your express opt-in consent before we share your personal data with any company outside our group of companies for marketing purposes.
Opting out of marketing
You can ask us or third parties to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by logging into the website and checking or unchecking relevant boxes to adjust your marketing preferences or by following the opt-out links on any marketing message sent to you or by contacting us at any time using the details set out in the “Contact Us” section below.
Disclosure of your information
We may share your personal information with:
Any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in the Companies Act 2006, for the purpose of the business operation and administration of our group companies and for marketing purposes.
Selected third parties including:
business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with you;
with your express opt-in consent, select companies outside our group for marketing purposes;
advertisers and advertising networks that require the data to select and serve relevant adverts to you and others. We do not disclose information about identifiable individuals to our advertisers, but we will provide them with aggregate information about our users. We may also use such aggregate information to help advertisers reach the kind of audience they want to target. We may make use of the personal data we have collected from you to enable us to comply with our advertisers’ wishes by displaying their advertisement to that target audience; and
analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our website.
We will disclose your personal information to third parties:
if we are required to do so by law or pursuant to a binding regulatory request (in such circumstances, such disclosure will at all times be solely to the extent required by law or the applicable regulatory request);
in the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we will disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets;
in order to enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements; or
to protect the rights, property, or safety of our users, or others which may include exchanging information with third party companies for fraud prevention or credit risk reduction.
How we store your personal data
We have adopted strict security processes, in accordance with good industry practice, to prevent the unauthorised access to, or disclosure of, your personal data. We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so. In addition, we also limit access to personal information to those employees, agents, consultants and other third parties on a need-to-know basis and subject in each case to suitable obligations relating to security and confidentiality of your information. Notwithstanding our implementation of these policies, please note that we cannot guarantee the security of any data that you send to us via the internet or which is collected using online devices/tracking technology.
We will retain your personal data only for as long as is strictly necessary for the purposes for which such data was originally collected (or for such longer period as may be required by law).
International data transfers
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. It may be necessary in the future for us to transfer your personal data to third parties who are located in countries outside of the European Economic Area (“EEA”). These countries may not have as comprehensive data protection standards as in the UK. In each case, we will not transfer your data outside of the EEA unless we have your explicit consent to do so (or have another legal justification for doing so) and where we have ensured that all adequate protections are in place in respect of the processing of such data outside of the EEA. If you require more information about these international transfer of data, please contact us using the details set out in the “Contact us” section below. Where relevant, you are entitled to see a copy of any safeguards which we have put in place.
Your rights
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us.
In certain situations, you are entitled to: (i) request access to a copy of your personal data; (ii) request that we correct your personal data; (iii) request that we erase your personal data; (iv) object to processing of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest; (v) request the restriction of processing of your personal data; (vi) request the transfer of your personal data to a third party; or (vii) where you have provided your consent to certain of our processing activities, in certain circumstances, you may withdraw your consent at any time (but please note that we may continue to process such personal data if we have legitimate legal grounds for doing so).
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests (in each case, where we are legally entitled to take longer to respond). In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
In addition to the above, please not that you have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner’s Office. We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns first so please contact us in the first instance.
Changes to our privacy notice
If we amend our privacy notice, it will be published on this website so please check the website regularly to check whether our privacy notice has been updated. We may also email you to notify you of any substantial changes to this privacy notice.
Contact us
To exercise any of your rights, or if you have any questions in relation to this notice, please contact Hannah.robinson@mbnpromotions.co.uk or write to us at Premier Team Promotions, Allianz Park Stadium, Greenlands Lane, London, NW4 1RL
Last updated – May 2018
Speak to one of our event specialists today
Call +44 (0)203 675 7301
Our Events By SportCricket
Soccer
Rugby
Other
Personal Service Throughout New Business Enquiries:
joe.wray@mbnpromotions.co.uk
Event Logistics:
katie.armstrong@mbnevents.com
Tailored Services:
dominie.bradshaw@mbnpromotions.co.uk
Accounts:
hinal.varsani@mbnpromotions.co.uk
Calendar
<<
Dec 2020
>>
MTWTFSS
30
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
1
2
3
© 2018 MBN Events | Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy | Terms & Conditions
Events
Cricket
Rugby
Football
Christmas
Bespoke Events
Event Calendar
MBN Blog
About
About Us
Past Events
Contact Us
Book an event now
Soccer
Football’s Coming Home Lunch - 11/06/2021
Rugby
Sorry, no events were found.
Cricket
Sorry, no events were found.