http://www.scottabel.com/return-policy/
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Youtube
RSS
Contact
Exercise Library
Login
Return Policy
OVERVIEW
Officially, we do not offer refunds or exchanges on products or services, for the simple fact that they are digital products and services, and once you have them, there is no way to “give them back.”
Products
We've decided to make the products available for download to you, such that they are yours, to keep, forever. You can make copies, back them up, burn them to CDs, DVDs, or external hard drives, or save them in the cloud. In this regard, they're yours to do with as you please! We want to give you this freedom, so we haven't added fancy DRMs to the products.
Once they're downloaded, they're yours, so there's no way to “return them.” It's not a pair of jeans that you return to the store, nor even a course where the videos can only be accessed online, such that we can simply shut off your access. This is why we don't offer refunds. In some cases, we will make exceptions, but that is at our sole discretion. Email orders[at]scottabel.com if you have questions.
Services
All services, including one-on-one online coaching, custom diet plans, and custom workout plans, are sent over email. There are no refunds or exchanges because, again, once you have them, they're yours. We consider these very high-end services, and we do not want clients who want to try before they buy; we want people who are serious and have committed to change.
People who order these should already trust Scott, his expertise, and his knowledge, and his beliefs as a “big-C” Coach. If you're not there yet, spend more time on the site, do more research, and shoot him an email with your questions. See also this very detailed this blog post about his approach.
Products on Third-Party Websites (Amazon, Udemy)
Some of our products are available on websites like Amazon and Udemy. In these cases, their refund policy applies, not ours.
This website uses cookies. Some are basic functionality, some are for marketing. Click the green "Accept" button to consent to all of them, or click "Settings" to opt out of them:
Read More
ACCEPTSettingsPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
This is an necessary category.
Analytics
analytics
Performance
performance
Advertisement
advertisement
Uncategorized
uncategorized
Functionality
functionality
Embeds
embeds
Save & Accept