http://www.chem.uky.edu/family-educational-rights-and-privacy-act-ferpa
The Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) | Chemistry
Skip to main content
People
Map
Close
myUK
College of Arts & Sciences
Chemistry
User login
Username *
Password *
AboutChair's Message
Department Directory
Directions
Featured Stories
Forms & Documents
Mission & Values
Safety Information
Where Can Chemistry Take Me?
ProgramsUndergraduate ProgramAdmissions
Advising
Awards, Fellowships & Scholarships
ChemCats
Degrees
Education Abroad
General Chemistry
Living Learning Programs
Organic Chemistry Learning Center
Research
STEMCats
Tutors
Graduate ProgramAbout Our Program
Career Outcomes
Chemistry Graduate Student Association
Fellowships & Support
Graduate Student Awards
Graduate Student Directory
Handbook (PDF)
Prospective Students
Resources for Current Students
Student Code of Conduct
Courses
PeopleFaculty
Graduate Students
Postdoctoral Scholars
Staff
Alumni Board
Contact the Department
ResearchAnalytical
Biological
Inorganic
Materials
Organic
Physical
Radionuclear
Research Centers
Research Facilities
EventsCalendar
Chem News & Newsletters
Dawson Lecture
Graduation Celebration
Naff Symposium
Outreach Activities
PChem Math Bootcamp
Regional Poster Competition
Reunion
Seminars
A&S
Give to Chemistry
The Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA)
Share this page:
The Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) of 1974, as amended, is a federal law that protects the privacy and confidentiality of personally identifiable information contained within student education records.  Key elements of this law include:
Education records are any record maintained by the institution which include student information, regardless of the medium (paper, electronic, et al).
FERPA rights transfer to the student upon enrollment in a higher education institution regardless of age.  Parents have no inherent rights to student education records.
Institutions may only release directory information to third parties and then only if the student does not have a privacy flag and/or has not provided explicit signed consent to the release of non-directory information.
Students have the right to prevent institutional disclosure of any student record information, including directory information (i.e. a FERPA/privacy flag – displayed in myUK and SAP).
Students’ have the right to review their own education records.
(Note:  For a full list of FAQs and do’s/don’ts, please click here.)
o   Students – http://www.uky.edu/registrar/FERPA-privacy
o   Parents/Guardians – http://www.uky.edu/registrar/content/ferpa-parentsguardians
o   Faculty/Staff – http://www.uky.edu/registrar/content/facultystaff-ferpa-privacy
Confirm student identity by checking a photo ID or photo in the myUK Advising Hub.
Do not release student information over the phone or via a non-UK issued email account.  Verification can be done by way asking a few questions that only the student would know (ex. grades in a few courses, ever received a W grade?).
Ensure employees lock their offices, computers, desorsks and filing cabinets which contain student information while away from their work station.
Ensure computer monitors displaying student information are not visible to third parties.  Use computer monitor privacy filters or reposition the monitor.
Shred or place in a university provided secure receptacle any document that contains student information that can, and is to be, discarded.
Do not publicly display grades or leave course assignments/exams to be picked up by students in a public area.
When in doubt, don’t release student information – contact the Office of the Registrar.
For FERPA information, questions or training requests (new staff and continuing staff should be trained/review FERPA updates annually) contact:  Sean Cooper, Sr. Associate Registrar for Student Records, at 859.257.7157 or sean.cooper@uky.edu.
Department of Chemistry
(859) 257-4741
125 Chemistry/Physics Building
Lexington KY 40506-0055
© University of Kentucky
An Equal Opportunity University
Accreditation
Directory
X
Username *
Enter your linkblue username.
Password *
Enter your linkblue password.
This login is SSL protected
Request new password