http://www.roadatlanta.com/privacy-policy
We use cookies to understand how you use our site and give you an awesome experience. By using our site, you acknowledge that you have read and agree to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.I Accept
Privacy Policy
We are always conscious and respectful of your personal privacy.This Privacy Policy governs the use of Road Atlanta.com, the general audience Internet website, which includes subdomains and any associated applications (such as mobile and other device applications) and other associated offerings (collectively, the "Site") that are owned, offered and or operated by or on behalf of Road Atlanta, LLC ("Road Atlanta", "we", "us", or "our"). The Privacy Policy's purpose is to make you aware of our privacy policy and practices and the way information is collected and used with respect to the Site. To make this notice easy to find, a link to this Privacy Policy is on the homepage of the Site. This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect on the Site, but does not apply to information collected through other means, including information provided by you in any non-Site ticket purchase (such as an in person purchase from the ticket office) at Road Atlanta.
This Privacy Policy will answer your questions about the kind of information we collect and how we use it. If we change or update our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes here. By using this Site, you acknowledge you have read this Privacy Policy and agree to the terms hereof.
What information do you gather and how do you use it?Road Atlanta automatically collects certain non-personally identifiable information about your visits to the Site, such as IP address, service provider, browser type, operating system, pages accessed on the Site and the date and time of access to optimize your user experience and enhance your time spent with us online. Road Atlanta also receives information telling us the site from which you originated.
When you send Road Atlanta an e-mail, Road Atlanta will retain the content of the e-mail, your e-mail address, and our response in order to handle any follow-up questions you may have. Road Atlanta also uses this information to measure how effectively Road Atlanta addresses your concerns.
When purchasing tickets or merchandise, registering for promotions at the Site, or in connection with gifts, ecards, e-vites, forward-to-a-friend messages or any other messaging service, Road Atlanta may ask for your or your friend's: * Name * E-mail address * Credit card number and expiration date * Billing address * Shipping address * Date of Birth * Phone number
We use the personally identifiable information you choose to provide to Road Atlanta to process the transactions and services you request, to provide Road Atlanta and Road Atlanta affiliates promotional communications to you, to enable you to participate in sweepstakes and promotions, and to otherwise facilitate your use of the Site.
Road Atlanta may ask you to voluntarily provide us with information regarding your personal or professional interests, demographics, experiences with us, and contact preferences. This information may be combined with information about you, which Road Atlanta gathered from other offline sources. Road Atlanta and its affiliates use the information to design offers customized to your interests. For example, you may receive a special offer for your most frequently visited Road Atlanta event.
Information from other sourcesRoad Atlanta may receive information about you from other sources. This may help improve the personalization of our service to you by providing better product recommendations or special offers that we think will interest you.
Who do you share my personal information with?Road Atlanta's general policy is that Road Atlanta does not sell or share your name or other personally identifiable information to or with any non-affiliate third parties for marketing purposes unless you affirmatively agree to such sharing. However, Road Atlanta may share your name and personally identifiable information with its affiliate companies for such affiliates to send you promotional communications such as emails and newsletters. Road Atlanta may share anonymous, aggregated information (information that does not individually identify a user) about all our users with third parties for any lawful purpose.
Service providersRoad Atlanta may also share information with companies that provide support services to us (such as a printer, mailing house or web host) or that help us market our products and services. These companies may need information about you in order to perform their functions. These companies are not authorized to use the information we share with them for any other purpose.
Protection of the Site and othersRoad Atlanta may disclose information you provide at the Site when we believe disclosure is appropriate to comply with the law; to enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property or safety of the Site, our users or other individuals.
How does this Site use cookies and similar tracking technologies?This Site uses cookies, tags, pixels and similar tracking technologies to allow Road Atlanta to recognize your preference information, keep track of your purchases, and facilitate effective site administration. Road Atlanta uses the information we collect to enhance your visit to the Site and provide you with information tailored to your needs.
You may elect to refuse cookies, but certain Site functions or access may not be available if you choose to do so. Please refer to your browser Help instructions to learn more about cookies.
A Web beacon is an electronic image, also called a single-pixel or clear GIF, placed in the code of a webpage or in e-mails. The Site uses Web beacons to track traffic patterns of users as they navigate from one page to another. This information lets us tune and improve our users' browsing experience. As with cookies, the information that Web beacons collect is aggregated, anonymous "click stream" data, and is not associated with you as an individual.
We also use Web beacons through a third party website analytics provider, as well as standard Web server log files, to help us count visitors and evaluate the Site's technical capacity. This information tells us how many people visit the Site, and helps us decide how to arrange pages in the most user-friendly way. This also helps us keep the Site browser-friendly and more useful to our users. We record information on Site traffic, but not on individual visitors to the Site.
How does this Site comply with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act?The Site is not intended for use by children under 13 years of age. Road Atlanta does not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under 13 years of age, except for the limited circumstances described below. In the event a child under the age of 13 submits a question to us on the Site and identifies his or her age, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to limit our use of the child's email address for the sole purpose of responding to the child's question on a one-time-only basis. However, we will not use the child's email address to re-contact the child and we will delete it from our records once we have responded. If we become aware that we have unknowingly collected personal information from a child under the age of 13, we will make commercially reasonable efforts to delete such information from our database.
What choices do I have regarding promotional communications?Road Atlanta only sends promotional e-mail messages to you if you have voluntarily provided Road Atlanta with your e-mail address. Further, by providing your email address you agree that Road Atlanta may share such information with Road Atlanta affiliates and that such Road Atlanta affiliates may directly send you promotional materials. You may request to be removed from this Site's e-mail subscription list by updating your profile or unsubscribing via the link provided in our promotional emails.
How do I update personal information such as my address?Road Atlanta asks that you keep your information as up-to-date as possible so you may get the maximum benefit from this Site. Access to personally identifiable information that is collected on the Site and that Road Atlanta maintains may be available to you. For example, if you created a password-protected account within the Site, you can access that account to review the information you provided. You may also send an email or letter to the following email or street address requesting access to or correction of your personally identifiable information. For verification purposes please include your first name, last name, email address and the password you use for such service.ROAD ATLANTA, LLCAttention: Administration Office5300 Winder Hwy, Braselton, Ga 30517
What about security at the Site?We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with applicable federal privacy and data security laws and regulations to guard your personal information. Unfortunately, no transmissions or data available through the Internet can be 100% secure and, accordingly, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any personal information or other information you provide to us. Road Atlanta works to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input. Road Atlanta does not reveal your credit card number when confirming an order via email. Of course, Road Atlanta transmits the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing. It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when you have finished using a shared computer.
What about links to and from other websites?This Site may offer links to other websites, or you may have arrived at this Site from websites, that are operated by entities other than Road Atlanta. These third party websites have their own policies regarding privacy. If you visit one of these websites, or if you arrived from one of these websites, you should review the privacy policy of that website to understand how your personal information is collected, used, secured and disclosed. Road Atlanta is not responsible for the privacy practices of these third party websites and cannot guarantee the security of any of your personal information collected, used or shared there.
Business transfers and bankruptcyIf some or all of the business assets of Road Atlanta or the Site are sold or transferred, your personal information, aggregated information, and any other information that we have collected in connection with the Site may be transferred as part of our business assets. In such case, we also may retain a copy of this information. Also, if any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding is brought by or against us, all such information may be considered one of our assets and may be sold or transferred to third parties.
Community FeatureAny information, including personally identifiable information, that you contribute to a public area or feature of the Site, such as a user forum, blog, wiki or other open forum on the Site, will be made available to the general public. Therefore, we recommend that you do not submit any sensitive personally identifiable information to these public forums. Road Atlanta is not responsible for the personally identifiable information or other information you choose to submit to these forums.
International UsersAs this Site is operated from the United States and our computer systems are currently based in the United States, personal information submitted at the Site will be processed by Road Atlanta in the United States where data protection and privacy regulations may differ from those in other parts of the world, such as the European Union. By providing personal information at this Site, you understand and consent to the collection, maintenance, processing and transfer of such information in and to the United States.
By using this Site, you signify your assent to the Road Atlanta Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the Road Atlanta Privacy Policy, please do not use this Site. We reserve the right, at our complete discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this policy at any time. We will notify you about material changes in the way we treat personally identifiable information by sending an email message to the email address you most recently provided to us or by prominently posting a notice on the Site. We encourage you to periodically check back and review this statement so that you always will know what information we collect, how we use it, and with whom we share it.
How to Contact UsIf you have any questions or concerns about the Road Atlanta Privacy Policy or its implementation you may contact us at.
This Road Atlanta Privacy Policy was updated in March 2013.© 2013 Road Atlanta, LLC
Tweet