http://www.singaporeolympics.com/privacy-policy/
Singapore National
Olympic Council
Toggle navigation
Home
ABOUT SNOC
Constitution
Committees
History
Mission & Objectives
Athletes’ Commission
Women in Sport Committee
Members
Olympians
Partners
News & Blog
Olympism
OLYMPISM
Singapore Olympic Foundation
Olympic Solidarity
IOC Athlete Career Programme
IOC Sports Administrator Course
Prevention of Manipulation of Competitions
Games
GAMES
Asian Games
Commonwealth Games
Olympic Games
SEA Games
Winter Olympic Games
Youth Olympic Games
Awards
AWARDS
IOC Trophy
Major Games Award Programme
Singapore Sports Awards
Contact
SINGAPORE NATIONAL OLYMPIC COUNCIL
A. General
In accordance with The Personal Data Protection Act (“PDPA“), this Personal Data Protection Policy (“Policy“) describes how Singapore National Olympic Council may collect, use, disclose and manage your personal data. For general information on Personal Data Protection, please visit the Personal Data Protection Commission (“PDPC“) website (https://www.pdpc.gov.sg).
We, Singapore National Olympic Council, value your privacy and are committed to protecting the personal data we have collected in accordance with the principles set out in this Policy and in accordance with the PDPA.
In general, before we collect any personal data from you, we will notify you of the purpose(s) for which your personal data may be collected, used and/or disclosed, as well as obtain your consent for the collection, use and/or disclosure of your personal data for the intended purposes.
We update the Policy from time to time to ensure that our standards and practices remain relevant, up to date and comply with the applicable laws and guidelines. The latest version of this Policy overrides earlier versions and will apply to personal data provided to us previously. You are encouraged to review this page periodically to keep up to date with any changes to this policy and ensure that you are well informed of our latest policies in relation to personal data protection.
B. Scope
The policies define the responsibilities of Singapore National Olympic Council in ensuring compliance to the PDPA by executing good control and consistency in the collection, usage and disclosure of personal data.
C. Appointment of Data Protection Officer
Under the PDPA, there will be a designated Data Protection Officer (“DPO“) to oversee the data protection responsibilities within the organisation and ensure compliance with the PDPA. The DPO can be contacted at:
The Data Protection Officer
Singapore National Olympic Council
3 Stadium Drive
#01-12
Singapore 397630
Email: admin@snoc.org.sg
D. General Principles and Policy
1. Personal Data
“Personal data” means data, whether true or not, about an individual who can be identified from that data or from that data and other information to which the organisation has or is likely to access, such as:
Your full name, NRIC Number or FIN (Foreign Identification Number), Passport number, telephone number(s), mailing address, e-mail address and any other information relating to you which you have provided in any forms you may have submitted to use, or in other forms of our interaction with you;
Information about your use of our websites and services, including cookies, IP addresses, email subscription and membership details (where applicable);
Singapore National Olympic Council’s websites are hosted on third party servers. When you access our websites, data may be collected by the servers hosting our websites. This data may be used to monitor the attractiveness of our websites and improve their performance or content.
Singapore National Olympic Council uses cookies on our websites to track when you view one of our websites. We may store some data on your computer in the form of a “cookie” to automatically recognise your computer or mobile device next time you visit. If you do not wish to receive cookies, please configure your internet browser to erase all cookies from your computer’s hard drive, block all cookies or to receive a warning before a cookie is stored.
The Singapore National Olympic Council email service is powered by Google Mail. Members of the public who use this service should be aware of the terms and conditions and privacy practices of this service governed by Google.
Our websites may contain links to other sites that are operated by third party companies with different privacy practices. We have no control over data that you have submitted to or receive from these third parties.
Photographs, videos and images.
Your employment history, education background, income levels and medical records;
Personal Data of the family members and/or the extended families, such as next of kin, spouses, and children.
The PDPA does not apply to:
Business contact information. This refers to the individual’s full name, position name or title, business telephone number, business address, business electronic mail address, business fax number and any other similar information not provided solely for the individual’s personal purposes.
Personal data that is anonymized, i.e. where identifying information is removed such that the remaining data does not identify any particular individual. The PDPC will consider the data anonymized only if the possibility of re-identification is trivial.
Personal data of a person who has been deceased for over a decade, except the need to make reasonable security arrangements to protect such data compliance with requirements in relation to disclosure.
Personal data that is falsified with the intent to commit fraud.
Singapore National Olympic Council shall be responsible for personal data in its possession or under its control.
2. Consent
By providing Singapore National Olympic Council with your personal data, you are giving us your consent to collect, use and disclose your personal data for purposes set out in this Policy.
3. Use and Disclosure of personal data
Singapore National Olympic Council will only use or disclose your personal data for the purposes for which the data was obtained. These may include:
verifying your identity;
responding to, handling, and processing queries, requests, applications, complaints, and feedback from you;
managing your relationship with us;
processing transactions with you;
receiving and processing donations and issuing receipts;
receiving and processing applications for scholarships and providing scholarships;
sending you marketing information including notifying you of our events and initiatives;
complying with any applicable laws, regulations, codes of practice, guidelines, or rules, or to assist in law enforcement and investigations conducted by any governmental and/or regulatory authority;
transmitting to any unaffiliated third parties including our third party service providers and agents, and relevant governmental and/or regulatory authorities, whether in Singapore or abroad, for the aforementioned purposes; and
any other incidental purposes related to or in connection with the above.
Methods of Collection of Personal Data:
when you submit soft or hard copy forms;
when you interact with Singapore National Olympic Council employees, including during face-to-face meetings or by way of the telephone;
when you submit a request for us to contact you;
when you respond to our request to submit additional personal data;
when you subscribe or ask to be included in an email or other mailing list;
when you submit a scholarship application;
when we receive references from business partners and third parties;
when you submit your personal data to us for any other reason.
4. Withdrawing Consent
The consent that you provide for the collection, use and disclosure of your personal data will remain valid until such time it is being withdrawn by you in writing. You may withdraw consent and request us to stop using and/or disclosing your personal data for any or all of the purposes listed above by submitting your request in writing or via email to our DPO at the contact details provided above.
Upon receipt of your written request to withdraw your consent, we may require reasonable time (depending on the complexity of the request and its impact on our relationship with you) for your request to be processed and for us to notify you of the consequences of us acceding to the same, including any legal consequences which may affect your rights and liabilities to us. In general, we shall seek to process your request within thirty (30) days of receiving it.
Whilst we respect your decision to withdraw your consent, please note that depending on the nature and scope of your request, we may not be in a position to continue providing our support and services to you and we shall, in such circumstances, notify you before completing the processing of your request. Should you decide to cancel your withdrawal of consent, please inform us in writing to the DPO at the contact details provided above.
Please note that withdrawing consent does not affect our right to continue to collect, use and disclose personal data where such collection, use and disclosure without consent is permitted or required under applicable laws.
5. Access and Correction to personal data
If you wish to make (a) an access request for access to a copy of the personal data which we hold about you or information about the ways in which we use or disclose your personal data, or (b) a correction request to correct or update any of your personal data which we hold about you, you may submit your request in writing or via email to our DPO at the contact details provided above.
We will respond to your request as soon as reasonably possible. Should we not be able to respond to your request within thirty (30) days after receiving your request, we will inform you in writing within thirty (30) days of the time by which we will be able to respond to your request. If we are unable to provide you with any personal data or to make a correction requested by you, we shall generally inform you of the reasons why we are unable to do so (except where we are not required to do so under the PDPA).
6. Protection of personal data
To safeguard your personal data from unauthorised access, collection, use, disclosure, copying, modification, disposal or similar risks, we have introduced appropriate administrative, physical and technical measures such as up-to-date antivirus protection, encryption and the use of privacy filters to secure all storage and transmission of personal data by us, and disclosing personal data both internally and to our authorised third party service providers and agents only on a need-to-know basis.
You should be aware, however, that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is completely secure. While security cannot be guaranteed, we strive to protect the security of your information and are constantly reviewing and enhancing our information security measures.
7. Accuracy of personal data
We generally rely on personal data provided by you (or your authorised representative). In order to ensure that your personal data is current, complete and accurate, please update us if there are changes to your personal data by informing our DPO in writing or via email at the contact details provided below.
8. Retention of personal data
We may retain your personal data for as long as it is necessary to fulfill the purpose for which it was collected, or as required or permitted by applicable laws.
We will cease to retain your personal data, or remove the means by which the data can be associated with you, as soon as it is reasonable to assume that such retention no longer serves the purpose for which the personal data was collected, and is no longer necessary for legal or business purposes.
9. Transfer of personal data outside Singapore
We generally do not transfer your personal data to countries outside of Singapore. However, if we do so, we will obtain your consent for the transfer to be made and we will take steps to ensure that your personal data continues to receive a standard of protection that is at least comparable to that provided under the PDPA.
OLYMPISM
Singapore Olympic Foundation
Our Olympians
Olympic Solidarity
IOC Athlete Career Programme
IOC Sports Administrator Course
Prevention of Manipulation of Competitions
MAJOR GAMES
SEA Games
Commonwealth Games
Asian Games
Youth Olympic Games
Winter Olympic Games
Olympic Games
AWARDS
IOC Trophy
Major Games Award Programme
Singapore Sports Awards
ABOUT US
Constitution
Mission & Objectives
History
Committees
Members
Partners
Privacy Policy
PUBLICATIONS
Ready, Set, Fiyah!
Rings of Stars and Crescent
Project 0812
50est
Back to top
Search for:
Copyright © 2020 Singapore National Olympic Council.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. I Understand