http://www.westminstercollege.edu/paying-for-college/financial-aid/scholarships/merit-based-scholarships-terms-and-conditions
Merit-Based Scholarships Terms and Conditions
Home
Paying For College
Financial Aid
Scholarships
Merit-Based Scholarships Terms and Conditions
This is your official notification of the conditions governing your merit award(s).
To ensure eligibility for your merit award(s), you must meet the obligations described
below.
All awards are contingent upon your fulfillment of award "terms and conditions."
The Westminster merit award is granted for eight semesters of study or receipt of
bachelor’s degree (whichever occurs first). Semesters exempted through transfer credit
and enrolled semesters which were not satisfactory do count toward your eight semesters.
Recipients must register as full-time (12 or more semester hours), degree-seeking
students in each term that merit funds are received.
Merit award disbursements are split equally between fall and spring semesters only.
To renew this Westminster award in future years, you must remain in good academic
standing and maintain satisfactory academic progress as defined in the Westminster
College catalog.
A student withdrawing from the college or dropping his or her registration to a level
of ineligibility (below full-time) during a term in which he or she is receiving a
college-funded scholarship will forfeit the scholarship and may need to repay the
full or a pro-rated amount as determined by the appeals committee.
Study abroad and summer-only classes, if approved by Westminster College, can be taken
at another institution without forfeiting your funds.
Students who take approved leave of absence or withdraw in good standing from Westminster
and do not attend another college or university during the academic school year are,
if re- admitted to the college, eligible to renew their merit award based on the original
terms and conditions.
Merit award reinstatement following an emergency leave is reviewed on an individual
basis.
Students who leave Westminster College to attend another college forfeit their future
Westminster merit funds.
If you are suspended from Westminster College, merit awards are not reinstated in
the event of your readmission.
Westminster institutional merit funds are designated only for undergraduate enrollment
and are applied only toward tuition.
Total Westminster College institutionally funded merit awards cannot exceed the cost
of tuition. However, financial aid packages that include need-based aid may be funded
beyond tuition to include additional costs of attendance such as room and board, books
and supplies, etc. Total packages may not exceed the total cost of attendance.
Recipients who apply for need-based financial aid will receive additional correspondence
from the Office of Financial Aid. All merit award offers are counted as part of your
financial aid package.
If, at a later date, you qualify for a higher award from Westminster, your Westminster
merit award may be adjusted or superseded so that you will receive the more advantageous
offer.
Multiple year winners of the Westminster College Science and Engineering Grant are
offered one award.
Students enrolled in the RN-to-BS in Nursing or Bachelor of Business Administration
programs are ineligible for merit awards.
Your acceptance of this award serves as your acceptance for each semester of eligibility.
It will be automatically renewed and applied to your account in future semesters for
which you are enrolled provided you meet all other eligibility criteria.
©