https://www.newcastlepaintball.com.au/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Introduction
This Privacy Policy explains in general terms how Delta Force Paintball protects the privacy of your personal information. We are firmly committed to protecting the privacy and confidentiality of personal information and maintain robust physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect personal information in our care.
What is personal information?
Personal information is information or an opinion, in any form (whether true or not) about an individual whose identity is apparent or can reasonably be ascertained from the information or opinion.
How do we collect personal information?
Where practical we will collect personal information directly from you. Generally this will be collected by us when you deal with us either in person, by telephone, letter, facsimile, email or when you visit our website or centre. We may request information about you when you purchase or make enquires about tickets, products and services; when you enter competitions, register for promotions or when you request brochures or other information. We may also collect information when we invite you to complete surveys or provide us with feedback.
What personal information do we collect?
Generally, the type of personal information we collect about you is the information that is needed to facilitate your leisure activity and bookings and to provide leisure services and products to you. For example, we may collect details such as your name, mailing address, telephone number, email address, credit card number and expiry date (we do not however, store credit card information), dietary requirements (if any) and health issues relevant to your leisure activities and arrangements. We also collect information that is required for use in the business activities of Delta Force Paintball, including for example, financial details necessary to process various transactions and any other information you may elect to provide to us.
We are required by law to obtain your consent to the collection of sensitive information. We will assume that you have consented to the collection of all information which is provided to us for use in accordance with this Policy, unless you tell us otherwise.
How do we use personal information?
We will use your personal information to provide you with leisure related products and services.
We may use and disclose your personal information for the purposes for which it was collected, or for a related or ancillary purpose such as any one or more of the following purposes:
Identification of fraud or error;
Regulatory reporting and compliance;
Developing, improving and marketing our products and services;
Servicing our relationship with you by, among other things, providing updates on promotions and services we think may interest you;
Involving you in market research gauging customer satisfaction and seeking feedback regarding our relationship with you;
To facilitate your participation in loyalty programs;
To analyse trends in sales and leisure activities;
For marketing activities; and
Internal accounting and administration.
Is the information disclosed to third parties?
We may disclose your personal information:
As permitted or required by law;
To various regulatory bodies and law enforcement officials and agencies to protect against fraud and for related security purposes;
To our third party service providers as well as to our related entities;
To third parties such as leisure companies and other service providers for the purpose for which the information was collected or for a related purpose, for example to facilitate and process your leisure activities;
To third parties who may involve you in market research for the purpose of servicing our relationship with you and improving the services we provide;
To third parties for the purpose of analysing trends in sales and leisure activities;
The third parties to whom we disclose your personal information may also be taken to have collected your personal information in their own right, for their internal use.
Where we engage third party contractors to perform services for us those third party contractors may be required to handle your personal information. Under these circumstances those third party contractors must safeguard this information and must only use it for the purposes for which it was supplied, although we are not responsible for ensuring this.
Other than the above, we will not disclose your personal information without your consent unless disclosure is either necessary to prevent a threat to life or health, authorised or required by law, reasonably necessary to enforce the law or necessary to investigate a suspected unlawful activity.
Security of information
Delta Force Paintball has implemented appropriate physical, electronic and managerial security procedures in order to protect personal information from loss, misuse, alteration or destruction.
Delta Force Paintball regularly reviews security and encryption technologies and will strive to protect information to the fullest extent possible.
Access and correction of personal information
Subject to the exceptions set out in various Privacy Acts, we invite you to access and correct any personal information we may hold on you. If we deny access, we will provide you with the reason for such denial.
Opt-out
Should you no longer wish to receive information on promotions and services we think may be of interest to you or participate in market research, kindly complete the enquiry form.
Use of cookies
A cookie is a small piece of text that is placed within the memory of a computer and can be later retrieved by web page servers. We use cookies to enhance your interaction and convenience with our website and do not use cookies to record any personal information.
Linked Sites
Our website may contain links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of any linked sites as their privacy policy may differ from ours.
Feedback / Complaints
We welcome your inquiries or comments about our Policy. Should you have any comments or complaints please complete the enquiry form.
Changes to our Policy
From time to time it may be necessary for us to review and revise this Policy. We reserve the right to change our Policy at any time. Should this occur, the amendment will be posted on our website.
Delta Force Paintball Newcastle NSW
November 10th, 2020