https://www.hsts.biz/gdpr-policy/
Skip to content
GDPR Policy
Home / GDPR Policy
Your Personal Data
You can access our full privacy policy here. To make it simple to understand how we use your data, we have created this simplified information.
Who we are
We are HSTS TaeKwon-Do LTD, the registered address for which is: 7 Whitehill Road, Barton Le Clay, Bedfordshire, MK45 4PF
If you have any questions regarding this GDPR statement you can contacted us at admin@hsts.biz
What personal Information do we collect and what do we do with it?
We only collect and process the personal information that you provide us with. We do not obtain additional personal information from other sources. We do not share your data with any third party for marketing purposes. We need this personal data to manage your time with us as a student, whether that’s training, grading or competing. Unfortunately, if you don’t want to provide us with this information you won’t be able to become a student with HSTS TaeKwon-Do LTD .
Where you are under 18 years of age, we will also collect and use personal information you provide about your parent / guardian to:
contact them about club activities including gradings, competitions, training and other club related activities.
use their name and email address to enable us to set up a Direct Debit to pay your training fees and collect other payments such as grading fees.
We also ask you to provide personal information about someone we can contact in the event of an emergency.
Student Health Data
When you become a student with us we ask you to tell us about any medical conditions that may be relevant in you undertaking a martial art. We only ask for this information to ensure that you are able to train with us in a safe environment where your individual needs can be recognised.
We do not share this information with anyone not involved in teaching, grading or organising and running competitions and only when relevant to ensure your wellbeing. You’ll be asked to give explicit consent for us to hold and process the information for the purpose described above.
Who we share your data with
We only share relevant personal information with other organisations (“third parties”) where it is necessary to enable you to take part in the activity, including where we use a service to manage your contract with us.
MailChimp
HSTS TaeKwon-Do LTD uses Mailchimp as a form of communication regarding newsletters, important dates for your diary and class time changes (if any). The personal information used here is your name and e-mail address ONLY.
Martial Arts Club (non cloud software)
HSTS TaeKwon-Do LTD uses a student administration system called Martial Arts Club. The personal information you provide us with whilst a student is stored in this system, and we use this system to track your training including promotions.
GoCardless
HSTS TaeKwon-Do LTD collects students training fees and other payments using Direct Debits. We share your name and email address with GoCardless Limited to enable them to contact you to set up your direct debit and collect your payments once you are a student
UK ITF
HSTS TaeKwon-Do is partnered with UK ITF. We are required to register students with UK ITF and this is a condition of training with HSTS TaeKwon-Do. We only share the personal information when necessary to register you. We share your name, address, phone numbers, e-mail address, date of birth and nationality.
International TaeKwon-Do Federation (ITF)
If you achieve your black belt in TaeKwon-Do we are required to register you directly with the ITF. We share your name, address, phone numbers, e-mail address, date of birth and nationality.
How long do we hold your details for?
Once you become a student we hold your personal information for the whole time you are a student with us. If you leave us we erase any records we have for you on our direct systems and request removal from all third party systems.
You have the right to object to our processing of your personal information and may do so at any time. However, we hold your personal information as part of our contract with you. If you don’t want us to hold your personal information this will restrict your ability to attend our classes and be a student of HSTS TaeKwon-Do LTD.
Your additional individual rights
The right to access
If you want to know what personal information we hold about you, you can contact us at admin@hsts.biz and we’ll provide you with the information. We have a month to get it to you but we’ll try and make sure it’s quicker than this. You can ask us to provide your personal information in a form that is easily transferrable to another organisation and which can be extracted by software. This is called The right of data portability
The right to rectification
When you are a member of HSTS TaeKwon-Do we ask you to let us know of any changes to your personal information. If you tell us we’ve got something wrong, and we’ve shared that with another organisation as described in the section called “Who we share your data with”, we’ll tell them the correct information to enable them to update their records.
The Right to Withdraw Consent
Once you become a student, we will only contact you with information about being a student with HSTS TaeKwon-Do.
How to contact us
If you have any questions about what we do with your personal information you can contact us at admin@hsts.biz. In the vent something goes wrong, you also have the right to complain not only to us but also to the Information Commissioner’s Office. Find out how on their website https://ico.org.uk/concerns/
Your agreement to process your Information
Further information about how we process your information is available in our privacy policy or you can ask for a copy. By signing this form you are entering into an agreement with HSTS TaeKwon-Do LTD and we will use your personal information in the ways we have described.
Looking to Join HSTS?
Home
Info
HSTS Taekwon-Do
HSTS Instructors
About Our Club
New Starters Info
Frequently Asked Questions
Testimonials
Policy
Safeguarding/Conduct
Cancellation Policy
Privacy Policy
GDPR Policy
Shop Returns Policy
Associations
UTA
UKITF
BTC
Classes
Classes
New Starters
Little Dragons (4-8yrs)
Cadets 9-13yrs
Adults & 14yrs +
Ladies Only Class
Get Started
New Starter
Little Dragon
UTA Enrolment Form
Register Student Account
Times & Locations
Hitchin
Stevenage
Barton-Le-Clay
Events
All Day Training
Black Belt Assessments
Competitions
Gradings
Students
TaeKwon-Do Patterns
What is a Pattern?
KUP Patterns
DAN Patterns
Grading Requirements
Colour Belts
Black Belts
Sparring
Theory
Korean Terminology
Further Learning
Private lessons
Online videos
Founder: Gen. Choi Hong Hi
Zoom Link
Student Forms & Downloads
Home Assessment Form
Shop
Junior Training Equipment
First Aid
HSTS Branded Clothing
Other Disciplines
Private Lessons
Sparring Protection
Training Equipment
UTA Official Club Uniform
Club News
Main Club News
Little Dragons News
Competition News
Contact
0
Login
Search for:
Login
Username or email address *
Password *
Remember me
Log in
Lost your password?
4 free lessons
Days Hours Minutes Seconds
available to new students this month
NEW Students
Any Age
Any experience
free sign up here