http://www.buckeyeplanet.com/forum/index.php?pages/privacy/
This site is supported by the advertisements on it, please disable your AdBlocker so we can continue to provide you with the quality content you expect.
Log in or Sign up
BuckeyePlanet
Home
Forums
>
Follow us on Twitter
@buckeyeplanet and @bp_recruiting, like us on Facebook! Enjoy a post or article, recommend it to others! BP is only as strong as its community, and we only promote by word of mouth, so share away!
Dismiss Notice
Consider registering!
Fewer and higher quality ads, no emails you don't want, access to all the forums, download game torrents, private messages, polls, Sportsbook, etc.
Even if you just want to lurk, there are a lot of good reasons to register!
Dismiss Notice
Social Media
Join!
Our Privacy Policy
BuckeyePlanet's privacy policy/statement.
Last Edited: 4:43pm ET, 8/28/2013
Thank you for visiting BuckeyePlanet.com ("BP"). BP wants to demonstrate its commitment to your privacy. As a result, BP provides the following Privacy Policy that explains how it protects your personally identifiable data. Our goal is to provide an open forum for fans, bring you current and up-to-date information about the athletic programs at the Ohio State University that are tailored to your individual needs and, at the same time, protect your privacy.
PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY. YOUR USE OF THIS WEBSITE AND/OR REGISTRATION WITH BUCKEYEPLANET WILL CONSTITUTE YOUR AGREEMENT WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY. In addition to reviewing this Privacy Policy, please read our Terms and Rules agreement (link available in the footer of every page) as your use of BP's website and/or service(s) constitutes agreement to the terms as explained in the Terms and Rules as well.
This Privacy Policy does not cover information collected elsewhere, including without limitation, offline and online sites that are linked to and from BP's website.
This Privacy Policy may be modified from time to time. Continued access of BP's website and/or service(s) by you will constitute your acceptance of any changes or revisions to the Privacy Policy.
ADVERTISING
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please see http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
BP generally collects personal information with your specific knowledge and consent. For instance, when you register for any portion of BP's services, enter a sweepstakes or contest, or complete a survey, you are asked to provide, among other things, information like your e mail address, name, telephone number, fax number, and information about interest in our services, products, and programs. Optional demographic information may also be requested. The more information you provide, the better we are able to customize our services to suit your needs and preferences.
In addition, when you use BP's website and/or service(s), we may also automatically collect information about you or your computer, including without limitation, the internet address that you just came from, the internet address that you go to next, the internet address that referred you, the type of browser software you are using, the domain name of your Internet Service provider, and your Internet Protocol address. This information is collected and used in the aggregate and is used for, among other things, measuring site performance and use.
USE OF INFORMATION PROVIDED BY YOU
BP uses the information you supply to provide you with the services that you request. For example, if you subscribe to any of our publications, we may use your e mail address to send you the publication. Similarly, if you enter one of our contests or sweepstakes, we will use the information provided to notify you if you win. We may also use the information supplied to communicate with you about new features, products or services, and/or to improve the services that we offer to you.
BP may, as necessary, allow access to our database to third parties that provide us services, such as, the technical maintenance of our website. BP limits such access for the purposes of providing our website and/or services.
As our business changes, we may buy or sell various assets. In the event all or a portion of the assets owned by BP are sold, assigned, transferred or acquired, the information from and about BP's users may be among the transferred assets.
Our website uses cookies (i.e., small bits of text that our servers place into a file on your computer's hard drive). For example, if you register on any part of our website and select the option to save your username and password on your computer, then that information is stored on your computer. We also may use cookies to provide personalized functionality to our website. You have the option to reject cookies by changing your internet browser settings, but disabling this functionality may affect the optimal use of our website.
CONVERSATIONS
Our website offers an in-house means of communication called 'Personal Conversations.' BP reserves the right to read and transfer these messages under extraordinary circumstances, including but not limited to examples such as legal compulsion by authorities, unlawful physical threats or activities, and mass spamming. We haven't had to do this once in the last six years, and we do not maintain administrative tools to accomplish the task. We leave it a difficult undertaking because we abhor the practice under anything less than obligation by law. If you require an off-site means of communication, use email.
Note that you AND the other participants of a personal conversation have the ability to add others to the conversation, any new additions will have access to the entire conversation history to that point.
Similarly, participants may leave conversations, and will no longer have access.
CHILDREN UNDER 13 YEARS OLD
BP' website and/or service(s) are not intended for use by children, especially those under age 13. We ask that children under age 13 not provide any personal information to BP or provide such information to third parties in our message boards or chat rooms. Minors between the ages of 13 and 17 must get the permission of their parent(s) or legal guardian(s) before registering with BuckeyePlanet.
PRIVACY POLICY COORDINATOR
If you have any questions or comments about any aspect of this Privacy Policy, then please feel free to send postal mail to the address below:
BuckeyePlanet
669 Sumter Street
Galloway, Ohio 43119
Questions about our privacy policy may be addressed through our contact link.
Share This Page
Tweet
Your name or email address:
Do you already have an account?
No, create an account now.
Yes, my password is:
Forgot your password?
Stay logged in
BuckeyePlanet
Home
Forums
>
Sportsbook
Sportsbook
Quick Links
Search Events
Statistics
Most Active Members
New Events
Members
Members
Quick Links
Notable Members
Current Visitors
Recent Activity
New Profile Posts
Menu
Search
Search titles only
Posted by Member:
Separate names with a comma.
Newer Than:
Useful Searches
Recent Posts
More...