http://www.nchacutting.com/footernav/privacy-policy
About
Previous Menu
History
Introduction
Industry Terms
Judging
NCHA Shows
Shows
Previous Menu
Aged Events Calendar
Challenger Program and Shows
Eastern Nationals
Futurity
Leveling
Medication Policy
National Circuit Program
Super Stakes
Summer Spectacular
Top 100 2019 Earners by Division
Weekend Events Calendar
Western Nationals
World Finals
Membership
Previous Menu
Active Life Members (non-youth)
Change Personal Information
Chatter Magazine
Convention
FAQ
Family Registration Form
Forms
Hall of Fame
Horse Earnings/Eligibility
Judges
NCHA Membership Application
NCHA Non-Pro/Amateur Application
Payment Schedules
Rider Earnings/Eligibility
Rules & Regulations
Secretary Tools
Stallion/Foal
Trainers
TQHA Membership Application
Standings
Previous Menu
Amateur Horse of the Year
Amateur Rider of the Year
Area Leaders
Horse of the Year (Non-Pro)
Horse of the Year (Open)
Regional 4+5/6 YO Standings
Regional Challenger Standings
Regional Championship Standings
Rookie of the Year
Sr. World Tour Standings
World Standings
Youth Rookie Of The Year
Youth
Previous Menu
NYCHA Home
NYCHA Awards and Programs
NYCHA By-Laws
NYCHA Forms
NCHA Foundation Scholarships
NYCHA Fundraisers
NYCHA Leadership
NYCHA Newsletter
Youth Regional Finals
Contact
Previous Menu
Affiliates
Directors
Executive Committee
NCHA Staff
Show Secretaries
Standing and Other Committees
Trainers
Search
Foundation
Shop
Sponsors
Get Started
NCHA Live
Join/Renew
Quick Menu
NCHA COPYRIGHT AND PRIVACY INFORMATIONThe material on this Web site is the property of National Cutting Horse Association and is protected by U.S. copyright and trademark law. No part of this Web site may be used for any commercial purpose without the express written consent and authorization of National Cutting Horse Association. All rights are reserved, ™®NCHA © Copyright, National Cutting Horse Association.NCHA PRIVACY STATEMENTThe Internet contains a wealth of information; unfortunately, it may also contain personal details about you that you don't want everyone to know. For example, your real name (lots of people on the Internet use aliases, alter egos or nicknames), street address, phone number, or e-mail address. When you go online, sites you visit may be gathering information about you without your knowledge. At National Cutting Horse Association, we strive to help our members, subscribers and customers protect their privacy while enjoying our services.We collect information from our members or subscribers during the registration process and, occasionally, at other times. This information, which ranges from limited personal data such as age and address to facts about members or subscribers' computers, professions, leisure and equestrian habits, is then securely stored on separate servers. National Cutting Horse Association's policy is to respect and protect the privacy of our users.USES OF REGISTRATION INFORMATIONRegistration information may be used in several ways: To enable us to process, validate and verify memberships or subscriptions. To provide advertisers or Corporate Partners with aggregate - never individual - information about our membership or subscriber base and usage patterns. To give National Cutting Horse Association marketing and development staff information that is useful for developing new services that meet member and subscriber needs.IMPORTANT FACTSWe do not release member or subscriber names to any outside organization except certain NCHA Corporate Partners who agree not to sell the list or make it available to any other organization. We do not sell our membership or subscriber lists to any other organization. We may send members or subscribers e-mail notifications of new features, services and topic-based news alerts. Only those members or subscribers who sign up for these announcements will receive them. Members or subscribers may edit registration information or cancel a membership or subscription at any time. We reserve the right to contact any member or subscriber at any time regarding membership and subscription renewals or other NCHA or Chatter-related problems or questions as well as any changes.RESEARCHWe may contract with a market-research firm to conduct occasional online, telephone or intercept surveys. When you're within NCHA Online, you may see a pop-up window offering you the optional opportunity of participating in a survey. If you do not wish to participate, simply click the "No, Thank You" link and you will not see this window again. If you choose to participate, you maybe prompted to answer a series of online questions. Your responses are confidential and will be used for statistical analysis, product development purposes or membership service enhancements only; no information on an individual's preferences will be shared with any outside organization. You will be prompted to enter your e-mail address for validation purposes but no other personal information (name, address, etc.) will be collected as part of the surveys. However, in some cases you might be offered a free gift for your participation. We will need your name and address, which will be used exclusively to fulfill your gift request.COOKIE TECHNOLOGYOur web properties may utilize a standard technology called a "cookie." Cookies were designed to help users move faster through our site by recognizing a user's browser as a previous visitor and thus save and remember any preferences that may have been set while the user was browsing the site. A cookie cannot retrieve any other data from your hard drive, pass on a computer virus, or capture your e-mail address.  Cookies can securely store a user's password and keep track of selections, such as those selected in a "shopping cart." We only use "cookies" to gather the information indicated in this policy and do not use cookies to gather personal identifying information about you.YOUTH (AGES 18 & UNDER)National Cutting Horse Association encourages parents and guardians to spend time online with their children and to participate in the activities offered within this site. The National Cutting Horse Youth Association offers a wide array of activities for youth and their parents to enjoy together. No information should be submitted to or posted at NCHA by guests under 18 years of age without the consent of their parent or guardian. Unless otherwise disclosed during collection, NCHA does not provide any personally identifying information, regardless of its source; to any third party for any purpose whatsoever from our members or subscribers under 18 years of age.No information collected from members or subscribers under 18 years of age is used for any marketing or promotional purposes whatsoever, either inside or outside NCHA unless it is directed to the parents or guardians of that particular youth. Any exception to this will be explicitly stated during registration for any contests or promotions (and in those cases, the information collected will be used only for the specific contest or promotion).Although members, subscribers or other guests under 18 years of age may be allowed to participate in some contests and promotions, if such a guest wins, notification and prizes are sent to the parents or guardians identified by the youth. Publication of contest winners names, ages, or images for individuals under 18 requires parental or guardian consent.We only allow members, subscribers or guests under 18 years of age to receive direct marketing communications from NCHA or to be sent our third-party offers (i.e. Corporate Partners) when they are directed to the parents or guardians. Additionally, only those youth under 18 whose parents or guardians sign specific consent forms will be allowed to be listed on NCHA's Web site.LINKS TO OTHER SITESUsers should be aware that when you are on NCHA Online, you could be directed to other sites that are beyond our control. There are links to other sites from NCHA's pages that take you outside our service. For example, if you "click" on a banner advertisement or an NCHA search result, the "click" takes you off NCHA's site. This includes links from advertisers, Corporate Partners and partners that may use NCHA's logo as part of a co-branding agreement. These other sites may send their own cookies to users collect data or solicit personal information. Please keep in mind that whenever you give out personal information online --- for example, via message boards or chat --- that information can be collected and used by people you don't know. While NCHA strives to protect its user's personal information and privacy, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose online and you do so at your own risk.NCHA's policy does not extend to anything that is inherent in the operation of the Internet, and therefore NCHA's control, and is not to be applied in any manner contrary to applicable law or governmental regulation.SECURITYThe importance of security for all personally identifiable information associated with our members, subscribers or other guests is of utmost concern to us. We exercise reasonable care in providing secure transmission of your information from your PC to our servers. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, NCHA cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or from our online products or services, and you do so at your own risk.Once we receive your transmission, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems. When credit card information is transmitted we use industry standard, SSL (secure socket layer 128 bit and 40 bit) encryption.YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMSBy using this site, you signify your assent to NCHA's Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our sites. Your continued use of NCHA sites following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.SOME NCHA SAFETY TIPSThis is a great place for both new and advanced Web users to find information on using the Internet wisely.1. Keep your passwords private, even from your best friend! Your online service will never ask for them, so neither should anyone else.2. Use only your member name and/or e-mail address when chatting or sending e-mail. Never give out personal information like your name, address, or phone number.3. Always delete unknown e-mail attachments before opening them. They can contain destructive viruses.4. Remember that nothing you write on the Web is completely private - including e-mail. So be careful and think about what you type and who you tell.5. Not everyone is as nice, cute and funny as they may sound online. Never make plans to meet an online "friend" in person.Copyright © National Cutting Horse Association, Inc. All Rights Reserved.EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYERThe National Cutting Horse Association is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in hiring or employment practices for reasons of race, color, national origin, citizenship status, sex, age, religious creed, or handicap.Copyright© National Cutting Horse Association; All rights reserved. Information in this document is subject to change without notice.Other products and companies referred to herein are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective companies or mark holders.