https://www.destinationhotels.com/squawcreek/resort/policies
Skip to content
Open Menu
Photo Gallery
Accommodations
Overview
Deluxe Rooms
Fireplace Suites
Penthouses
Amenities
Resort
Overview
Know Before You Go
Pre Stay Concierge
Accessibility
Policies
Dining
Overview
Montagna
Sweet Potatoes Deli
Six Peaks Grille
Sandy's Pub
Cascades
Oasis Grille
Things To Do
Overview
Event Calendar
Family Activities
Guided Tours
Skiing & Snowboarding
Shopping
Spa
Overview
Spa Services
Fitness Center
Things to Know
Golf
Overview
Golf Course
Book a Tee Time
Rates & Services
Tournaments Form
Meetings & Weddings
Meetings and Events
Meetings RFP
Holiday Parties
Group Activities
Meeting Services
Banquet Menus
Special Events
Weddings
Wedding Photo Gallery
Ceremony and Reception Locations
Wedding Menus
Offers
Overview
$150 Spa Credit | Sierra Spa Getaway
$75 Resort Credit | Stay & Play
Save 15% | Flexible Advance Purchase
News and Special Offer Sign Up
RESORT MAP
Webcam
Navigation
World of Hyatt
Linkedin
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Pinterest
Youtube
Trip Advisor
Resort at Squaw Creek
Resort
Policies
Policies
Resort at Squaw Creek has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this web site: https://www.destinationhotels.com/squawcreek/
This site contains links to other sites. Squawcreek.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites. Resort at Squaw Creek uses Synxis and PlanSoft for its reservations and Request For Proposal (RFP) engines. The data collected in these areas is subject to the privacy statements found on http://www.synxis.com/ and http://www.mpoint.com/.
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. Within these forms, we collect visitor's contact information (like their email address). Contact information from the order form is used to send promotional material from our properties and selected partners to our customers. Customer contact information is also used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
Our online surveys ask visitors for contact information (like their email address). We use contact data from our surveys to send the user promotional material from our hotels and selected partners. The customer's contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. We may run contests on our site in which we ask visitors for contact information (like their email address). We use contact data from our contests to send users promotional material from our properties and selected partners. The customer's contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is used to gather broad demographic information.
Cookies
squawcreek.com, like many other commercial web sites, uses a standard technology called cookies. Cookies help a web site determine that a particular user has previously visited the site; as a result, the cookie helps the site save and remember any preferences that may have been set while the user was browsing the site. Cookies are small strings of text that websites can send to your browser. They cannot retrieve any other data from your hard drive, or obtain your email address. If you are simply browsing squawcreek.com, a cookie may be used to identify your browser as one that has visited the site before. Once you are a registered user of squawcreek.com (and have a member ID and password), we may use cookies so that we can provide personalized information based on preferences you have indicated while using the site. Although you have the ability to modify your browser to either accept all cookies, notify you when a cookie is sent, or reject all cookies, it may not be possible to utilize squawcreek.com services that require registration if you reject cookies.
Resort at Squaw Creek Disclaimer
Resort at Squaw Creek does NOT offer vacation packages via telephone solicitation. Resort at Squaw Creek is not associated with any company making offers of this type, and accepts no responsibility or liability to those who may purchase vacations packages from telephone solicitors. No permission is granted to use, or permit others to use, Resort at Squaw Creek's icons, site address, trademarks and service marks, or other means to hyperlink other Internet sites with any page in the Resort at Squaw Creek web site, and Resort at Squaw Creek assumes no responsibility for any other party's site hyperlinked to www.squawcreek.com or in which any part of the Resort at Squaw Creek Web site has been hyperlinked.
Contact Us
You can contact us in one of three ways:
You can send email to rsc_concierge@destinationhotels.com.
You can send mail to the following postal address:
Resort at Squaw Creek
400 Squaw Creek Road
PO Box 3333
Olympic Valley, CA 96146
You can call the following telephone number: (530) 583-6300 (8 am to 5 pm, Pacific Standard Time)
Make Our Destination Yours
Destination
Hotels.com
View All On Map
Arizona
Tempe Mission Palms Hotel & Conference Center
- Tempe
The Scottsdale Resort at McCormick Ranch - Scottsdale
California
Hotel De Anza
- San Jose
Resort at Squaw Creek - Olympic Valley
The Seabird - Oceanside
The Shay - Culver City
Colorado
Christiania at Vail - Vail
Destination Residences Snowmass - Snowmass Village
Destination Resorts Vail - Vail
Montaneros in Vail - Vail
The Stonebridge Inn - Snowmass Village
Vail Residences at Cascade Village - Vail
Hawaii - Island of Hawaii
Destination Residences Kona-Kohala - Kamuela
Mauna Lani Point - Kamuela
Hawaii - Kaua'i
The Lodge at Kukui’ula - South Shore
Hawaii - Maui
Destination Residences Wailea - Wailea
Hana-Maui Resort - Hana
Kaanapali Alii - Lahaina
Lahaina Shores Beach Resort - Lahaina
Puunoa Beach Estates - Lahaina
Wailea Beach Villas - Wailea
Massachusetts
Wyndhurst Manor & Club - Lenox
Missouri
The Elms Hotel & Spa - Excelsior Springs
North Carolina
Rizzo Center - Chapel Hill
The Carolina Inn - Chapel Hill
Oregon
Sunriver Resort - Sunriver
South Carolina
Wild Dunes Resort - Isle of Palms
Vermont
The Lodge at Spruce Peak - Stowe
Virginia
Quirk Hotel - Richmond
Quirk Hotel Charlottesville - Charlottesville
Washington
Motif Seattle - Seattle
Suncadia Resort - Cle Elum
Linkedin
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Youtube
Search input
Make A Reservation
Hotel
Dining
Golf
Spa
Property
Checkin date
Checkout date
Adults
1 ADULT
2 ADULTS
3 ADULTS
4 ADULTS
Kids
0 CHILDREN
1 CHILD
2 CHILDREN
3 CHILDREN
4 CHILDREN
Rooms
1 ROOM
2 ROOMS
3 ROOMS
4 ROOMS
Promo code
Special rate
Government
Veteran
AAA
Senior
Special Offer
Corporate
Group
Search
Modify/Cancel Reservation
Best Rate Guarantee
Enjoy locally-sourced food, wine that rivals the finest cellars, and cocktails infused with herbs from our on-site garden.
Make a Reservation
Surrounded by six majestic Sierra peaks, the Links at Squaw Creek is a championship Robert Trent Jones Jr. golf course that rests serenely at the base of Squaw Valley | Alpine Meadows near Lake Tahoe, California.
Book a Tee Time
North Lake Tahoe's luxurious Spa at Squaw Creek offers massage treatments, facials, and body treatments. Rated by Conde Nast Traveler as one of the Top 5 Resort Spas, Spa at Squaw Creek radiates with natural colors, materials and textures that bring the beauty of the outdoors in. Soothing water features, Aspen trees, river rocks, and natural sunlight reflect the beauty of Squaw Valley, California.
Book an Appointment
Email
SIGN IN
Sign In With Facebook
Sign In With Twitter