http://www.lcc.org.uk/pages/terms-and-conditions
Skip to navigation
DonateJoinLCC Shop
Your voice for a cycling city
HomeAbout usNews and blogsCampaignsLocal groupsRides and eventsAdviceServicesPressMembershipChallenge events
Terms and conditions
Terms of use and privacy policy
We take your right to privacy seriously. Please read on for more details about our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
Copyright, trademark and website content
All copyright, trademarks and all other intellectual property rights in all material or content provided on this website belong to the London Cycling Campaign.
Visitors are encouraged to download material for personal use, though no right, title or interest in any download is transferred by such downloading.
We must provide permission for the use of any material, trademark or other prior to its placement in the public domain by parties other than London Cycling Campaign.
Photos placed on our site may not be reproduced without our permission.
Online transactions and refund policy
DonationsIn making a donation (including purchasing a Membership) through this website you are donating, unless otherwise stated, to London Cycling Campaign, a registered charity, registered charity number 1115789.When making a donation you may choose to make a Gift Aid declaration. If you are a UK tax payer London Cycling Campaign can reclaim tax paid on your donation under the Gift Aid scheme if you have paid UK income tax or capital gains tax in the tax year at least equivilent to the amount LCC is able to claim. Tax relief may be available for Gift Aid donations.Membership termsMemberships are based on a 12 month period starting on the day of purchase and expiring on the last day of the month of purchase the following year, ie a membership purchased on 15 June 2013 will expire on 30 June 2014, unless agreed otherwise by LCC, eg for gift memberships.LCC membership renewals and new memberships (including third party insurance cover) will be valid from the point you receive an email confirmation from us that your payment has been processed successfully. Once your payment has been received by us you should receive your membership card and/or Welcome Pack within 10 working days via Royal Mail. Once a membership has been purchased, the membership is non-refundable unless due to exceptional circumstances. This is at LCC's discretion.Any card issued with your membership is for use by the named holder only (except Household / Family memberships) and is not transferable.For Household / Family memberships, adults and children added to the membership package must be living at the same address.Membership benefits and prices may be subject to change at any time. No refunds can be made. Current details can be found here. In the event that a payment is rejected by any bank or credit card company then the membership will be suspended until valid payment of the membership fee is received by LCC. If valid payment is not received then membership will be terminated. Any such termination may be backdated to the date when the rejected payment fell due.Membership cannot be cancelled during a period which has already been paid for. Membership will automatically terminate at the end of the period you have paid for if payment is not received for the next period.If you have any questions about a payment made to LCC, please contact membership@lcc.org.ukLCC uses a secure payment gateway to handle online transactions. These systems have been developed over many years, use state-of-the-art technology, and undergo regular scrutiny from banking partners to ensure that they conform to high standards. The gateway in place uses online live authorisation of cards over an SSL encrypted link. We do not store credit card details nor do we share customer details with any 3rd parties.We will refund any transactions found to have resulted from an error made by us.If you believe that your card has been used fraudulently on our site, please contact your card issuer and us immediately: 020 7234 9310.This agreement does not affect your statutory rights.By becoming a member of LCC, you're a member of a company limited by guarantee.In the memorandum of association it is stated that:Every member of the Company undertakes to contribute to the assets of the Company, in the event of its being wound up while he or she is a member, or within one year of after she or he ceases to be a member, for payment of the debts and liabilities of the Company contracted before she or he ceases to be a member, and of the costs, charges and expenses of winding up, and for the adjustment to the rights of the contributories among themselves, such amounts as may be required not exceeding one pound (£1).In the articles of association it is stated that:Publication of notice of meetings in the Company’s magazine London Cyclist shall be sufficient notice of meetings of the Company. Members who have chosen not to receive this publication shall be deemed to have asked not to receive notices of meeting.Copies of the full Memorandum and Articles of Association are available from the LCC Office.
Website traffic
When you browse the website, we automatically collect non-personal information about you, such as the type of internet browser you use or the website from which you linked to our website.
You cannot be identified from this information, rather it will only be used to assist us in providing a more effective service on our website:
for example, enabling us to assess which parts of the website are most popular and make sure that our website meets the needs of many diverse visitors.
Contacting us and your details
When you use our website, you may choose to contact us by sending an email using the 'Contact Us' page found in each section.
We will use your email address to respond to your query, and we will also keep a note of your query to help us improve our service.
Links to other sites
Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of sites that we link to, and inclusion of the link does not indicate particular endorsement of the site or organisation.
We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our website and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information from them.
Our privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this website.
Comments on articles and forum posts
Comments and forum posts are published at the discretion of the website’s moderators.
Comments and posts that are deemed off topic or libellous will be removed, and the visitor in question might be liable to a warning or a ban.
Read the full list of forum rules and FAQs.
Virus checking
Reasonable steps have been taken to protect the website by the use of anti-virus software but we make no representation that the website will meet your requirements or will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that the website or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or bugs or represents the full functionality, accuracy or reliability of the materials.
We will not be liable for any loss of content or material uploaded or transmitted through the website. We do not accept any liability for any losses or damages caused by or through accessing our website.
Data protection and privacy policy
We will deal with any personal information that you provide to us when you use our website in accordance with the provisions of UK and EU data protection laws.
How we collect your information:
We collect the personal information (eg, name, address) you provide when you apply to us for any of our products and services and which is provided by you from time to time.
We will also collect information about you when you register to use the services provided on this website. London Cycling Campaign does not collect 'Sensitive Data' as defined by the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
In order to carry out our charitable objectives, provide the services to which our supporters subscribe and fulfil our legal obligations we process data under the following legal grounds:
consent
legitimate interest
contract
legal obligation
How we use the information we collect
The information will be included within our membership database system and maintained within paper files where appropriate. The information will be used for a number of purposes which are outlined here:
to provide you with the services, products or information you have requested like LCC membership
to process donations or other payment and verify financial transactions
to process Gift Aid donations
to send fundraising appeals
to invite you to participate in campaigns
to record any contact we have with you to help us ensure we provide you with the most appropriate communications
to notify you of changes to our policies
to check on your preference from time to time to endure they are up to date
to ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and your computer
from time to time we may use external data source to increase or enhance the information we hold about you. Further details can be found in the 'How do you work with third parties in processing my data?' section below
How do you work with third parties in processing my data?
Certain third party organisations collect data on our behalf as well as for their own use. We may receive your personal data from thrid party organisations for our own marketing purposes where you have consented for this information to be shared. These organisations will have their own data protection and privacy policies which you should be aware of before signing up.
We may also use other companies to provide services and process your personal data on our behalf, including delivering postal mail, making telephone calls to our supporters, sending emails, processing credit card and Direct Debit payments and analysing supporter trends to help us offer you communications that are more appropriate to you and your interests. We will only provide those companies with the information they need to deliver the specific service and we ensure that your data is treated with the same level of care as if we were handling it directly.
We may also disclose or use personal information if required to do so by law and may use external data for the purposes of fraud prevention, for example to comply with money laundering regulations, or otherwise to protect the rights, property or safety of individuals.
Keeping your information safe
We are fully committed to protecting the privacy of our members and supporters. This is what you can expect from us when you choose to share your details with LCC.
To be clear about why we need to collect your personal information and what we are going to use it for
To make it easy for you to tell us how you would like us to keep in touch
To only collect the information we need to make sure we deliver the best service
Although you can choose to opt in to receiving selected offers from our partners, we will never sell your personal information, or let other organisations use it for marketing
To take good care of your personal information, and make sure it is up to date, safe and secure at all times
To make sure that any suppliers or partners who carry out work on our behalf meet the same high standards that we adhere to when handling your personal information
We do not keep information for longer than is necessary and we will take steps to keep it up to date and accurate. Please note that we may retain records for a time after discontinuing our service to you to resolve any subsequent queries and to comply with legislative requirements.
Your rights
You have certain rights under Data Protection Act in relation to the information we hold about you and these are outlined below:
The right of access to personal data held on you (Subject Access Request) - please write to LCC Membership Team, Unit 201 Metropolitan Wharf Building, 70 Wapping Wall, London E1W 3SS and please note that a fee will be payable as permitted by the Data Protection Act - currently £10 per person.
The right, by notice in writing, requiring us to cease, or not begin, processing personal data where processing it is causing or likely to cause unwarranted substantial damage or distress save as provided for by the Data Protection Act.
The right to require us not to use information about you for the purposes of direct marketing. Direct marketing means the communication by whatever means of any advertising or marketing material which is directed to you. We provide you with the facility to opt out from receiving direct marketing from us as part of our application process. We will however continue to send you information as required by legislation/ regulation, for example notice of the AGM, if applicable.
The right, by notice in writing, requiring us to ensure that no decision taken by or on our behalf which significantly affects you is based solely on the automated processing of your information for the evaluation, for example, of your creditworthiness, reliability or conduct.
Amendments to the Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make any significant changes in the way we treat your personal information we will make this clear on the LCC website or by contacting you directly.
If you have any questions, comments or suggestions, please let us know by contacting the Membership Team, London Cycling Campaign, Unit 201 Metropolitan Wharf Building, 70 Wapping Wall, London E1W 3SS.
Registered Charity No: 1115789
ContactSearchLinksTerms and ConditionsAdvertiseRSS Feed
Back to top