http://www.quickfixgolf.com/pages/privacy-policy
About
Who We Are
Reviews & Testimonials
Free Special Report
Quick Fix Golf Blog
FREE "Quick Fix"
Free LIVE Golf Lesson Online
Free Online Golf Class
Buy and Book Lessons
CHRISTMAS SPECIALS!
Local Golf Lesson Packages
Lesson Membership Online
Myrtle Beach SC Private Lessons
One Day Golf School Myrtle Beach
Richmond VA Private Lessons
Members Login
Members Only Menu
Members Only Clubhouse
Purchase Online Lessons
Golf Lesson Action Manual
Archive of Online Classes
Golf Special Reports Library
Drills Section
Video Upload for Members
Lesson Reservations
Video Locker
Sign in/Join
0
My Cart
My Cart
Close
About
Who We Are
Reviews & Testimonials
Free Special Report
Quick Fix Golf Blog
FREE "Quick Fix"
Free LIVE Golf Lesson Online
Free Online Golf Class
Buy and Book Lessons
CHRISTMAS SPECIALS!
Local Golf Lesson Packages
Lesson Membership Online
Myrtle Beach SC Private Lessons
One Day Golf School Myrtle Beach
Richmond VA Private Lessons
Members Login
Members Only Menu
Members Only Clubhouse
Purchase Online Lessons
Golf Lesson Action Manual
Archive of Online Classes
Golf Special Reports Library
Drills Section
Video Upload for Members
Lesson Reservations
Video Locker
Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyPrivacy Statement
Who we are and what we do: This Privacy Policy covers Quick Fix Holdings L.L.C.. We provide online golf instruction with video analysis and related services through our websites, including Quick Fix Golf.com and our branded applications for mobile and connected devices, and our embeddable video players.
Acceptance and Changes
By registering for, downloading, or using our services, you accept this Privacy Policy, which is part of our Terms of Service. We may modify this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will post any modified version of our Privacy Policy at https://quickfixgolf.com/privacy. If we change the Privacy Policy in a way that materially lessens our commitments to you, we will provide notice to registered users by email or other methods.
Children's Privacy
We do not knowingly collect information of persons who are under the minimum required ages specified herein. Residents of the European Union must be at least 16. Persons outside of the EU must be at least 13. Persons who are under 18 must obtain parental consent to use our services.
Data We Collect About You
We collect information about you when you use our services. In addition, third parties may collect information about you when you use our services. Collected information may include or reflect personal information that could identify you, as well as non-personal information. We refer to your information as "your data" for short.
Account Information
To create an account, you must provide a valid email address and password. If you choose to sign-up and/or authenticate using a third-party account (e.g., Facebook, Twitter), you authorize us to obtain account information from the third-party platform.
Financial Information
To buy an item, you may need to provide a valid payment method (e.g., credit card or PayPal account). Your payment information will be collected and processed by our authorized payment vendors. We do not directly collect or store credit or debit card numbers ourselves in the ordinary course of processing transactions. If we allow purchase through a third-party platform (i.e., in-app purchase), the payment method stored with the third-party platform will be charged.
If you wish to sell items or earn money from advertising through our services, you must provide an account to receive funds and tax information, which may include your name, address, and taxpayer identification number.
Content
Your videos may be viewed and otherwise accessed by others, and associated metadata (e.g., titles, descriptions, tags, etc.) are viewable by others. Your interactions with other users (e.g., comments, "likes," private messages) may be seen by others. You may choose to limit the availability of your profile and videos. For more details, see Section 9.
Other Information You May Submit
You may submit data to us for limited purposes such as requesting customer support; answering a questionnaire; participating in a study; entering contests or sweepstakes; or signing up to receive communications from us or another user.
Automatically-Collected Information
We automatically collect certain types of data when you use our services, regardless of whether you have an account. This data includes your IP address, technical information about your device (e.g., browser type, operating system, basic device information), the web page you visited or search query you entered before reaching us, and your activities.
Physical Products
We collect your shipping address to send you products you have ordered. We may automatically collect data concerning your use of our video devices.
Information Collected by Third Parties
Some third parties may collect data about you when you use our services. This may include data you submit (such as payment information) or automatically-collected information (in the case of third-party analytics providers and advertisers).
We may obtain data from third parties about you. We may combine that data with information that we have collected. For example, some advertisers or advertising platforms may allow us to determine what other online services you might use so that we may place relevant ads on those services.
How We Use Your Data
We may use your data for the following purposes:
•	Identification and authentication: We use your data to verify you when you access your account.
•	Operating our services: We use your data to provide our services, process and fulfill orders, provide customer support, and to otherwise comply with our contractual obligations to you. We (and/or our third-party vendors) use your financial information to process purchases made by you and to pay you amounts you have earned.
•	Communicating with you: We use your data when we communicate with you (e.g., when we respond to a customer support or other inquiry).
•	Improving our services: We use your data to understand how our services are being used and how we can improve them. In general, we analyze aggregated data, rather than specific user data. We may, however, need to analyze a specific case to address a specific problem (e.g., a bug that affects only a few accounts).
•	Customizing your experience: We use your data to personalize the service to you. This may include remembering your preferences for language or volume or displaying videos that you might enjoy, based upon your viewing choices.
•	Marketing and advertising: We use your data to display ads and send you offers. We may also use your data in delivering third-party advertisements to you. This may include "targeted ads" based upon your activities.
•	Exercising our rights: Where reasonably necessary, we use your data to exercise our legal rights and prevent abuse of our service. For example, we may use your data to detect and prevent fraud, spam, or content that violates our Terms of Service.
•	Legal compliance: We use your data where we are legally required to do so. For example, we may need to gather your data to respond to a subpoena or court order.
•	Protecting your information: Where appropriate, we may anonymize, backup, and delete certain data.
We may use algorithms and other automated means to implement any of the above.
With Whom We Share Your Data
We share data with third parties as follows:
•	As you instruct: We may make your profile and videos available to others as you instruct in using our services. We may share your data with persons to whom you have granted account-level access.
•	With your consent: We may share your data with third parties where we have obtained your express consent to do so. You may revoke these consents.
•	Authorized vendors: We may share your data with third-party vendors that help us operate our services, process orders, and comply with your instructions and our contractual obligations. This includes payment processors, content delivery networks (CDNs), cloud-based hosting services, monitoring services, email service providers, quality assurance and testing vendors, fraud and abuse prevention vendors, customer relations management (CRM) vendors, and shipment vendors.
•	Advertising: We may share your data with advertising companies to display relevant ads to you. Unless you expressly agree, we will not share or sell your name, email address, or physical address with such persons.
•	Analytics: We may share your data with persons who provide analytics showing how customers are using our services.
•	Affiliates and advisors: We may share your data with our parent company, IAC/InterActiveCorp, and our auditors and advisors for planning, financial reporting, accounting, auditing, tax filings, and legal compliance. Unless you expressly agree, we will not share your data with our parent or any affiliate for other purposes, such as direct marketing.
•	Certain legal situations: We may share your data where we believe disclosure is necessary to comply with a legal obligation or in connection with a corporate transaction as discussed in Section 6.
•	Aggregated or anonymized information: We may publicly disclose non-personal aggregated or anonymized information such as our number of visitors and registered users.
We use reasonable efforts to vet vendors for their privacy and data security practices. We require that such vendors agree to protect the data we share.
Legal and Safety-Related Disclosures
We may disclose your data in response to official requests (e.g., court orders, subpoenas, search warrants, national security requests, etc.) ("requests") that we receive from government authorities or parties to legal proceedings.
We handle U.S. requests in accordance with U.S. law. If the request originates from a foreign jurisdiction, we will typically disclose information where we in good faith believe that disclosure is permitted by both U.S. law and local law. In all cases, we may raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us, in our sole discretion.
We may disclose user data where we reasonably believe that someone's life is at risk. For example, if we become aware of a person threatening to commit suicide, we may share that person's data with appropriate entities that may have the ability to help.
We may disclose user data to report suspected crimes. We report content suspected of exploiting minors to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children (NCMEC) along with the data identifying the uploading user.
We may share your data with potential transaction partners, advisors, and others in the event our company is, in whole or part, acquired by a third party. In such case, we will use reasonable efforts to require the acquiring entity to comply with this Privacy Policy.
Data Retention
We retain your data for as long as you have an account. We may retain logs of automatically collected information (for internal analytics); your email address; your tax information; communications with you; and your transactional information (for auditing, tax, and financial purposes). When we no longer have a business reason for retaining data, we will delete or anonymize it.
We retain deleted videos on our servers for a short period in case you wish to reverse deletion. Once we delete a video, we may not be able to recover it. If you have previously made a video public, the video or its thumbnail may be discoverable in a search engine's cache for a time. We have no control over search engines; however, we will, upon request, send a request for deletion to major search engines.
If we receive legal process pertaining to your account, we will retain your data for as long as we in good faith believe is necessary to comply with the legal process. Similarly, if we believe that your account has been involved in wrongdoing, we may preserve your data to defend or assert our rights.
Your Privacy Choices
We enable you to make numerous choices about your data:
•	You may choose not to provide us with certain information. For example, you may choose not to create an account or not to provide optional account information.
•	You may change your account and video privacy settings.
•	You may change or correct information voluntarily submitted to us. We encourage you to keep your data current by viewing your settings page.
•	You may opt out of receiving commercial emails from us.
•	You may limit the use of cookies.
•	You may backup your videos.
Account and Video Privacy Settings
Our video hosting and sharing tools offer the ability to limit the distribution of your content, including your videos. This section explains some of your choices.
Profile
Some of our online subscription plans enable you to "hide" your profile or otherwise make it inaccessible on our website. Your profile will, however, remain accessible to persons who have access to your account or content.
Team Members
Some of our subscription plans enable you to grant account-level access rights to others. Persons with such access ("Team Members") may be able to see and potentially alter your data. You may revoke or downgrade Team Member access at any time.
Videos
We enable you to manage the privacy settings of your videos. Your options, which depend on your subscription plan, may include:
•	Public (or "anyone"): Your video will be publicly-available.
•	Just you (i.e., "only me"): Your video will be available to you and authorized Team Members.
•	Selected people: Your video will be available to users you select (such as users you follow or specifically-designated users).
•	Communications from Us
Emails
By creating an account, you consent to receive commercial emails from us. This includes newsletters and offers. Users from certain countries may have the ability to opt out or opt in at the time of account creation. All users may decline to receive commercial messages in their account settings. Please note that any opt-out request may take several days to process and you will continue to receive transactional emails from us (e.g., emails confirming transactions and/or providing information about your account).
Mobile Device Communications
We may, with your consent, send push notifications in our apps. You may disable these by declining them or changing the app's settings. To the extent provided, we may, with your consent, send SMS messages to your mobile telephone for authentication and security purposes. You may opt out of receiving such messages at any time.
Protecting Your Information
We use physical, technical, and organizational security measures to safeguard your data from unauthorized or accidental disclosure. Despite these efforts, no information system can be 100% secure, so we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your information. Users also have a role to play in keeping their data safe. We encourage you to use a unique and hard-to-guess password for your account and to not share it with others. You should only grant access rights to people who you know and trust, and, even then, you should be careful in granting all access rights. You should monitor your account regularly. If you believe that someone has gained access to your account.
ABOUT
Meet the Pros
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
SUPPORT
Help & Support
V1 Sports Login
Contact Us
COMMUNITY
Blog
YouTube Channel
Online Golf Class
American Express
Apple Pay
Diners Club Discover
Elo Google Pay
JCB Mastercard PayPal Shop Pay Venmo
Visa
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube