http://www.englandtouch.org.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to the content
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how the England Touch Association uses and protects any personal information that you give the England Touch Association when you use this website.
The England Touch Association (ETA) is committed to ensuring that your privacy and personal information is protected.  The ETA will only collect and process your personal information where we have a legal basis for doing so and any personal information you provide will be handled in accordance with this policy, our Data Protection Policy and the Data Protection Act 2018.
The England Touch Association may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 1 November 2018.
Who is collecting the data?
The England Touch Association collects your personal information.
What data is being collected?
In order to carry out of functions and to support our members, the ETA may collection personal information from our website or by other means.  This may include:
Name
Contact information including address details, email address and phone numbers
Demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
Other information relevant to surveys
What is the legal basis for processing the data?
Under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the lawful bases we rely on for processing personal information are:
Article 6(1)(a0 – Consent
Article 6(1)(f) – Legitimate interests
You may find useful information on this legal basis on the Information commissioner’s website at: https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr/lawful-basis-for-processing/
Will the data be shared with any third parties?
The ETA will not share any of your personal data unless you provide your consent or we are required to do so by law.
How will the information be used?
The England touch Association collects and processes this information in order to:
Enable the ETA to carry out specific functions for which we are responsible.
Manage membership of the ETA.
Manage events associated with the ETA, including tournaments.
Derive statistics which inform decisions such as the funding can be made.
Direct marketing
The ETA from time to time would like to keep in touch with our members about events and news, other than in relation to their membership. As part of this, we will seek your consent to use your home address, phone numbers, email address and social media or digital channels (for example, Facebook, Google and message facilities in other platforms) to contact you according to your marketing preferences.
The ETA will only send you marketing emails with your consent. Where we’re relying upon your consent to process personal data, you can withdraw this at any time.
You can opt out of any email or text marketing by following the unsubscribe links in any emails or by emailing marketing@englandtouch.org.uk
How long will my personal data be retained for?
Personal information collected will be retained in accordance with legislation and any retention policy the ETA has in place from time to time. All information held is reviewed periodically and usually on an annual basis.
How is my personal data kept secure?
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
What rights do I have?
Under the Data Protection Act 2018, you have the following rights with regards to your personal information:
the right to be informed about the collection and the use of your personal data
the right to access personal data and supplementary information
the right to have inaccurate personal data rectified, or completed if it is incomplete
the right to erasure (to be forgotten) in certain circumstances
the right to restrict processing in certain circumstances
the right to data portability, which allows the data subject to obtain and reuse their personal data for their own purposes across different services
the right to object to processing in certain circumstances
rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling
the right to withdraw consent at any time (where relevant)
the right to complain to the Information Commissioner.
There is no charge for any of the rights above.
You may find useful information on your data subject rights on the Information Commissioner’s website at:  https://ico.org.uk/your-data-matters/
If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please contact governance@englandtouch.org.uk
How can I raise a complaint?
If you are unhappy with how your personal information has been treated by the ETA, you can make a complaint to us by contacting governance@englandtouch.org.uk
You also have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office. You can do so by:
Phone: 0303 123 1113 (local rate)
Email:  https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/
Post: Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow SK9 5AF
There is no charge to make a complaint to the ICO.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this privacy notice, or if you wish to exercise your rights or contact the DPO, you can contact us emailing governance@engalndtouch.org.uk. Alternatively, you can write to us at England Touch Association, 3 Maltby Court, Oldham, England, OL4 5EB marking it for the attention of the Data Protection Officer.
Latest News
Who are your volunteers of the year?
09 Dec 2020
Return to Play update – Stage 3 into Stage 4
07 Dec 2020
Return to Play update for Weds 02/12/20
30 Nov 2020
See all
We are England Touch
We are the players. We are the supporters, willing us on. We are the medals, waiting to be won. We are the touchdowns, waiting to be scored. We are the men and women of all ages. We are the talent of today. We are the potential for tomorrow. We are one team. We are England Touch
Get in Touch
Home
Privacy Policy
Our Sponsors
Cookie Notice
Find out more about how this website uses cookies to enhance your browsing experience.
Accept Cookies