http://www.childrenscoloradofoundation.org/privacy-policy.html
Give comfort and joy to patients and families this holiday season. Learn more >
Why Give
Ways to Give
Get Involved
Events
About
Search
Log In
donate
Anschutz Medical Campus
720-777-1700
720-777-1700
Colorado Springs
719-266-3597
719-266-3597
More Contact Information
GO
Why Give
Our Mission
Your Impact
Where the Money Goes
Stories
Ways to Give
Invest in Healthier Futures
Enterprise Zone Tax Credit
Stock, Donor Advised Funds & Real Estate
Children’s Miracle Network Hospitals
Corporate Partnerships
Crowdfunding for Children's Colorado
Sponsorship
Employee Giving
Gift Planning
Tribute Gifts
Endowments
Shop to Support
Get Involved
Team Children's Colorado
Family Giving
Kids, Students and Schools
Attend an Event
Mighty Millions Raffle
Ambassador Program
Share Your Story
Volunteer
Giving Societies
Events
Upcoming events
Alice 105.9 Cares for Kids
Balloon Ball
Courage Classic
Children’s Classic at Sanctuary
Children’s Gala
Powder Challenge
Little Hearts Luncheon
Host a Fundraising Event
About
Staff
Board
Financial Information
Jobs
News and Press Room
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Effective date: June 2018
Privacy StatementWe at Children's Hospital Colorado Foundation (the “Foundation,” “we,” or “us”) are committed to respecting and protecting your personal privacy. This privacy policy explains how we collect, use, and disclose particular information from you, especially information that could be used to personally identify you. It is important that you carefully read this privacy policy and policies referenced below so that you understand how your personal information may be collected or used when you visit our website or interact with us in other ways. By using our website, you agree with this privacy policy and any referenced policies and consent to our collecting and using any of your information as provided below.
How We Collect and Use InformationLike many organizations, in addition to information we may obtain through communications with individuals and entities, we collect anonymous information from visitors to our website. “Anonymous information” is information that does not directly or indirectly identify you, such as cookies or other anonymous website traffic data. We also collect personal information under certain circumstances described below. “Personal information” is information can be used, directly or indirectly, to identify you, such as your name, postal address, email address, or telephone number.
Anonymous Information and “Cookies”We monitor usage of our website to improve the experience we offer to visitors. In the course of this monitoring, we may collect certain anonymous information from you about how you use our site including webpages visited, searches performed, IP addresses (i.e., the number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the internet), the time of day you visited our website, and other non-personally identifiable information.
This anonymous information helps us improve the site and the services we offer through it. For example, we might use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server; administer our website; analyze trends; gather broad demographic information for aggregate use; or track visitors’ preferences. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information such as name, address, email address, or phone number.
We use “cookies” to improve our website and your experience browsing it. A “cookie” is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. We use cookies to help track visitors’ preferences and usage of the website. If you do not wish to have cookies placed on your computer, you can set your browser to refuse cookies before using our website. Please note that certain website features may not function properly with cookies disabled. Also note that if you delete, block, or otherwise restrict cookies, or if you use a different computer or internet browser, you may need to renew your opt-out choice the next time you visit our website.
Personal InformationYou are able to visit many areas of our website without providing us with any personal information. However, we will collect personal information when you:
Donate to the Foundation;
Create an account or log in through our website;
Sign up as a sponsor or support us in other ways;
Volunteer or otherwise provide your information to us;
Register to attend or host an event;
Subscribe to a newsletter or eNews;
Submit a volunteer application;
Share content from our website through a third-party site that may identify you personally (such as Facebook, Instagram, or Twitter);
Contact us;
Buy a ticket for the Mighty Millions Raffle; or
Voluntarily provide personal information to us in any other way.
We only collect and store the personal information you submit through our website or otherwise as explained in this privacy policy. Except as set out in this privacy policy, we do not disclose, rent, sell, or otherwise transfer your personal information without your consent. We do not sell any donor information to other organizations. However, we may provide some personal information to certain “cooperative databases” as explained below. We may also share limited personal information with Children's Hospital Colorado and third-party vendors who require access to such information to provide professional services to us.
We periodically publish the names of donors on our website and in other communications. If you do not wish to have your name published, please contact us at the email address or phone number listed below.
We may use your personal information to contact you about donations or matters concerning the Foundation. You may also receive periodic communications from us about events, opportunities to give, or other matters by mail, phone, or email. If you prefer not to receive such communications, you may notify us at the contact information provided below to opt out at any time.
To the extent you provide sensitive information such as credit card or Social Security numbers to us via mail or phone, we store it in a physically and/or digitally secure environment. We rely on third-party vendors to handle financial transactions as described below.
Cooperative DatabasesTo facilitate our fundraising activities, we participate in certain “cooperative databases” as do many other reputable charitable organizations. This means that we occasionally contribute certain donor names and postal addresses to a shared database that may be accessed by other participating organizations who also contribute certain information to the database. Note that the cooperative database does not allow participating organizations to identify donors to the Foundation or access donation amounts, but may identify a donor as being interested in a particular type of charitable organization (e.g. child health). Our partner organizations will not have continued access to your name and address unless you choose to respond to their mailings. They may also be required to comply with certain laws or guidelines concerning your information, such as the Direct Marketing Association’s guidelines for ethical business practice. We do not sell your information or share your email address with cooperative databases. If you do not wish to have your information shared with a cooperative database, please contact us at the email address or phone number listed below. We strive to promptly honor all requests concerning your preferences on how we share or use your personal information.
Personal Information through Our Mighty Millions RaffleWe collect information from those who participate in our Mighty Millions Raffle through www.mightymillionsraffle.com. We use personal information provided by you to fulfill raffle ticket orders to provide information on future raffles, contact prize winners, and publicize the names of prize winners. We do not rent, sell or trade our raffle contact lists but we may solicit charitable donations from raffle buyers. If you would like to opt-out of raffle marketing communications from us or do not want your information published, please email info@mightymillionsraffle.com.
Third-Party Vendors and Personal InformationWhen you donate on our website, the transaction will be processed by third-party vendors who are not affiliated with the Foundation. When you provide your name, contact information, and credit card billing or bank account information, all such information is encrypted using "SSL," an industry standard secure technology. This encryption is designed to prevent the theft or interception of the information you provide. SSL encryption is indicated on your web browser by the display of a lock or key on the browser status bar. Our online giving form and events registration are supported through our primary third-party processor, Blackbaud, which provides the Foundation basic transaction data but not sensitive information such as credit card numbers or passwords. In addition to using SSL encryption for all transactions and conforming to the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards (PCI Compliance) for all online payment transactions, Blackbaud stores encrypted credit card numbers and passwords, as well as other donor information, on servers that are kept in a physically secure environment with strict policies that minimize staff access to the information contained therein. Blackbaud is responsible for its own data security and privacy measures, and we cannot and will not be liable for any loss in connection with Blackbaud’s handling of your information. Blackbaud has its own privacy policy, which you may review at https://www.blackbaud.com/privacy-policy.aspx.
Your Privacy Rights as to Health InformationBecause we work with Children’s Hospital Colorado, it is possible that we may at times have access to information that is protected under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (“HIPAA”). We are committed to keeping our patients’ health information private and confidential. Accordingly, we follow Children’s Hospital Colorado’s “Notice of Privacy Practices,” which describes how your child's health information may be disclosed or used and identifies patient rights under HIPAA. For information about how we and Children’s Hospital Colorado protect patient privacy, please carefully review the Notice of Privacy Practices. WE URGE YOU NOT TO PROVIDE ANY CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION ABOUT YOU OR A FAMILY MEMBER, YOUR HEALTH, OR A FAMILY MEMBER’S HEALTH TO US VIA ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATION UNLESS WE INDICATE THE MANNER IN WHICH THAT INFORMATION IS BEING PROVIDED IS SECURED. IF YOU PROVIDE SUCH INFORMATION, IT IS AT YOUR OWN RISK.
Children’s PrivacyWe are committed to protecting the online privacy of children. Our website is intended for adults and young people age 13 and over. Unless we have consent from the child’s parent or legal guardian, we do not permit registration by, nor do we collect personally identifiable information from, any person we actually know to be under the age of 13.
Accounts and PasswordsOur website allows you to create an account to login for certain purposes. You are responsible for taking all reasonable steps to ensure that no unauthorized person has access to your passwords and accounts, whether on our website or otherwise. It is your sole responsibility to (1) control the dissemination and use of user names, activation codes, and passwords; (2) authorize, monitor, and control access to and use of your account and password; and (3) promptly inform us of any need to deactivate a password. By creating an account, you grant to the Foundation and to all other persons or entities involved in the operation of the website the right to transmit, monitor, retrieve, store, and use your information in connection with the operation of the website. We assume no responsibility or liability for any information you submit, including for yours or third parties' use or misuse of information transmitted or received using our website.
Security of Personal Information Transmitted Over the InternetAlthough we take appropriate measures to safeguard the personal information you provide to us, we are unable to guarantee that your personal information will never be disclosed or accessed in a manner that is inconsistent with this privacy policy. We have implemented practices and policies in an effort to maintain the confidentiality of all personal information we gain access to, including but not limited to only providing access to personal information to employees, authorized service providers, or third parties to the extent they require such information for the purposes described in this privacy policy. We maintain administrative, technical, and physical safeguards in an effort to protect against unauthorized access, use, modification, or disclosure of personal information in our custody and control, and we rely on our authorized service providers to do the same. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the internet is 100% secure. While we strive to protect your information, we cannot and do not warrant or guarantee the security of such information.
Legal Requirements and Transfer of Your InformationWe may provide your personal information in response to a search warrant or other legally valid inquiry or order, or to an investigative body in the case of a breach of an agreement or alleged violation of law, or as otherwise required by law (including any disclosures required in connection with our status as a nonprofit organization). We also reserve the right to transfer your information in the event of a merger with a third party or upon a merger or transfer of all or a portion of our organization’s business or assets to a third party acquirer.
Other WebsitesThe only websites to which this privacy policy applies are our website, www.childrenscoloradofoundation.org, and the Mighty Millions Raffle website, www.mightymillionsraffle.com. It does not apply to the collection methods or use of information collected by or for any other site, app, or third-party vendor. Although our website contains links to other sites or apps (e.g., Twitter, Facebook, etc.), when you click on one of these links, you are entering another site for which we have no responsibility or control. We do not disclose personally identifiable information to the organizations operating these linked sites (unless otherwise provided in this privacy policy). You should read the privacy policies of each site you visit carefully to determine how that site collects or uses your information.
Contact UsIf you have any questions about our practices regarding disclosure of personal information to third parties, how we collect or use your personal information, or anything else about this privacy policy, you may contact us by email at info@childrenscoloradofoundation.org (you may reference this privacy policy in the subject line) or by phone at 720-777-1700. If you prefer to no longer receive communications from us, you may notify us by email or phone through the contact information provided above. We are committed to honoring your preferences.
Updates and Changes to this Privacy PolicyWe reserve the right to change this privacy policy for any reason, and may make changes to it with or without notice. Each time this policy is changed, we will revise the "Effective Date" at the top of this page. If substantial changes are made to our policies on collection or disclosure of your personal information, we will notify you by posting such changes on our website and/or through other appropriate communications. If you are concerned about how your information is collected or used, you should check our privacy policy periodically to make sure it is acceptable to you. Your use of our website constitutes your agreement to this privacy policy and any revisions or updates to it.
Stay in touch with Children’s Colorado. Sign up for eNews.
You’ll get timely updates on initiatives and events supporting Children’s Hospital Colorado.
GO
We want healthy futures for all children.
Your support of Children’s Hospital Colorado helps us provide the best in pediatric care, research and quality of life.
Give
Fundraise
Attend
Our Offices
Anschutz Medical Campus
13123 E. 16th Ave., Box 045
Aurora, Colorado 80045
720-777-1700
Colorado Springs
111 S. Tejon Street, Suite 309
Colorado Springs, Colorado 80903
719-266-3597
Foundation Home
Log In
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Disclosures
©2020
nonprofit software