http://www.insidehoops.com/termsofuse.shtml
InsideHoops.com Terms of Use and Service
InsideHoops Home
NBA Basketball
College
High School
Streetball
Forums
NBA Links
NBA News
NBA Rumors
Basketball Blog
Message Board
NBA Info
NBA Scores
Game Recaps
NBA Stats
Standings
Schedule
Transactions
NBA Videos
NBA Features
Fantasy Basketball
Power Rankings
Awards Watch
NBA Salaries
Free Agents
Interviews
Depth Charts
History
Basketball Events
NBA Draft
NBA All-Star Weekend
NBA Playoffs
NBA Summer League
More Basketball
Basketball Sneakers
Business
Playing Tips
USA Basketball
Summer Basketball
Olympic Basketball
Throwback Jerseys
InsideHoops.com Terms of Use and Service
InsideHoops.com
March 18, 2013
SHARE
By accessing this website, mobile site or app (the "Site"), you agree to be bound by these Terms of Service of use, and you agree to use the Site in accordance with these Terms of Service, our Privacy Notice, and any additional terms and conditions that are referenced here, or that in any way may apply to specific sections of the Site, or to any related or unrelated products and services that we make available to you through the Site (all of which are deemed part of these Terms of Service). Accessing our website, in any manner, whether automated or otherwise, constitutes use of this Site. You agree to be bound by these Terms of Service. Your accessing the Site for the limited and exclusive purpose of reviewing these Terms of Service does not constitute your “use” of the Site or agreement to be bound by these Terms of Service unless you further access or use the Site.
InsideHoops.com reserves the right to change these Terms of Service at any time. We reserve the right to impose new conditions on use of the Site at any time, in which case we will post the revised Terms of Service on this website. By continuing to use the Site after we post any such changes or notify you of any material changes, you accept the Terms of Service, as modified.
We also reserve the right to deny access to the Site or any features of the Site to anyone who violates our Terms of Service or anyone who, in our judgement, interferes with the ability of others to enjoy our website or infringes the rights of others.
Rights/Restrictions Relating to Site Content
Limitations on Linking and Framing. You are free to establish a hypertext link to our Site so long as the link does not state or imply any sponsorship of your website or service by us or by our Site. However, you may not, without our prior written permission, frame or inline link any of the content of our Site, or incorporate into another website or other service any of our material, content or intellectual property.
Our Right to Use Materials You Submit or Post. When you submit or post any material via the Site, you grant us, and anyone authorized by us, a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, unrestricted, worldwide license to use, copy, modify, transmit, sell, exploit, create derivative works from, distribute, and/or publicly perform or display such material, in whole or in part, in any manner or medium (whether now known or hereafter developed), for any purpose that we choose. The foregoing grant includes the right to exploit any proprietary rights in such posting or submission, including, but not limited to, rights under copyright, trademark or patent laws that exist in any relevant jurisdiction. Also, in connection with the exercise of these rights, you grant us, and anyone authorized by us, the right to identify you as the author of any of your postings or submissions by name, email address or screen name, as we deem appropriate. You understand that the technical processing and transmission of the Site, including content submitted by you, may involve transmissions over various networks, and may involve changes to the content to conform and adapt it to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices. You will not receive any compensation of any kind for the use of any materials submitted by you.
Your Limited Right to Use Site Materials. This Site and all the materials available on the Site are the property of us and/or our affiliates or licensors, and are protected by copyright, trademark, and other intellectual property laws. The Site is provided solely for your personal noncommercial use. You may not use the Site or the materials available on the Site in a manner that constitutes an infringement of our rights or that has not been authorized by us. More specifically, unless explicitly authorized in these Terms of Service or by the owner of the materials, you may not modify, copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit, translate, sell, create derivative works, exploit, or distribute in any manner or medium (including by email or other electronic means) any material from the Site. You may, however, from time to time, download and/or print one copy of individual pages of the Site for your personal, non-commercial use, provided that you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices. For information about requesting permission to reproduce or distribute materials from the Site, please contact us.
Online Commerce
Certain sections of this Site may allow you to purchase different types of products and services online that are provided by third parties. We are not responsible for the quality, accuracy, timeliness, reliability or any other aspect of these products and services. If you make a purchase from a merchant on our Site, or on a third-party website that you have accessed via a link on our Site, the information obtained during your visit to that merchant's online store or site, and the information that you give as part of the transaction, such as your credit card number and contact information, may be collected by both the merchant and us. A merchant may have privacy and data collection practices that are different from ours. We have no responsibility or liability for these independent policies. In addition, when you purchase products or services on or through the Site, you may be subject to additional terms and conditions that specifically apply to your purchase or use of such products or services. For more information regarding a merchant, its online store, its privacy policies, and/or any additional terms and conditions that may apply, visit that merchant's website and click on its information links or contact the merchant directly. You release us and our affiliates from any damages that you incur, and agree not to assert any claims against us or any of our affiliates, arising from your purchase or use of any products or services made available by third parties through the Site.
You agree to be financially responsible for all purchases made by you or someone acting on your behalf through the Site. You agree to use the Site, and to purchase services or products through the Site, for legitimate, non-commercial purposes only. You also agree not to make any purchases for speculative, false or fraudulent purposes or for the purpose of anticipating demand for a particular product or service. You agree to only purchase goods or services for yourself or for another person for whom you are legally permitted to do so. When making a purchase for a third party that requires you to submit the third party's personal information to us or a merchant, you represent that you have obtained the express consent of such third party to provide such third party's personal information.
Access to Certain Features of Our Site
To access certain features of our Site, we may ask you to provide certain demographic information including your gender, year of birth, zip code and country. In addition, if you elect to sign-up for a particular feature of the Site, such as discussion forums, blogs, photo- and video-sharing pages or social networking features, you may also be asked to register with us on the form provided and such registration may require you to provide information such as your name and email address. You agree to provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by the Site's registration form. If we have reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, or incomplete, we have the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Site (or any portion thereof). Our use of any information you provide to us as part of the registration process is governed by the terms of our Privacy Notice.
Privacy
Please review our Privacy Notice. These Terms include and fully incorporate our Privacy notice.
Responsibility for User-Provided Content
This Site may include a variety of features, such as discussion forums, blogs, photo- and video-sharing pages, email services and social networking features that allow feedback to us and allow users to interact with each other on the Site and post content and materials for display on the Site. This Site also may include other features, such as personalized home pages and email services, that allow users to communicate with third parties. By accessing and using any such features, you represent and agree: (i) that you have read and agree to abide by our Community Rules; (ii) that you are the owner of any material you post or submit, or are making your posting or submission with the express consent of the owner of the material; (iii) that you are making your posting or submission with the express consent of anyone pictured in any material you post or submit, (iv) that you are 13 years of age or older; (v) that the materials will not violate the rights of, or cause injury to, any person or entity; and (vi) that you will indemnify and hold harmless us, our affiliates, and each of our and their respective directors, officers, managers, employees, shareholders, agents, representatives and licensors, from and against any liability of any nature arising out of related to any content or materials displayed on or submitted via the Site by you or by others using your username and password. You also grant us a license to use the materials you post or submit via such features, as described above under the header "Rights and Restrictions Relating to Site Content."
Responsibility for Your Username and Password
To use certain features of our Site, you will need a username and password to create an account. We reserve the right to reject or terminate the use of any username that we deem offensive or inappropriate. In addition, we also reserve the right to terminate the use of any username or account, or to deny access to the Site or any features of the Site, to anyone who violates these Terms of Service or who, in our sole judgment, interferes with the ability of others to enjoy our website or infringes the rights of others. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and account, and are responsible for all activities (whether by you or by others) that occur under your password or account. You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security, and to ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. We cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to protect your password or account information.
You acknowledge and agree that we may preserve content and materials submitted by you, and may also disclose such content and materials if required to do so by law or if, in our business judgment, such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process; (b) enforce these Terms of Service; (c) respond to claims that any content or materials submitted by you violate the rights of third parties; or (d) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of our Site, us, our affiliates, our officers, directors, employees, representatives, our licensors, other users, and/or the public.
Responsibility for what is posted on discussion forums, blogs, photo- and video-sharing pages, and other areas on the Site through which users can supply information or material, or sent via any email services that are made available via the Site, lies with each user – you alone are responsible for the material you post or send. We are not responsible for the speech, content, messages, information or files that you or others may transmit, post or otherwise provide on or through the Site.
You understand that we have no obligation to monitor any discussion forums, blogs, photo- or video-sharing pages, or other areas of the Site through which users can supply information or material. However, we reserve the right at all times, in our sole discretion, to screen content submitted by users and to edit, move, delete, and/or refuse to accept any content that in our judgment violates these Terms of Service or is otherwise unacceptable or inappropriate, whether for legal or any other reasons.
Classified Advertising
When you submit a classified ad for publication on the Site, you agree that the advertisement as it appears on the Site becomes our property and you assign all ownership interest in the advertisement as it appears on the Site under copyright law or otherwise to us. Submission of an advertisement does not constitute a commitment to publish the advertisement, and publication of an advertisement does not constitute an agreement for continued publication. We will accept only standard abbreviations and require proper punctuation. We reserve the right to edit, reclassify, revise, reject or cancel any advertisement at any time, in our sole discretion. Rates and specifications for any advertisement are subject to change.
Modifications to, or Discontinuation of, the Site
We reserve the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Site, or any portion thereof, with or without notice. You agree that we will not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Site or any portion thereof.
Fees and Payments
We also reserve the right at any time to charge fees for access to new Service content or services or to portions of the existing Service content or services or to the Service as a whole. In no event will you be charged for access to any Service content or service, or to the Service as a whole, unless we obtain your prior agreement to pay such fees. If you do not consent to the payment of such fees, however, you may not have access to paid content or services. Details regarding the content or services you will receive in exchange for fees, as well as the payment terms and conditions that apply, will be disclosed to you prior to your agreement to pay such fees. Any such terms and conditions shall be deemed to be a part of (and are hereby incorporated by reference into) these Terms.
If you submit your credit card information to us upon registration to access paid content or services, you give permission to charge all Fees incurred through your account to the credit card you designate. Any additional Fees (other than renewal fees) will be charged at the time they are incurred. If payment cannot be charged to your credit card or your payment is returned for any reason, including chargeback, we may either suspend or terminate your account and all its obligations under this Agreement.
Disclaimers
Throughout our Site, we have provided links and pointers to Internet sites maintained by third parties. Our linking to such third-party sites does not imply an endorsement or sponsorship of such sites, or the information, products or services offered on or through the sites. In addition, neither we nor our parent or subsidiary companies nor any of our respective affiliates operate or control in any respect any information, products or services that third parties may provide on or through the Site or on websites linked to by us on the Site.
THE INFORMATION, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES OFFERED ON OR THROUGH THE SITE AND ANY THIRD-PARTY SITES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW, WE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. WE DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE SITE OR ANY OF ITS FUNCTIONS WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT ANY PART OF THIS SITE, INCLUDING BULLETIN BOARDS, OR THE SERVERS THAT MAKE IT AVAILABLE, ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT ACCESS TO DATA STORED BY YOU OR OTHERS ON THE SERVICE IS NOT GUARANTEED AND THAT WE SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE TO YOU FOR ANY LOSS OF DATA CAUSED BY THE SERVICE OR ITS UNAVAILABILITY.
WE DO NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE OR THE RESULTS OF THE USE OF THE SITE OR MATERIALS ON THIS SITE OR ON THIRD-PARTY SITES IN TERMS OF THEIR CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY, TIMELINESS, RELIABILITY OR OTHERWISE.
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE PROVISIONS OF THIS SECTION ARE A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT AND CONSIDERATION TO US TO GRANT THE LICENSE CONTAINED IN THIS TERMS OF SERVICE AND TO PROVIDE YOU WITH ACCESS TO THE SITE AND SERVICES.
You must provide and are solely responsible for all hardware and/or software necessary to access the Site. You assume the entire cost of and responsibility for any damage to, and all necessary maintenance, repair or correction of, that hardware and/or software.
You acknowledge that by using the Site, you may incur charges from your wireless carrier, internet service provider or other method of internet or data access, and that payment of any such charges will be your sole responsibility. You agree that your use of the Site will be in accordance with all requirements of your wireless carrier, internet service provider and other method of internet or data access. We do not control network access. Your use of these networks may not be secure and may expose your personal information sent over such networks.
The Site is provided for informational purposes only, and is not intended for trading or investing purposes, or for commercial use. Stock and mutual fund quotes, and related financial news stories may be delayed at least 20 minutes, as may be required by the stock exchanges and/or the financial information services. The Site should not be used in any high risk activities where damage or injury to persons, property, environment, finances or business may result if an error occurs. You expressly assume all risk for such use.
Your interactions with companies, organizations and/or individuals found on or through our Site, including any purchases, transactions, or other dealings, and any terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and such companies, organizations and/or individuals. You agree that we will not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings. You also agree that, if there is a dispute between users of this Site, or between a user and any third party, we are under no obligation to become involved, and you agree to release us and our affiliates from any claims, demands and damages of every kind or nature, known or unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, arising out of or in any way related to such dispute and/or our Site.
Limitation of Liability
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, NEGLIGENCE, WILL WE OR OUR SUBSIDIARIES, PARENT COMPANIES OR AFFILIATES BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES THAT RESULT FROM THE USE OF, OR THE INABILITY TO USE, THIS SITE, INCLUDING ITS MATERIALS, PRODUCTS, OR SERVICES, OR THIRD-PARTY MATERIALS, PRODUCTS, OR SERVICES MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THIS SITE, EVEN IF WE ARE ADVISED BEFOREHAND OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. (BECAUSE SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN CATEGORIES OF DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IN SUCH STATES, OUR LIABILITY AND THE LIABILITY OF OUR SUBSIDIARIES, PARENT COMPANIES AND AFFILIATES, IS LIMITED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY SUCH STATE LAW.) YOU SPECIFICALLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT WE ARE NOT LIABLE FOR ANY DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF ANY USER. IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH THE SITE, OR ANY MATERIALS, PRODUCTS, OR SERVICES ON THE SITE, OR WITH ANY OF THE SITE'S TERMS AND CONDITIONS, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE USING THE SITE.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless us, our affiliates, and each of our and their respective directors, officers, managers, employees, shareholders, agents, representatives and licensors, from and against any and all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, that arise out of your use of the Site, violation of these Terms of Service by you or any other person using your account, or your violation of any rights of another. We reserve the right to take over the exclusive defense of any claim for which we are entitled to indemnification under this section. In such event, you agree to provide us with such cooperation as is reasonably requested by us.
Suspension and Termination of Access
You agree that, in our sole discretion, we may suspend or terminate your password, account (or any part thereof) or use of the Site, or any part of the Site, and remove and discard any materials that you submit to the Site, at any time, for any reason, without notice. You agree that we will not be liable to you or any third-party for any suspension or termination of your password, account (or any part thereof) or use of the Site, or any removal of any materials that you have submitted to the Site. In the event that we suspend or terminate your access to and/or use of the Site, you will continue to be bound by the Terms of Service that were in effect as of the date of your suspension or termination.
Digital Millennium Copyright Act: DMCA NOTICES
InsideHoops has registered an agent with the United States Copyright Office in accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (the “DMCA”) and avails itself of the protections under the DMCA. InsideHoops reserves the right to remove any Website Content or User Content that allegedly infringes another party’s copyright. InsideHoops will terminate, in appropriate circumstances, Users who are repeat infringers of another party’s copyright. Notices to InsideHoops regarding any alleged copyright infringement should be directed to InsideHoops via email to Jeff Lenchiner at: editor@insidehoops.com.
Notification of Alleged Copyright Infringement: If you believe in good faith that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement under applicable law, you may provide us with a written notice containing the following:
•
Your name, address, telephone number, and email address;
•
A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been allegedly infringed;
•
A description of where on the Website the material you claim is infringing may be found, sufficient for InsideHoops to locate the material (e.g., the URL);
•
A statement that you have a good faith belief that the use of the copyrighted work is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or applicable law;
•
A statement by you under penalty of perjury under applicable law that the information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf; and
•
Your electronic or physical signature.
Be aware that U.S. law imposes substantial penalties for falsely submitting a notice of copyright infringement.
Counternotice to Restore User Content Removed for Alleged Copyright Infringement: If you believe that your User Content has been removed by mistake or misidentification, you may provide us with a written counter-notification containing the following information:
•
Your name, address, telephone number, and email address;
•
A description of the material that was removed;
•
A description of where on the Website the material that was removed previously appeared (e.g., URL);
•
A statement that you have a good faith believe that the material was removed or disabled as a result of a mistake or misidentification;
•
A statement by you under penalty of perjury under applicable law that the information in your counter-notice is accurate;
•
A statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of the U.S. District Court for the judicial district in which your address is located, or if your address is outside of the United States, the Southern District of New York, and that you will accept service of process from the person who filed the original DMCA notice or an agent of that person; and
•
Your electronic or physical signature.
Trademarks
You agree not to display or use in any manner any trademark, services mark, logo, trade dress, slogan, or other brand features, either registered under the laws of the U.S. or any other country or jurisdiction, or unregistered and existing at common law, belonging to InsideHoops.com unless you obtain InsideHoops.com's prior written permission.
InsideHoops reserves the right to remove any Website Content or User Content that allegedly infringes another party’s trademark or service mark. InsideHoops will terminate, in appropriate circumstances, Users who are repeat infringers of another party’s trademark or service mark. Notices to InsideHoops regarding any alleged trademark infringement should be directed to InsideHoops via email to Jeff Lenchiner at: editor@insidehoops.com.
Notification of Alleged Trademark Infringement: If you believe in good faith that any of your registered trademark or service mark has been allegedly infringed upon by any Website Content or User Content under applicable law, you may provide us with a written notice containing the following:
•
Your name, address, telephone number, and email address;
•
The registration number of the trademark or service mark, jurisdiction(s) of registration, and categories of goods and/or services covered by the registration;
•
A description of where on the Website the allegedly infringing Website Content or User Content may be found, sufficient for InsideHoops to locate the material (e.g., the URL);
•
A statement that you have a good faith belief that the use of the registered trademark or service mark is not authorized by the trademark owner, registrant, or licensee or their respective agents, or applicable law;
•
A statement by you under penalty of perjury under applicable law that the information in your notice is accurate and that you are the trademark owner, registrant or licensee or authorized to act on the trademark owner’s behalf; and
•
Your electronic or physical signature.
No Appeal to Restore User Content Removed for Alleged Trademark Infringement: If we remove your User Content because of a trademark infringement report, you will receive a notification from us that includes the name and email address of the rights holder who made the report and/or the details of the report. If you believe the content should not have been removed, you can follow up with the rights holder directly to try to resolve the issue. InsideHoops does not provide a counter-notice or appeal mechanisms for claims of trademark infringement and disclaims any liability for claims you might make regarding mistaken or misidentified trademark infringement notice and takedown requests.
Restrictions
The Site is intended for use only by residents of the United States over the age of 13. It may not comply with legal requirements of foreign countries. Other countries may have laws and regulatory requirements that differ from those in the U.S. By using this Site, you agree to the transfer and processing of any personal information you provide to the U.S. as set forth in the Privacy Notice under the laws of the United States and the State of New York, rather than under the law of your home country.
Other
This agreement constitutes the entire agreement between us and you with respect to the subject matter contained in this agreement and supersedes all previous and contemporaneous agreements, proposals and communications, written oral. You also may be subject to additional terms and conditions that may apply when you use the products or services of a third party that are provided through the Site. In the event of any conflict between any such third-party terms and conditions and these Terms of Service, these Terms of Service will govern. This agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law.
This agreement is personal to you and you may not assign it to anyone. If any provision of this agreement is found to be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision will be deemed severable from this agreement and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. These Terms of Service are not intended to benefit any third party, and do not create any third party beneficiaries. Accordingly, these Terms of Service may only be invoked or enforced by you or us. You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action that you may have arising out of or related to use of the Site or these Terms of Service must be filed by you within one year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred.
Community Rules
Last Updated: January 01, 2013
This Site may include a variety of features, such as discussion forums, blogs, photo- and video-sharing pages, email services and social networking features, that allow feedback to us and allow users to interact with each other on the Site and post content and materials for display on the Site. This Site also may include other features, such as personalized home pages and email services that allow users to communicate with third parties. By accessing and using any such features, you represent and agree that you will not:
Restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the Site;
Use the Site to impersonate any person or entity, falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity, including the Site, or provide untrue, inaccurate, incomplete or outdated information upon registration;
Fail to maintain and promptly update your account information to keep it true, accurate, current and complete;
Interfere with or disrupt any servers or networks used to provide the Site or its features, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of the networks we use to provide the Site;
Use the Site to instigate or encourage others to commit illegal activities or cause injury or property damage to any person;
Gain unauthorized access to the Site, or any account, computer system, or network connected to this Site, by means such as hacking, password mining or other illicit means;
Obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available through this Site;
Use the Site to post or transmit any unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane or indecent information of any kind, including without limitation any transmissions constituting or encouraging conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any local, state, national or international law;
Use the Site to post or transmit any information, software or other material that violates or infringes upon the rights of others, including material that is an invasion of privacy or publicity rights or that is protected by copyright, trademark or other proprietary right, or derivative works with respect thereto, without first obtaining permission from the owner or rights holder;
Use the Site to post or transmit any information, software or other material that contains a virus or other harmful component;
Use the Site to post, transmit or in any way exploit any information, software or other material for commercial purposes, including content that contains advertising or links to third parties or their products or services;
Use the Site to advertise or solicit to anyone to buy or sell products or services, or to make donations of any kind, without our express written approval;
Gather for any unauthorized purpose, including marketing purposes, any email addresses or other personal information that has been posted by other users of the Site;
Contact anyone who has asked not to be contacted;
Engage in personal attacks, harass or threaten, question the motives behind others’ posts or comments, deliberately inflame or disrupt the conversation, or air personal grievances about other users;
Repeatedly post the same or similar content or otherwise impose an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure;
Take or cause to be taken any action that disrupts the normal flow of postings and dialogue on our Site (such as submitting an excessive number of messages – i.e. a flooding attack), or that otherwise negatively affects other users’ ability to use the Site and/or services; or
Use automated means, including spiders, robots, crawlers, data mining tools, or the like to download data from our Site. Exception is made for Internet search engines (e.g., Google) and non-commercial public archives (e.g., archive.org) that comply with our Terms of Service.
We may, although we are not obligated to, monitor any discussion forums, blogs, photo- or video-sharing pages, or other areas of the Site through which you can supply information or material. However, we reserve the right at all times, in our sole discretion, to screen content submitted by users and to edit, move, delete, and/or refuse to accept any content that in our judgment violates our Terms of Service (including these Community Rules) or is otherwise unacceptable or inappropriate, whether for legal or other reasons. We reserve the right to deny access to the Site or any features of the Site to anyone who violates our Terms of Service (including these Community Rules) or who, in our sole judgment, interferes with the ability of others to enjoy our website or infringes the rights of others.