http://www.rivieramayagolfcourses.info/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
YouTubeGoogle+TwitterFacebook
Riviera Maya Golf Courses
Golf Resorts & Vacations in the Mayan Riviera
Home
Riviera Maya Golf Courses
El Camaleon Mayakoba Golf Club
Vidanta Golf Course Riviera Maya
Iberostar Playa Paraiso Golf Club
Grand Coral Riviera Maya Golf
Hard Rock Golf Club Riviera Maya (Playacar)
Bahia Principe Riviera Maya Golf Club
Cozumel Golf Club
Puerto Aventuras Golf Club
Cancun Golf Courses
Playa Mujeres Golf Club
Iberostar Cancun Golf Club
Riviera Cancun Golf Club
El Tinto Golf Course at Cancun Country Club
Moon Spa & Golf Club
Puerto Cancun Golf Club
Cancun Golf Club at Pok Ta Pok
Contact us
MENU
CLOSE
back
Privacy Policy
Please read the following “Privacy Policy” carefully before using this website. By using the site you are formally agreeing to be bound under all the Privacy Policy hereby mentioned. The owning company reserves its right to update said Privacy Policy under its own criteria as it deems necessary.
The website belongs to Aventuras Unicas S.A. de C.V., Aventuras Unicas S.A. de C.V. reserves all rights to modify any, or every, aspect or feature contained in this website, including its contents, availability schedule and the required equipment needed for its access and use.
Use of Cookies
Our site uses cookies to keep track of your web search and related data. These cookies expire once you close the navigator.
Links and Third Parties
This site may be linked to other Internet sites; these sites are not controlled by RivieraMayaGolfCourses.info, so we inform you that RivieraMayaGolfCourses.info is not responsible for any of the information contained in such websites. The existence of such links does not imply any support by RivieraMayaGolfCourses.info, or any association with its operators. In addition, RivieraMayaGolfCourses.info is not responsible for any of the websites’ aforementioned privacy practices.
Security
RivieraMayaGolfCourses.info is obligated to abide by every applicable privacy law and regulation regarding its users’ personal information. In addition, RivieraMayaGolfCourses.info follows the industry’s standards on the confidentiality of its users’ personal information, including additional measures such as Secure Socket Layers (“SSL”). RivieraMayaGolfCourses.info considers its users’ personal data as an asset that must be protected from any loss or unauthorized accesses. We use several security techniques in order to provide our users a safe access against non-authorized users.
Conditions and Restrictions on Use
A. The user is forbidden from advertising or transmitting any material that violates the rights of others, that is illegal, threatening, abusive, libelous, invasive of the right of privacy, offensive, obscene, profane, or censurable in any other way, or which encourages illegal behavior, provokes any form of civil responsibility or may violate any law in some way. The user must not use this website to advertise or transmit any material that contains offers pertaining to products or services without the express and prior written consent on behalf of Aventuras Unicas S.A. de C.V. The user must not employ this website to advertise any commercial offer, including any requests for other users to subscribe to other on-line information centers that compete with this website. Any action taken by a user that restricts or does not allow another user from entering or enjoying this website is strictly prohibited.
B. This website contains copyright-protected material, registered brands and other commercial rights, including, and not limited to, texts, software, photographs, videos, graphic material, music and sounds. The contents of this website is protected by the Mexican copyright laws. The user shall not modify, publish, transmit, show, participate in the transference or sale of, create derivative works, or exploit any, or all, of the contents in this website in any way. The user is allowed to make a single copy of the copyright-protected material contained in the website exclusively for his/her personal, non-commercial, domestic use. In exception to the material expressly allowed by copyright laws, the copying, redistributing, retransmitting, publishing or commercializing of any material downloaded from this site is prohibited, and will not be allowed without the express, written consent of Aventuras Unicas S.A. de C.V. In case the copying, redistribution or publishing of any of the copyright-protected material, its copyright, author, commercial brands or labels must be duly mentioned, and must never be eliminated. The user acknowledges that by downloading copyright-protected material, he/she does not acquire any property right over said material.
C. The user may not upload, present, or make available in any way, a brand name, copyright or property rights-protected material available in another website without the express, written consent of the brand name, copyright or property rights-protected material’s owner. It is the user’s exclusive responsibility to determine if said material is not copyright-protected. The user will be directly and exclusively liable for any, or all, the damages caused by a violation of copyright or property laws or for any other damage caused by such presentation. By presenting material in any of the website’s areas, which are accessible to the public, the user automatically grants or guarantees that its proprietor has expressly allowed Aventuras Unicas S.A. de C.V. the universal, perpetual, irrevocable, but not exclusive, use to reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, show, translate and distribute said material partially and totally, and may also be included in other derivative works, media and present or future technology. The user will likewise grant access to any other users to the submitted material, as well as authorization to look at, keep or copy for their personal use. The user also grants Aventuras Unicas S.A. de C.V. the right to edit, copy, show, publish and distribute any material made available on the website.
D. The aforementioned Privacy Policy stipulated in Conditions and Restrictions on Use have been included, and must be interpreted in favor of Aventuras Unicas S.A. de C.V., its subsidiaries, affiliates and providers of independent contents, as well as contributors; each will have the right to claim and exercise their rights in their own benefit.
E. Limitation of Liability. The user explicitly accepts that the use of this website will be under his/her own risk. Neither Aventuras Unicas S.A. de C.V. nor its affiliates, providers of independent contents or its contributors guarantee that access to the website will remain without interruptions, or that it is free of error: it also does not guarantee any obtainable results from the use of the site, or the trustworthiness of the information or services mentioned within it.
The website is offered “as is” without any explicit or implicit guarantee of any kind, including, and not limited to, the title warranties, implicit commercializing guarantees or abilities for a particular purpose, except for the guarantees implied in the current and applicable laws, which are therefore not subject to exclusions, restrictions or modifications. In addition, there are no guarantees regarding the results that may be obtained through the use of this website.
The user acknowledges that the dispositions set forth in this section will apply on the use and contents of this website. The applicable laws may not allow the limitations or exclusions of liability, as well as incidental or consequential damages; thereof, the aforementioned specific limitations may not apply to certain users. Under no circumstance shall Aventuras Unicas S.A. de C.V. be held totally accountable for any damage, loss, right of action, be it under contract or as a consequence of a misdemeanor (including by his/her own negligence), or under any other legal theory (including absolute responsibility) suffered by the user in an sum exceeding the amount paid by the him/her, if there was any, to access this website.
F. Monitoring. Aventuras Unicas S.A. de C.V. reserves the right, but is not obligated to, monitor the contents of the website to determine the compliance of these Privacy Policies, as well as any other rules of use and operation established by Aventuras Unicas S.A. de C.V. to abide with any law or government requirement. Aventuras Unicas S.A. de C.V. reserves its right to eliminate any material, which is considered to violate the Privacy Policy hereby established, or that are found to be censurable in any way, according to its own absolute criteria.
G. Compensation. The user commits to defend, compensate and to protect Aventuras Unicas S.A. de C.V., its affiliates, agents, directors, officials and employees against any claim, action, lawsuit, damage, cost, responsibility, loss and expense (including reasonable legal fees) that may result from the use of this website.
H. Commercial brands. The name “Aventuras Unicas S.A. de C.V.” & “RivieraMayaGolfCourses.info” as well as each of its logos, are commercial brands with all rights reserved. Every other commercial brand that may appear in the website is either self-owned, or has granted the appropriate licensing for its use.
I. Change of Terms. Aventuras Unicas S.A. de C.V. reserves its right to modify the Privacy Policy applicable for the use of this website, partial or totally, at any given time, as well as to establish any additional Privacy Policy.
Miscellaneous Provisions
These Privacy Policies for the use of this website constitute an integral agreement between the involved parties in regard to the issues set forth in the present document, and replace any previous oral or written agreement on the aforementioned issues between the parties. No claim withdrawal from a violation or breach of any previous oral or written agreement stated in the present document should be considered a withdrawal from a claim on any previous or subsequent violation or breach. The titles of each section used in the present document are simply to be used as a reference, and should not be endowed with any legal effect.
Need assistance?
Contact us Now for Immediate Concierge Service
Name *
E-mail *
Message
Submitclear
Questions? Feedback? powered by Olark live chat software
Copyright 2016 RivieraMayaGolfCourses.info
About
Term & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Contact us
Footer