https://www.mtbaker.us/ski-area-info/privacy-policy
OPEN FOR THE SEASON! See SNOW REPORT for important daily operations info.
Menu
Home
Snow Report
Prices
Season Passes
Season Pass COVID Credit Assurance
Baker Exchange
Canadian Season Pass Info
Lift Tickets
Rentals
Ticket Programs
5th Grade Ride Free
Powder Pups Program
Instruction
Ski Area Info
Contact Info
Lost and Found
FAQ
Travel Info
Directions
Accommodations
Operations Calendar
Trail Map
Jobs
Gallery
Grab & Go Menu
COVID-19 Info
Mask Accommodation Policy
Events
Film Fest
Santa Photos
Legendary Banked Slalom
LLBS
Family Week
Golden Egg Hunt
Music on the Mountain
Mtn Safety
Mountain Safety
COVID-19 Polices & Responsibilities
Mountain Safety Guidelines
Backcountry Policy
Closed Areas & Rope Lines
Extreme Danger Zone
Canyon Zone
Gunners Zone
Tree Well & Deep Snow Safety
Using Chairlifts
Arm Bars
Carrying Backpacks
No Children in Packs
Kids On LIfts
Slow Zones
No Open Container Policy
Drone Policy
No Sledding Policy
No Smoking or Vaping In Public Places
Volunteer Patrol
Advisories
Mountain Education
Mountain Education Center
MEC Intro to Avalanche Safety
MEC Advanced Avalanche Safety
MEC Companion Rescue Skills
Avalanche Casualty Care Course
Mt. Baker Snow School Program
Shop
/ Ski Area Info / Privacy Policy
MT. BAKER SKI AREA, INC. Our Personal Information Privacy Policies and PracticesYup, it’s the world we live in these days that, in the course of normal business, sometimes we need you to voluntarily provide a limited amount of personal information and/or credit card or billing info in order for us to be able to complete the transaction(s) you request and/or provide you our products or services.
We recognize the importance of protecting the privacy of those who may provide us with such information and outlined below are some of our policies and practices regarding the privacy and protection of personal info within the course of our business.
Additional privacy policies may exist regarding personal health information and other non-sales related personal information collection.
What Information Is Voluntarily Collected? On occasion we may collect the following information for reasons outlined below in the “Why Is This Information Collected?”:
personal information such as first name, last name, birth date, email addresses, addresses, etc.
credit card and/or billing information
Any information provided is voluntary.
Any information for minors is voluntarily provided and with permission from participant and/or the parent/legal guardian.
Why Is This Information Collected? We collect and use this information only as it is directly related to the following:
sale of a products or services,
participation in activities, and services provided by Mt. Baker,
participant support,
customer service
We use personal information for the following purposes:
to provide the products or services being purchased,
to contact participants with any pertinent information regarding the status or use of the product or services purchased and/or the use of Mt. Baker facilities and/or services,
to notify program participants of program updates,
to provide general customer service correspondence,
for general marketing or promotional purposes, such as annual season pass postcard mailings and instruction program enrollment date reminders,
to provide necessary information to emergency medical services, as needed,
as required for credit card processing,
to contact designated emergency contacts,
as related to enforcement or notification of Mt. Baker Ski Area Policies and Guidelines or business practices,
and as required by law.
*Users may opt-out of certain communications by emailing to@mtbaker.us with the opt-out request.
How and With Whom Do We Share This Information? We do not sell your information to third parties.
Under limited circumstances, we may disclose personal information to third parties, such as providing:
credit card and billing information to credit card processors only as required to complete a credit card transaction,
personal information to law enforcement officials due to safety concerns or considerations,
personal information to third party program coordinators or organizations, such as Komo Kulshan Ski Club or Winter Ride Program Administrators only as it directly relates to the enrolled participants,
and name and birth date of current season’s season pass holders to Mt. Hood Meadow’s only as it relates to validation for the Season Pass Exchange Program,
medical information - only as permissible by law and as per HIPAAHow Do We Protect This Information?We take reasonable steps to safeguard the integrity of our data and prevent unauthorized access to information we collect or maintain.
These measures are designed and intended to prevent corruption of data, block unknown or unauthorized access to our systems and information, and to provide reasonable protection of information in our possession.
These measures include, but are not limited to:
staff training and access restriction procedures
employee confidentiality policies
password protection
data encryption
credit card numbers are not linked to guests or accounts
credit card numbers are not kept on file for future useWhat about links to other websites? This website may contain links to other websites.
Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of third-party websites.
We encourage you to read the privacy statements of any other website that may collect personally identifiable information.
We may update these policies from time-to-time
These privacy policies and practices may be changed from time-to-time.
If you have any concerns or considerations regarding these privacy policies and practices, please contact Ashleigh or Amy at 360-734-6771 or via email at to@mtbaker.us.