https://www.rmhorse.com/privacy-policy/
RMHA Privacy Policy
Rocky Mountain Horse Association (“RMHA” or the “Association”) and its subsidiaries and related organizations take your right to privacy and the protection of your personal data seriously. For decades, we have successfully protected data related to the registration, ownership and membership records of millions of Rocky Mountain Horses and of thousands of RMHA members. This Privacy Policy is intended to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage and control your information. By using the RMHA website (the “Site”) or providing information to RMHA, you signify your acceptance of this Privacy Policy.
Information RMHA Collects
RMHA is committed to serving the global horse community. As such, people have the opportunity to engage with RMHA in a number of different ways, and the personal information we collect differs depending on the way in which you are engaging with RMHA. To keep things simple, we will describe the RMHA audience as two separate groups: Association members and community members.
From our Association members, we collect personal and contact information such as name, address, telephone number, and email address.
If you are the owner of a registered Rocky Mountain Horse, we also connect your Association member ID to the registration records of your horses. We collect and store data related to the competition record, achievements and produce/offspring of the horses you own, breed or compete with.
Whether you are an Association member or a community member, you can visit our Site, fill out forms, and take advantage of activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. You can also create an online account at RMHA.com. When you use our Site or create an account, you may be asked for, as appropriate, personal information that includes your name, password, address, email address, phone number, and other information. You can always refuse to supply personally identification information to us; however, refusing to provide such information may prevent you from engaging in certain Site-related activities.
When you’re not signed in to RMHA Member Services, we store the information we collect with unique identifiers tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using. Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance your experience. Your web browser places cookies on your hard drive for record-keeping purposes and to identify you should you visit the Site again. This helps us do things like maintain your language and content preferences across browsing sessions. You may choose to set your web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you reject cookies, you may still use the Site but please note that some parts of the Site may be limited or not function properly.
When you’re signed in to member services, we also collect information that we store with your member account.
Whether or not you have a member account, you might choose to provide us with information — such as an email address to receive updates and information from RMHA, our corporate partners or our publications. Some of our email communications are provided by third party service providers. When you subscribe to our email newsletter, we collect information related to your IP address, device, browser, screen size and any links you click.
In some cases, RMHA contracts with third party service providers to help make business practices more efficient. These third party service providers may collect your personal information on RMHA’s behalf. Third party service providers enter into contracts with RMHA, and these contracts include confidentiality requirements and the measures the third party service provider takes to ensure that your data is protected.
Why RMHA Collects Data
RMHA uses the information we collect from the various ways you engage with us for the following purposes:
To preserve the integrity of the Rocky Mountain Horse breed registry through properly recording registration and ownership information.
To serve our Association members by communicating effectively with them through a variety of methods, including postal mail, phone, email, facsimile and other types of correspondence.
To provide our Association and community members with helpful information from RMHA, our corporate partners and our publications.
To improve our services by learning about and communicating with the people our services impact the most: you, our Association and community members around the world.
To enable RMHA to process, validate and verify memberships or subscriptions.
To provide advertisers or corporate partners with aggregate – never individual – information about our membership or subscriber base and usage patterns.
To give RMHA marketing and development staff information that is useful for developing new services that meet member and subscriber needs.
It is important for you to know that RMHA does not release member or subscriber names to any outside organization except certain RMHA corporate partners who agree not to sell the list or make it available to any other organization, or as otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy. We do not sell our membership or subscriber lists to any other organization.
We may also disclose any collected information, including personally identifiable information, if: (1) the disclosure is necessary or useful to our provision of services; (2) we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, interests, or property; (3) we are acting in good faith to protect your safety or the safety of others, to investigate fraud, or to respond to a government request; (4) we believe in good faith the disclosure is required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, search warrant, court order, or similar legal or administrative process; and (5) a third party purchases or otherwise acquires us or the Site, in which case your information will likely be among the assets transferred.
Although members, subscribers or other guests under 18 years of age are allowed to participate in some contests and promotions, publication of contest winners’ names, ages or images for individuals under 18 requires parental or guardian consent.
How RMHA Keeps Your Personal Information Secure
The importance of security for all personally identifiable information associated with our Association and community members is of utmost concern to us. We exercise reasonable care in providing secure transmission of your information from your PC to our servers. Access to customer data via the RMHA website is encrypted via industry standard security tools. While we strive to protect your personal information, RMHA cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or from our online products or services, and you do so at your own risk.
Once we receive your transmission, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems. When credit card information is transmitted, we use industry standard, SSL encryption. We reserve the right to store your personal data for the amount of time we reasonably determine to be necessary in order to perform the purposes for which that information was collected or otherwise processed.
Your RMHA member account is password protected so that only you can access it and view the member information relevant to your account. We recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone. RMHA will never ask you for your password in an unsolicited phone call or email. Ultimately, you are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords and any account information.
How You Can Manage and Control Your Personal Information
By using the RMHA website, newsletters and/or Association services, you signify your assent to RMHA’s Privacy Policy. Your continued use of RMHA sites following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.
While use of our services signifies your consent to the RMHA Privacy Policy, you have options regarding how to manage and control your personal data. Currently, you can update your personal information by contacting RMHA via phone, email, mail or other communication methods.
At any time, you can opt out of (unsubscribe from) email newsletters RMHA sends you regarding RMHA, our corporate partners or our publications. However, if you are an Association member, you cannot opt out of communication required to conduct normal business with RMHA.
In certain circumstances, you may request to have your personal information deleted by RMHA. However, because of the historical importance of accurate registration and ownership records related to the integrity of the studbook, your Association member information will not be removed from records related to registered Rocky Mountain Horses. Additionally, RMHA must retain historic data related to charitable giving records.
Changes to this privacy policy
We have the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will post a notification on the main page of our Site. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Children’s Privacy
The Site is not designed to solicit or collect data from individuals under the age of 13. In accordance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), we do not knowingly collect any personal information, even in aggregate, from children under the age of 13. If we discover we have received any information from a child under the age of 13 in violation of this policy, we will delete that information within a reasonable time. If you believe that we have any information collected from anyone under the age of 13, please contact us at the contact points specified below.
Your California Privacy Rights
Under California’s “Shine the Light” law, California residents who provide personal information in obtaining products or services for personal, family, or household use are entitled to request and obtain from us once a calendar year information about the customer information we shared, if any, with other businesses for their own direct marketing uses. If applicable, this information would include the categories of customer information and the names and addresses of those businesses with which we shared customer information for the immediately prior calendar year (e.g., requests made in 2013 will receive information regarding 2012 sharing activities).
To obtain this information in connection with information collected through the Site, please send an email message to info@rmha.com with “Request for California Privacy Information” in the subject line and in the body of your message. We will provide the requested information to you at your e-mail address in response.
California Do Not Track Disclosures
We do not collect personally identifiable information about users’ online activities over time and across third-party web sites or online services. For this reason, at this time, the Site does not respond to “do not track” signals. Third parties may collect personally identifiable information through the Site as described in this Privacy Policy.
International Transfer
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to and maintained on computers located outside of your state, province, country, or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us, please note we transfer your information, including Personal Data, to the United States and process it there. Your submission of information to us represents your consent to that transfer. Please note the EU has not adopted an adequacy decision with respect to data transfers to the United States, nor are we a participant in the EU-US Privacy Shield; however, we value your privacy and protect your data using reasonable information security practices.
EU Data
Individuals in the European Union (EU) may have certain rights with respect to their personally identifiable information which is protected by law (“Personal Data”), including the rights to:
request access to and rectification or erasure of your Personal Data;
request information about our processing, including categories of your Personal Data collected, information about the source of that collection, the purposes of processing, the recipients or categories of recipient to whom your Personal Data has been or will be disclosed;
restrict or object to how we process your Personal Data;
withdraw your consent for us to process your Personal Data in some circumstances;
lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority; and
receive your Personal Data provided to us or have that Personal Data transmitted to another controller without hindrance (also known as “data portability”)
To exercise any of these rights please contact us at: info@rmha.com.
We reserve the right to ask for information verifying your identity prior to disclosing any information to you. Should we ask for verification, the information you provide to verify your identity will be used only for that purpose, and all copies of this information in our possession will be destroyed when the process is complete.
Questions?
Please reach out to RMHA at info@RMHA.com if you have questions about our privacy policy or the ways in which we protect your personal information.