https://www.mercury.net/privacy.php
Sales: 989.837.3790
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Mercury Network takes your privacy seriously. Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy.
What This Privacy Policy Covers
This policy covers how Mercury Network treats personal information that Mercury Network collects and receives, including information related to your past use of Mercury Network products and services. Personal information is information about you that is personally identifiable like your name, address, e-mail address, or phone number, and that is not otherwise publicly available.
This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Mercury Network does not own or control, or to people that Mercury Network does not employ or manage.
Information Collection and Use
Mercury Network collects personal information when you register with Mercury Network, when you use Mercury Network products or services, when you visit Mercury Network pages or the pages of certain Mercury Network partners, and when you enter promotions or sweepstakes. Mercury Network may combine information about you that we have with information we obtain from business partners or other companies.
When you register we ask for information such as your name, e-mail address, birth date, and address. When you register with Mercury Network and sign in to our services, you are not anonymous to us.
Mercury Network collects information about your transactions with us and with some of our business partners.
Mercury Network automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser, including your IP address, Mercury Network cookie information, and the page you request.
Mercury Network uses information for the following general purposes: to customize the advertising and content you see, fulfill your requests for products and services, improve our services, contact you, conduct research, and provide anonymous reporting for internal and external clients.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
Mercury Network does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or non-affiliated companies except to provide products or services you've requested, when we have your permission, or under the following circumstances:
We provide the information to trusted partners who work on behalf of or with Mercury Network under confidentiality agreements. These companies may use your personal information to help Mercury Network communicate with you about offers from Mercury Network and our marketing partners. However, these companies do not have any independent right to share this information.
We respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims;
We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of Mercury Network's terms of use, or as otherwise required by law.
We transfer information about you if Mercury Network is acquired by or merged with another company.
Mercury Network displays targeted advertisements based on personal information. Advertisers (including ad serving companies) may assume that people who interact with, view, or click on targeted ads meet the targeting criteria, for example, people ages 18-24 from a particular geographic area.
Mercury Network does not provide any personal information to the advertiser when you interact with or view a targeted ad. However, by interacting with or viewing an ad you are consenting to the possibility that the advertiser will make the assumption that you meet the targeting criteria used to display the ad.
Mercury Network advertisers include financial service providers (such as banks, insurance agents, stock brokers and mortgage lenders) and non-financial companies (such as stores, airlines, and software companies).
Cookies
Mercury Network may set and access Mercury Network cookies on your computer.
Mercury Network lets other companies that show advertisements on some of our pages set and access their cookies on your computer. Other companies' use of their cookies is subject to their own privacy policies, not this one. Advertisers or other companies do not have access to Mercury Network's cookies.
Your Ability to Edit and Delete Your Account Information and Preferences
You can edit your Mercury Network Account Information at any time.
We reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to the Mercury Network service, such as service announcements, administrative messages and the Mercury Network Newsletter, that are considered part of your Mercury Network account, without offering you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving them.
Confidentiality and Security
We limit access to personal information about you to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs.
We have physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to protect personal information about you.
Your Mercury Network Account Information is password-protected.
In certain areas Mercury Network uses industry-standard SSL-encryption to protect data transmissions.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Mercury Network may update this policy. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary e-mail address specified in your Mercury Network account or by placing a prominent notice on our site.
Questions and Suggestions
If you have questions or suggestions, please complete our feedback form or contact us at:
Mercury Network Corporation
Attn: Customer Service
2719 Ashman Street
Midland, MI 48640
989-837-3790 extension 3
Questions or Comments? Contact Us Today: 989-837-3790 (ext. 3). Contact Us