https://www.nordicmountain.com/privacy-policy
Privacy PolicyReturn Policy:
Please note: Season Passes are non-refundable, non-transferable, and may not be resold. If you cannot use your pass due to lack of snow, medical reasons, pregnancy, divorce, moving away or any other reason, you will not receive a refund. However, if you protect your investment with Season Pass Insurance and you are not able to use your pass for medical reasons, we'll give you a pro-rated credit for the following season.
Privacy Policy:
This statement sets out how Nordic Mountain, INC. will treat your personal information.
Nordic Mountain, INC. may collect, store and use: information about your computer and about your visits to and use of this website; information that you send to Nordic Mountain, INC. using the website request form; and any other information that you choose to send to Nordic Mountain, INC..
Personal data submitted on this website will be used for the purposes specified in this privacy statement or in relevant parts of the website. Nordic Mountain, INC. may use your personal information to administer the website and deal with your requests relating to the website.
In addition to the disclosures reasonably necessary for the purposes identified elsewhere in this privacy staement, Nordic Mountain, INC. may disclose information about you: (a) to the extent that Nordic Mountain, INC. is required to do so by law; (b) in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings; (c) in order to establish, exercise or defend Nordic Mountain, INC.'s legal rights; (d) to any of Nordic Mountain, INC.'s agents, suppliers or subcontractors (but only as reasonably necessary for our purposes as set out above); and (e) to the purchaser (or prospective purchaser) of any business or asset which Nordic Mountain, INC. is (or is contemplating) selling.
Nordic Mountain, INC. will take reasonable technical and organizational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information. Nordic Mountain, INC. will store all the personal information you provide on our secure servers. Of course, data transmission over the internet is inherently insecure, and Nordic Mountain, INC. cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the internet.
Nordic Mountain, INC. may update this privacy policy from time-to-time by posting a new version on the Nordic Mountain, INC. website.
You may instruct Nordic Mountain, INC. to provide you with any personal information Nordic Mountain, INC. holds about you. Provision of such information may be subject to the payment of a fee. You may instruct Nordic Mountain, INC. not to process your personal data for marketing purposes by email at any time.
Nordic Mountain, INC. uses Google Analytics to analyse the use of this website. Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users' computers. The information generated relating to the website is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google will store this information. Google's privacy policy is available at: http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html. A cookie consists of information sent by a web server to a web browser, and stored by the browser. The information is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. This enables the web server to identify and track the web browser. Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies. (For example, in Internet Explorer you can refuse all cookies by clicking "Tools", "Internet Options", "Privacy", and selecting "Block all cookies" using the sliding selector.) This will, however, have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.