http://www.bcfencing.ca/privacy
News
Events
Clubs
Forums
Fencing in British ColumbiaB.C.
BC Fencing Privacy Policy
We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting your personal
information. It is important for you to understand what information we collect about you, and what
we do with it.
1. What information do we collect and what do we do with it?
We do not collect personally identifiable information about you, except when you provide it to us.
For example, if you sign up for a site membership you will be asked to provide certain personal information
such as your name and e-mail address.
Your name may be used to publicly identify the source
of content that you provide to the website, such as forum
postings.  Your e-mail address will be kept private, and only used
for
communications regarding your website membership, such as
password reminders.
We do not sell, rent, or give-away your personal information to any third
parties.
We may collect, store or accumulate certain non-personally identifiable information
concerning your use of this Website, such as: which of our pages are most popular, etc.
Note that we include a convenience form to sign-up for the bcfencing-announce e-mail list.  Note that this e-mail
list is operated by Yahoo! and does not fall under the terms of this
privacy policy.  You must consult with Yahoo!'s privacy policy to
understand what sort of privacy you can expect with regard to your use
of that service.
2. User-provided Content
Content such as event calendar postings, comments in forums, photo postings, and
user-created web pages, which are provided by the web site membership,
are provided to us with the understanding that the content is to be
made publicly available via this web site.  Your name may be used to identify the source of the content.  Although we
provide the service of publishing this content gratis for public
benefit, copyright remains with the person who originally created the
content, unless otherwise specified.  Because such content is
placed online without editorial overview or moderation, our privacy
policy does not cover information in these postings.  Personal information in those postings originated
from the poster, and not from this website.
3. Publicity & News
News-worthy events in the sport of fencing will regularly be noted and
publicized on this web site.  From time to time the newsworthy
events may involve members of this website.  Their involvement in
a news story is in no way connected to their membership or use of this
website, and the fact that a person is mentioned in a news story while
also being a member of this site is purely coincidental.
Names and images of officials of public organizations and participants
in public events may be deemed newsworthy and published without seeking
the subjects' permission, as per normal fair-use principles in news
and events reporting.
4. Cookies
When you log in as a web site member, we will place a
"cookie" on your computer's hard drive.  A cookie is a piece of
data that enables us to recognize who you are and give you access to
member-only web site functions.  The cookie data contains only
your login ID and some special codes that tell us that you entered your
password correctly.  The cookie is removed when you log out or
exit your browser.
You can have your browser notify you of, or automatically reject, cookies. If you reject our
cookies, you may still use our web site, but you will not be able to log in to get access to special member-only features.
5. Log Files
We may use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer
our web site, track traffic patterns, and gather demographic
information for aggregate use, as well as fraud protection and risk
reduction. Except as otherwise disclosed in this Privacy Policy, we
will not use IP addresses in combination with your personally
identifiable information.
6. Links
This web site may contain links to or from other websites. Please be aware that we are not responsible
for the privacy practices of other websites. This Privacy Policy applies only to the information we
collect on this Website.
In particular, we include a convenience form to sign-up for the bcfencing-announce
e-mail list, which is operated by Yahoo! as noted under point #1,
above.  Although you enter your e-mail address on a form that is
located on this website, the data is sent directly to Yahoo! and as
such is not covered by this privacy policy.
7.  Affiliations
This is a web site for B.C. fencers to gather and share ideas
and information online.  It is not affiliated with any particular
fencing club or fencing association.  In particular, it has no
affiliation with the B.C. Fencing Association or Canadian Fencing
Federation, which have their own privacy policies.
8.  Changes
We may update this privacy policy from time to time as new features
become available on this web site.  Please check back here if you
have noticed substantial changes in how this web site works.  Your
continued use of the web site implies acceptance of the privacy policy
then in effect.
9. Comments
If you have any questions, comments or concerns about our
privacy practices or website, please contact us at , or post a public comment in our forums.
Links
Site Map
Search
Privacy
BC Fencing Association
click here for official forms, policies, and bylaws.
© 2013 Morgan Burke