http://www.vacationsinc.com/privacy-policy.cfm
Quick Search Scroller
Mobile Toggle
Vacation Rentals
Private Homes
Winter Park Cabins
Downtown Winter Park
Base Village and Ski in Ski Out
Condo Complexes
Luxury Properties
Cleaning and Safety in Your Rental
Registration
Properties A-Z
Specials
Best Places to Stay
Explore Winter Park
Know Before you go
Things to Do
Winter Park Ski Resort
Weather
Ski and Snowboard Rentals
Groups
Ski Groups
Weddings
Reunions and Retreats
Corporate and Executive Retreats
Group Information
Contact Us
About Us
Join Our Newsletter
Employment
Reviews
Guest Services
Owner Services
Property Management
800-215-6535
Recently Viewed
0
Favorites
0
Search Rentals
Arrival
Departure
Guests
Guests
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
Location
Location
Downtown Winter Park
Fraser Neighborhood
Grand Park Neighborhood
Lakota Neighborhood
Rendezvous Neighborhood
Ski In/Ski Out
Tabernash Neighborhood
Search Now
Searching
Privacy Policy
Stay Winter Park is committed to protecting the privacy of users on our website, staywinterpark.com. This privacy policy is intended to inform users of privacy practices and information collection processes implemented on this website.
What personal information do we collect?
We collect information from users on our site through the following means: site/account registration, order placement, newsletter subscriptions, surveys and forms. Any data requested that is not a requirement will be specified as optional. You may visit our website anonymously, however, account registration or order placement may require the following information: name, email address, mailing/billing address, phone number or credit card information.
Personally-Identifiable Information: We do not rent or sell your personally identifiable information. Information may be stored outside of our website (for instance, on servers or databases co-located with hosting providers.) Information the user elects to make publicly identifiable on our site, such as blog comments or reviews, will be available to others.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information: Non-personally identifiable information (such as anonymous usage data, referring/exit pages and URLs, platform types, number of clicks, etc.) may be collected.
How and why we collect information:
A cookie is a small and unique text file that websites send to your computer upon visiting a site. The use of cookies is implemented on this site to provide a personalized user experience. The use of cookies allows us to track website visits and gather basic user information.
Cookies necessary for basic function of the site do not store personal data. This means site visitors can engage in many activities on the site without providing personal information.
Cookies used on this site can be categorized in the following ways:
Necessary cookies (As described above, these are used for the basic function of the site and do not store personal data)
Performance cookies ( In general, these cookies do not collect personal data and collect information about how the site is used)
Functionality cookies (These cookies collect information regarding choices elected on the site, such as State/Region. These cookies remember selections you?ve made on the site to customize your experience.)
Targeting cookies (Primarily used by advertising networks to collect information surrounding browsing habits.)
Social Media cookies (Cookies implemented when site visitor utilizes ?sharing? buttons, allowing the user to share content)
How we use information:
Cookies are utilized on our website to better serve the end user, as well as for site analytics. Personally identifiable information is supplied by the customer and used for online transactions, marketing etc. Non-personally identifiable information is used primarily for analytics of the site. This allows us to improve our services, analyze how the website is used (specifically how users access and utilize the website.) This information is not used to profile those who access our website.
The following includes ways in which information collected may be used: user experience, website improvements, promotions, surveys, transactions, periodic marketing emails, emails pertaining to transactions/orders.
How we secure your information:
Security measures are implemented to ensure safety of personal information entered, submited or obtained through this website. Measures include:
SSL (Secure Socket Layer) Technology & Encryption for sensitive/payment information
Secure Server Protocol (HTTPS) - Our secure servers do not store private information such as credit card, billing information etc.
Content Management System (CMS) utilizes password encryption.
Third Party Access:
When your personal data is collected on the site, it may be shared with selected third parties who assist with business operations such as marketing or advertising campaigns, or in delivery of functionality and features requested by user.
Contact:
Contact us at any time to request information that we have about you, correct any of the information or delete any of the information. We may be contacted through the contact form on this website.
Data Controller:
As mentioned previously, users in need of contacting the data controller may use the contact form on our website or the information provided below:
Stay Winter Park50 Village Drive, Winter Park,CO 80482info@staywinterpark.com
If changes to our privacy policy are made, the modified privacy policy will be available here. Modification date is provided below.
May 25, 2018
GDPR-Specific Information for EU Users:
Not all services provided on this website require registration, allowing users to visit this site without providing personal data. However, some services of the site may require that personal data is provided. If required personal data is withheld, the user may not be able to gain access to certain parts of the site or allow us to properly respond to your query. International Transfer: If you are located where GDPR applies, information that we collect (including through cookies) will be processed and stored in the United States.
Our legal basis for processing data: The data subject has given consent to the processing of his or her personal data for one or more specific purposes.
Return To Top
Search
Search
Quick Links
Specials
Contact Us
Stay Winter Park Policy
Blog
Guest Portal
Owner Portal
Contact
Stay Winter Park
50 Village Drive
Winter Park, CO 80482
800-215-6535
Click Here to Email Us
facebook
twitter
pinterest
instagram
blog
E-Newsletter
Copyright © 2020 Stay Winter Park. All Rights Reserved.
Web Design by InterCoastal Net Designs