http://www.singletracks.com/privacy/
Toggle navigation
LOGIN
mtb trails
reviews
community
forums
mtb clubs
races & events
bike shops
articles
add
LOGIN
Username or Email Address
Password
Remember Me
- or -
Login with Facebook
Create Account
Blue Spruce Ventures LLC and singletracks.com collect personal information from you when you register on our website. We will only collect your personal information if you choose to share it with us. When you register with singletracks.com, we may ask for your email address, username, city, state, country, and/or zip code. Your registration information is stored in a database at singletracks.com. Any additional information you may be asked to provide is completely voluntary.
Blue Spruce Ventures LLC also automatically records non-personal information including your Internet Protocol address, browser format and system information on its Web server logs.
Other companies that place advertisements on our pages or offer products on our website may collect information about you when you click on their content. Any information collected by these companies is not subject to this Privacy Policy.
Blue Spruce Ventures LLC uses the information collected from you to confirm the validity of submitted reviews and/or content, contact winners of sweepstakes or contests, customize our services, improve the content of our website, and provide you with our newsletter. Singletracks.com may also use the information for internal purposes, such as studying our users’ preferences.
We use the information collected regarding the activity on our website (such as the number of viewers and the pages commonly visited) on an anonymous basis. We may aggregate this anonymous information and use it to improve our products and services or provide this information to our advertisers.
Singletracks.com.com website’s server, or the servers of companies that are used to operate this site, may place a “cookie” on your computer in order to allow you to use the website and to personalize your experience.
A “cookie” is a small piece of data that can be sent by a web server to your computer, which then may be stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. Cookies allow singletracks.com.com to recognize your computer while you are on its website and help customize your online experience and make it more convenient for you. Cookies are also useful in allowing more efficient log-in for users, tracking transaction histories and preserving information between sessions. The information collected from cookies may also be used to improve the functionality of the website.
The advertisers and/or other content providers that may appear on this website may also use cookies that are not sent by singletracks.com.com’s website. Such ads or content may contain cookies that help track and target the interests of users of this website in order to present “personalized” advertisements or other messages that the user might find interesting. singletracks.com.com is not responsible for any such cookies.Most web browser applications (such as Microsoft Internet Explorer) have features that can notify you when you receive a cookie or prevent cookies from being sent. If you disable cookies, however, you may not be able to use certain personalized functions of this website.
Blue Spruce Ventures LLC does not sell or license your personal information.We may disclose anonymous aggregate information (for example, the percentage of our viewers that visit certain sections of our website) to third parties such as our advertisers or business partners.Blue Spruce Ventures LLC will also disclose personal information about its viewers when the law requires it, such as when we respond to subpoenas, court orders or other legal process.In the event that singletracks.com merges with or is acquired by another business entity we may share some or all of your information with the new entity in order to continue to provide you with our products and services.
Singletracks.com’s website is not designed for children under 13. If we discover that you are under 13 and have registered with us, we will remove your account.
Singletracks.com may change how we collect, use or treat your personal information. Please check back periodically to review any changes that we have made to the Privacy Policy.
Should Blue Spruce Ventures LLC make any material changes in the way we use your personal information, we will notify you by posting a prominent announcement on our homepage.