https://www.wrestling-titles.com/privacy.html
Introduction
- Symbols
NAME FORMAT CHANGE IN PROCESS: Names of the wrestlers from countries where the family names come before the given names will be listed as such (Japan, Korea, etc.). The family names will be in bold letters.
Privacy Statement for Wrestling-Titles.com
Wrestling-Titles.com, a non-business site, has created
this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy.
The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices
for this website: Wrestling-Titles.com.
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with
our server, and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is used to
gather broad demographic information. We use cookies to save your password
so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit our site and for
other purposes.
This site contains links to other sites. Wrestling-Titles.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the
content of such Web sites.
We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our web site. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit www.networkadvertising.org.
Public Forums
This site makes message boards available to its users. Please remember
that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information
and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal
information.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices
of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact the web administrator.