https://www.nhl.com/flames/team/terms-of-use
Skip to Main Content
The Official Site of the Calgary Flames
Tickets
Tickets
2019-20 Season FAQ
Single Game Tickets
My Flames Account
Season Tickets
Game Packs
Premium Experiences
NHL Ticket Exchange
Group Tickets
Golf Town Discount
Student Tickets
Scotiabank Saddledome
Saddledome Seating Map
3D Seat Viewer
Questions?
News
News
Latest News
Firestarter Podcast
Photo Galleries
Transactions List
Mayfair Diagnostics Injury Report
Flames Extra
Cavendish Farms Report
Honouring Iginla
Flames Alumni
37 for 37
Flames TV
Flames TV
Dodge 2020 Draft
Scotiabank Game Highlights
From The Dressing Room
Off The Ice
Flames TV Punjabi
Flames TV Features
Flames TV Chinese
Flames Future Watch
Flames TV YouTube Channel
Schedule
Schedule
2019-20 Printable Schedule
2019-20 Schedule
2019-20 Alternate Jersey Schedule
2019-20 Theme Games
Sync to your device
Team Info
Team Info
Owners
Executive
Hockey Operations
Coaching Staff
2019-20 Yearbook
Team History
Contact Information
Job Opportunities
Stockton Heat (AHL)
Calgary Stampeders (CFL)
Calgary Hitmen (WHL)
Calgary Roughnecks (NLL)
Roster
Roster
Active Roster
Flames Injury Report
Transactions
Coaching Staff
All-Time Roster
Stats
Stats
Player Stats
Standings
Season-by-Season
Game-by-Game
Team Stats Comparison
All-Time Leaders
vs. All Teams
Alumni
Fans
Fans
2019-20 Yearbook
Game Day Guide
50/50 Draw
Hockey Happy Hour
Message Boards
Flames Licence Plate
Saddledome Live
Insider Emails
Flames Wallpaper
Birthdays
MBNA Rewards
Contests & Promotions
Club Flames
Harvey the Hound
Flames Advocates
Flames Hotel Partnership
Mayfair Diagnostics Information.
Pet Calendar
Foundation
Foundation
Flames Foundation
#Snowystrong Battle With Als
50/50 Draw
Big Goal for Kids
Flames License Plate
Flames @School
Flames Charity Celebrity Golf Classic
Adopt-A-Team Program
Flames First Shift
Sponsorship
Shop
Shop
Official Flames Online Store
C of Red Card
Flames Auctions
Scores
Teams
Eastern Conference
Atlantic
Boston
Buffalo
Detroit
Florida
Montréal
Ottawa
Tampa Bay
Toronto
Metropolitan
Carolina
Columbus
New Jersey
NY Islanders
NY Rangers
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Washington
Western Conference
Central
Chicago
Colorado
Dallas
Minnesota
Nashville
St. Louis
Winnipeg
Pacific
Anaheim
Arizona
Calgary
Edmonton
Los Angeles
San Jose
Vancouver
Vegas
Seattle
Coming 2021-2022 Season
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USEWelcome to www.calgaryflames.com. The following are the Terms and Conditions of Use ("Terms") that govern the use of this website (the "Site"). By using or visiting the Site, you expressly agree to be bound by these Terms and to abide by these Terms and all applicable laws and regulations governing the Site. In this policy, "we", "our", "us" refer to Calgary Sports and Entertainment Corporation* and its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively referred to herein as "Calgary Sports and Entertainment Corporation"). We reserve the right to change these Terms at any time, effective immediately upon posting on the Site. Please check this page of the Site periodically. By your use of the calgaryflames.com website, you expressly agree to be bound by and comply with all changes of these Terms. If you violate these Terms, we may terminate your use of the Site, bar you from future use of the Site, and/or take appropriate legal action against you.*Calgary Sports and Entertainment Corporation, as General Partner for and on behalf of the Calgary Flames Limited Partnership, is the owner of the Calgary Flames Hockey Club. "Calgary Flames" is a registered trademark of Calgary Sports and Entertainment Corporation.PERMITTED USEYou agree that you are only authorized to visit, view and to retain a copy of pages of the Site for your own personal use, and that you shall not duplicate, download, publish, modify or otherwise distribute the material on the Site for any purpose other than to review event and promotional information, or for personal use, unless otherwise specifically authorized by us to do so. You also agree not to deep-link to the Site for any purpose, unless specifically authorized by us to do so. The content and software on the Site is the property of Calgary Sports and Entertainment Corporation and/or its suppliers and is protected by Canadian and international copyright laws. We post a legal notice and various credits on pages of the Site, which may not be removed.The use of this website is offered conditionally to you upon your acceptance of the Terms as well as any amendments or additional terms, policies or procedures published on this website from time to time by the Calgary Sports and Entertainment Corporation.NON-RESPONSIBILITY The Calgary Sports and Entertainment Corporation are not responsible for any damages of any nature, arising out of the use of this website or the reliance on the information provided on this website. The information contained within this website is not intended to provide specific advice but is provided for personal informational purposes only. ACCURACY AND CHANGESInformation on this website may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Information may be changed or updated without notice. Calgary Sports and Entertainment Corporation may also make improvements and/or changes in the products, prices, programs and entertainment services described in this information at any time without notice. Pricing may change without notice. It is important to note that all of the products, prices, programs and entertainment services described in the pages of this website may not be available as indicated. The information contained on these pages does NOT constitute a guarantee, solicitation or offer about any product, price, program or entertainment service. For specific information, please contact us at customerservice@calgaryflames.com. COMPLYING WITH LAWSYou acknowledge that complying with laws is your responsibility, and you agree not to hold us liable for your failure to comply with any law or our inability to notify you of, or correctly apply any law. Subject to our Privacy Policy, we will comply with law enforcement agencies and may provide them with all information you submit to us to assist in any investigation or prosecution they may conduct.USER CONTRIBUTIONS TO THE SITEThe Site may provide you with opportunities to contribute to the Site, which may include uploading a user profile, participating in online chats and using our message boards. Anything that is contributed to the Site by you or other Site users will be referred to in these Terms as "User Content". Calgary Sports and Entertainment Corporation is not liable or responsible for any User Content. Calgary Sports and Entertainment Corporation cannot preview User Content before it appears. Users can be held accountable for any illegal or prohibited User Content that they provide to the Site, including, among other things, infringing, defamatory or offensive materials. If you discover objectionable content on the Site, please notify us at customerservice@calgaryflames.com. We will investigate your claim and may then take any actions deemed appropriate, in our sole discretion.SOFTWAREWhile every effort is made to ensure that all software provided at this website is suitable for use on a wide variety of computer systems, you should take reasonable and appropriate precautions to scan for computer viruses and ensure compatibility of the software with your specific computer system. You should also ensure that you have a complete and current backup of the information contained on your computer system before installing such software. LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITESLinks included in the Site to websites outside of the Calgary Flames website are meant for convenience only and Calgary Sports and Entertainment Corporation accepts no responsibility for statements made by the providers of such web sites or for your reliance on such statements. Calgary Sports and Entertainment Corporation make no representations whatsoever about any other website which you may access through this one. When you access a non-Calgary Sports and Entertainment Corporation website through a link provided on this website, please understand that it is independent of the Calgary Sports and Entertainment Corporation and that the Calgary Sports and Entertainment Corporation have no control over the content on that website. It is up to you to take precautions to ensure that whatever you select for your use is free of items of a destructive or offensive nature. Links to other websites or reference to products, services, publications or information of any type other than that of the Calgary Flames, Calgary Sports and Entertainment Corporation or the National Hockey League do not imply our endorsement. PROHIBITED CONTENT/CONDUCTThe following kinds of User Content and conduct are not permitted on the Site:•   Any User Content that promotes racism, hatred, harassment or physical harm of any kind against any group or individual;•   Any User Content that contains information that you know is false, misleading, or promotes illegal activities or conduct that is abusive, threatening, obscene, defamatory or libelous;•   Any User Content that contains pornographic or sexually explicit material of any kind;•   The transmission of "junk mail", "chain letters", or unsolicited mass mailing or "spamming";•   The promotion of illegal or unauthorized copies of another person's copyrighted work, such as the provision of pirated computer programs or links to them, the provision of information to circumvent manufacturer-installed copy-protect devices or the provision of pirated music or links to pirated music files;•   Soliciting passwords or personal identifying information for commercial or unlawful purposes from other users; and•   Engaging in commercial activities without our prior written consent such as contests, sweepstakes, barter, advertising, and pyramid schemes.OFFLINE CONDUCTAlthough we cannot monitor the conduct of users off the Site, it is also a violation of these Terms to use any information obtained from the Site in order to harass, abuse, or harm another person, or in order to contact, advertise to, solicit or sell to any Site user without their prior explicit consent.COMMERCIAL USEYou may not use any message board, chat or other area of the Site for any commercial purposes such as to conduct sales of tickets, merchandise or services of any kind. You must obtain our prior written consent to make commercial offers of any sort. We will investigate and take appropriate legal action against anyone who violates these Terms, including without limitation, removing the offending communication from the Site and barring such violators from use of the Site. We reserve the right to block access to the Site or other Calgary Sports and Entertainment Corporation services with respect to any person we believe to be, or we consider to be acting in concert with any person whom we consider to be, violating the law or these Terms or any other policies or rights of the Calgary Sports and Entertainment Corporation. Violating any limitations or terms on the Site will be deemed to be a violation of these Terms.ACCESS AND INTERFERENCE You agree that you will not use any robot, spider, other automatic devices, or manual process to monitor or copy our web pages or the content contained thereon or for any other unauthorized purpose without our prior express written permission. You agree that you will not use any device, software or routine that interferes with the proper working of the Site nor shall you attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Site. You agree that you will not take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure. You agree that you will not copy, reproduce, alter, modify, create derivative works based on, or publicly display any content (except for your own personal, non-commercial use) from the Site without the prior express written permission of Calgary Sports and Entertainment Corporation.You understand and agree that in Calgary Sports and Entertainment Corporation's sole discretion, and without prior notice, Calgary Sports and Entertainment Corporation may terminate your access to the Site, remove any unauthorized User Content or exercise any other remedy available, if we believe that your conduct or the conduct of any person with whom we believe you act in concert, violates or is inconsistent with these Terms or the law, or violates the policies or rights of Calgary Sports and Entertainment Corporation, a client of Calgary Sports and Entertainment Corporation or another user of the Site. You agree that monetary damages may not provide a sufficient remedy to Calgary Sports and Entertainment Corporation for violations of these Terms and you consent to injunctive or other equitable relief for such violations. The Calgary Sports and Entertainment Corporation is not required to provide any refund to you if it exercises any of its rights or remedies because you have violated these Terms or any of Calgary Sports and Entertainment Corporation's rights.SERVICE MODIFICATIONSCalgary Sports and Entertainment Corporation reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to modify, suspend or discontinue any part of the Site at any time, with or without notice to you. We also reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to impose limits on certain features and services and to restrict access to any part or all of the Site without notice to you. We shall not be liable to you or any third party for any claim or cause of action arising out of our exercise of the preceding rights.PRIVACYWe believe that your privacy and the privacy of all our users is important. These Terms are subject to the Privacy Policy which is hereby incorporated by reference and is separately posted on the Site. Calgary Sports and Entertainment Corporation will not be responsible or otherwise liable for any use or disclosure of your contact information, or financial information, by a third party to whom Calgary Sports and Entertainment Corporation is allowed to disclose your contact information under the preceding Privacy Policy and the law. If you post any User Content to the Site, by electronic mail or otherwise, we will treat it as non-confidential and non-proprietary to you. When we say in these Terms "post" we mean the provision of information (including, but not limited to, User Content) to the Site through features of the Site that are used to make information available to other members of the public (e.g. user reviews, message boards, chat rooms, etc.). Information that is posted to the Site shall not be subject to the Privacy Policy and may be publicly displayed and disclosed and otherwise used by Calgary Sports and Entertainment Corporation or any third party in any way. By posting User Content to the Site, you authorize us to use or allow others to distribute, reproduce or otherwise use such User Content. You should not post information about yourself on the Site that can be used to identify or contact you, including, but not limited to, your name, home or work address, phone numbers, pagers, email address or other such information. If you post such information, Calgary Sports and Entertainment Corporation cannot prevent it from being used in a manner that violates these Terms, the law, or your personal privacy and safety. By posting such information on the Site, you violate these Terms, and you assume the risks and sole liability for the results of such posting.Calgary Sports and Entertainment Corporation is not liable for any lost data resulting from the operation of the Site or the enforcement of the Terms. We urge all users to maintain their own backup versions of any User Content or other information they submit to the Site.DISCLAIMERS CALGARY SPORTS AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE SITE WILL BE OPERABLE, ERROR-FREE, VIRUS-FREE, UNINTERRUPTED, OR THAT IT WILL PROVIDE ANY SPECIFIC RESULTS FROM USE OF THE SITE, USE OF ANY CONTENT OR LINK ON THE SITE, OR USE OF ANY CALGARY SPORTS AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION SERVICE. THE SITE AND ITS CONTENT ARE DELIVERED ON AN "AS-IS" AND "AS-AVAILABLE" BASIS. CALGARY SPORTS AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION CANNOT ENSURE THAT FILES YOU DOWNLOAD FROM THE SITE WILL BE FREE OF VIRUSES OR CONTAMINATION OR DESTRUCTIVE FEATURES. CALGARY SPORTS AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, STATUTORY OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND WARRANTIES OF NON -INFRINGEMENT.YOU AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK AND DISCRETION. IN NO EVENT WILL CALGARY SPORTS AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM THE USE OF THE SITE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR particular DAMAGES, OR FOR LOST PROFITS, REVENUES OR BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES, REGARDLESS OF HOW SAME SHALL ARISE AND EVEN IF CALGARY SPORTS AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.CALGARY SPORTS AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE PRODUCTS, SERVICES, ACTIONS OR FAILURE TO ACT OF ANY THIRD PARTY PROMOTED OR REFERENCED ON THE SITE.Without limiting the preceding, you may report the misconduct of users and/or third party advertisers, service and/or product providers referenced on or included on the Site to Calgary Sports and Entertainment Corporation at customerservice@calgaryflames.com. Calgary Sports and Entertainment Corporation may investigate the claim and take appropriate action, in its sole discretion.TRADEMARKSCertain names, graphics, logos, icons, designs, words, titles or phrases at this website may constitute trade names or trademarks of Calgary Sports and Entertainment Corporation, Calgary Flames or the NHL. Trademarks may be registered in Canada and/or other countries as required. The display of trademarks on this website does not imply that a license for use has been granted. Any unauthorized downloading, retransmission, copying or other modification of trademarks and/or the contents herein may be a violation of federal or common law, trademark and /or copyright laws and could subject the copier to legal action. COPYRIGHT CALGARY SPORTS AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATIONAll information at this site is protected by the copyright laws of Canada and in other countries. In addition, certain information may be copyrighted by others. In addition, certain information may be copyrighted by others. Unless otherwise specified, no one has permission to copy, redistribute, reproduce or republish in any form, any information found on this website. Inquiries of this nature can be directed to:Customer ServiceCalgary Sports and Entertainment Corporationcustomerservice@calgaryflames.com403-777-4646