http://www.sndg.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: August 3rd,
The Southern Nationals Disc Golf Series operates the SNDG.org website, which provides the service of providing tournament details, results, and player data.
This page is used to inform website visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information they may share with us.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible from SNDG.org
Glossary of Terms:
Service: Service is the SNDG.org website operated by The Southern Nationals Disc Golf Series
Personal Data: Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
Usage Data: Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
Cookies: Cookies are small pieces of data stored on your device (computer or mobile device).
Data Controller: Data Controller means the natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal information are, or are to be, processed.
For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your Personal Data.
Data Processors (or Service Providers): Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller.
We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.
Data Subject (or User): Data Subject is any living individual who is using our Service and is the subject of Personal Data.
Section 1.0: Data Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information. Thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Section 2.0: Your Data Protection
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). The Southern Nationals Disc Golf Series will do its part to allow you to correct, change, delete, or limit all use of your Personal Data at all times.
If at any time you would like to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you, including removal from our systems, please contact us.
You may also have the following data protection rights:
The right to access, update or to delete the information we collect. You may request an update or deletion of your Personal Data by contacting us to assist you.
The right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete.
The right to object to our processing of your Personal Data.
The right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information.
The right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format.
The right to withdraw consent at any time where The Southern Nationals Disc Golf Series relied on your consent to process your personal information.
It is important to note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.
It is your right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).
Section 2.1: Legal Basis For Processing Personal Information
For those in the European Economic Area (EEA), The Southern Nationals Disc Golf Series legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Data we collect and the specific context in which we collect it.
The Southern Nationals Disc Golf Series may process your Personal Data in accordance with:
The need to perform a contract with you
Your permission to do so
Legitimate interests and not overridden by your rights
The compliance with the law
Section 3.0: Information We Collect
We want to inform you that whenever you visit our website, we collect information that your browser sends to us that is called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser version, pages of our website that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, and other statistics.
Section 3.1: Types of Data Collected
The following are several different types of information we collect for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Section 3.1.1: Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
First name and last name
Phone number
Cookies and Usage Data
We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send or by contacting us.
Section 3.1.2: Usage Data
We may also collect information on how the Service is accessed and used ("Usage Data"). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g., IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Section 3.1.3: Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.
Cookies are files with small amount of data that browsers commonly use as a unique anonymous identifier. Our website may send these cookies to your browser and store them on your computer’s hard drive.
Our website uses these “cookies” to collect information and to improve your user experience. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a website sends a cookie to your computer. If you choose to deny our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our site.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies: We use Session Cookies to operate our Service
Preference Cookies: We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings
Security Cookies: We use Security Cookies for security purposes
Section 4.0: Service Providers
At times we may employ third-party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, also known as "Service Providers." These Service Providers may provide our Services on our behalf, perform Service-related actions or assist us in analyzing how our Service is used. These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
At this time, we employ the following third-party Service Providers:
Google Analytics
The Southern Nationals Disc Golf Series utilizes this third-party Service Provider to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Section 5.0: Data Storage, Transfer, & Disclosure
Section 5.1: Retention Of Data
The Southern Nationals Disc Golf Series may retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
The Southern Nationals Disc Golf Series Inc. will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
Section 5.2: Transfer Of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to the United States and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
The Southern Nationals Disc Golf Series will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Section 5.3: Disclosure Of Data
Section 5.3.1: Business Transaction
If The Southern Nationals Disc Golf Series is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.
Section 5.3.2: Disclosure for Law Enforcement
Under certain circumstances, Anttix, Inc. may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g., a court or a government agency).
Section 5.3.3: Legal Requirements
The Southern Nationals Disc Golf Series may disclose your Personal Data in good faith in order to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of Anttix, Inc.
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
Section 6.0: External Links
We may offer links to third-party company websites due to the following reasons:
To share information regarding preferred vendors;
To inform visitors of the brands we supply and service; or
To highlight the trademarks related to our services;
We want to notify our visitors that these third parties do NOT have access to your Personal Information. At the same time, The Southern Nationals Disc Golf Series assumes no responsibility for the content, practices, and information collected on the third-party website we link to if you choose to visit them. The Southern Nationals Disc Golf Series does not operate these external sites. Therefore we strongly recommend you review the Privacy Policy of these websites.
Section 7.0: Children’s Privacy
Our Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Section 8.0: Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, we advise you to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after The Southern Nationals Disc Golf Series updates this page.
Section 9.0: Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us using one of the following methods:
By visiting our Contact Page to send us an email: SNDG Contact Form