http://www.evertacademy.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
PRIVACY POLICY
Effective Date: December 1, 2017
Evert Tennis Academy (the “Academy”) is owned and operated by Evert Tennis Academy, LLC. This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes how information about you is collected, used, and disclosed by Evert Tennis Academy, LLC, and our parents, subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, "Evert," "we" or "us") when you access or use Academy websites, mobile applications, or other online services that link to this Policy (collectively the “Sites”).
This Policy applies solely to your use of our Sites. It does not apply to information we collect in connection with your attendance at the Academy or your participation in or presence at our events, programs, camps or other activities (other than forms and other information and communications submitted through the Sites), or if you otherwise interact with us.
INFORMATION COLLECTION
INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO US
Evert collects a variety of information from you when you choose to provide it to us in connection with your use of our Sites. This may include when you request information from us, apply to the Academy, register for a camp, program or event, create an account, fill out or submit a form or questionnaire, request transportation, add a contact, sign up for our newsletters or email lists, make a purchase, create or deposit to a GET Account, participate in our contests, promotions, sweepstakes, surveys, or interviews, request support, chat with us, send us a message, or otherwise communicate or interact with us via the Sites. The information we collect may include your name, contact information (including your address, email address, and telephone number), applicant/registrant information (including academic and educational information and history, age, birthday, demographic information, family and ethnic information, medical information, athletic experience and positions, applicant essays and parent assessments), payment information, and any other information you choose to provide.
INFORMATION WE AUTOMATICALLY COLLECT
Log Information: We log information about your use of the Sites, including the type of browser you use, access times, pages viewed, your IP address and the page you visited before navigating to our Site.
Device Information: We collect information about the computer or mobile device you use to access our Sites, including the hardware model, operating system and version, unique device identifiers and mobile network information.
Information Collected by Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies: We use various technologies to collect information, and this may include sending cookies to your computer or mobile device. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in device memory that helps us to improve our Sites and your experience, see which areas and features of our Sites are popular and count visits. We may also collect information using web beacons (also known as "tracking pixels"). Web beacons are electronic images that may be used in our Sites or emails and help deliver cookies, count visits, understand usage and campaign effectiveness and determine whether an email has been opened and acted upon. For more information about cookies, and how to disable them, please see "Your Choices" below.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM OTHER SOURCES
We may receive information about you from other sources and link or combine that with information we collect about you. For example, we may collect information about you from third parties, including mailing list providers and publicly available sources.
INFORMATION USE
Evert may use the information we collect from and about you to:
Operate, maintain, and improve the Academy and our Sites;
Evaluate your application for the Academy or an Academy program, camp, event or activity;
Facilitate communication with the Academy and Academy staff
Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages;
Provide and deliver the products and services you request, process forms and transactions, and send you related information, including notifications, confirmations and invoices,
Develop new Services and content;
Provide you with information about the Academy and about Academy and third party events, programs, camps, activities, products, services, promotions and special offers that we think might be of interest to you;
Personalize and improve the Sites and provide you with customized content, targeted offers, and advertising;
Monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with the Sites;
Respond to your inquiries, requests, and comments and provide customer service;
Facilitate contests, sweepstakes, and promotions and process and deliver entries, prizes, and rewards;
Send you information, newsletters, and promotional materials from Evert and our partners;
Protect the security or integrity of the Sites and our business;
Link or combine with information we get from others to help understand your needs and provide you with better service; and
Carry out any other purpose described to you at the point of data collection.
INFORMATION SHARING
Evert may share the information we collect from and about you as described in this Policy including:
With our current and future parents, affiliates, subsidiaries, and other companies under common control and ownership;
With third party service providers, vendors, and consultants who need access to the information to perform services for us or our students and participants;
As necessary if we believe that there has been a violation of the Evert Terms of Service or of our rights or the rights of any third party;
To respond to judicial process or provide information to law enforcement or regulatory agencies or in connection with an investigation on matters related to public safety, as permitted by law, or otherwise as required by law;
In connection with any merger, sale of assets, financing, bankruptcy, or reorganization of our business; and
With your consent or at your direction, including if we notify you that the information you provide will be shared in a particular manner and you provide such information.
Further, we may share aggregated or anonymous information that does not identify you.
LINKS TO OTHER SITES
Our Sites may contain links to other websites or to third party services, and any personal information you provide in connection with such linked pages or services is provided directly to that third party and is subject to that third party's privacy policy and terms of use. This Privacy Policy does not apply to such linked sites, and we are not responsible for the privacy and security practices and policies of these websites or any other third-party sites or services that are linked to from the Site. We encourage you to learn about such third-party privacy and security practices and policies before providing them with personal information.
ADVERTISING AND ANALYTICS
We may allow others to provide analytics services and serve advertisements on our behalf across the Internet and in applications. These entities may use cookies, web beacons, device identifiers and other technologies to collect information about your use of the Sites and other websites and applications, including your IP address, web browser, mobile network information, pages viewed, time spent on pages or in apps, links clicked, and conversion information. This information may be used by us and others to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests on our Sites and other websites and better understand your online activity. For more information about interest-based ads, or to opt out of having your web browsing information used for behavioral advertising purposes, please visit www.aboutads.info/choices. On your mobile device, you may also adjust your privacy and advertising settings to control whether you want to receive more relevant advertising. We may also work with third parties to serve ads to you as part of a customized campaign on other websites or platforms.
DATA STORAGE
Your information may be stored on servers in the United States and is subject to the laws of the United States, where the data protection and other laws may differ from those of other countries. Your information may be disclosed in response to inquiries or requests from government authorities or to respond to judicial process in the countries in which we operate. By accessing or using our Sites or otherwise providing information to us, you consent to the processing, transfer and storage of information in and to the United States and other countries, where you may not have the same rights and protections as you do under local law.
DATA SECURITY
Evert takes reasonable precautions (including certain physical, administrative, and technical measures) to help protect your information from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. Because there is always some risk in transmitting information over the Internet, we cannot guarantee the security of your information
The Service may have links to third-party sites or applications, which may have privacy policies that differ from our own. We are not responsible for the practices of such sites or applications.
YOUR COMMUNICATION CHOICES
Promotional Communications. You may opt out of receiving promotional communications from Evert by following the instructions in those communications or by emailing evert@evertacademy.com. If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional communications.
YOUR CHOICES
Cookies: Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies. Removing or rejecting browser cookies does not necessarily affect third party flash cookies used in connection with our Services. To delete or disable flash cookies please visit www.adobe.com/products/flashplayer/security for more information. Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of our Services.
IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the practices described herein, you may contact us at evert@evertacademy.com.
REVISIONS TO THIS POLICY
Evert reserves the right to revise this Privacy Policy at any time. When we do, we will post the change(s) on the Sites and update the date at the top of this Privacy Policy. If we change the Privacy Policy in a material way, we will provide appropriate notice to you. We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you access the Sites to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.
Find everything about JavaScript in the cheat sheets, read the script blog or use the other free online JS tools.
contact us
For enrollment & program registration
561-488-2001
evert@evertacademy.com
10334 Diego Drive SouthBoca Raton, FL 33428
Location & Offices
Chat with an Advisor!
In chatting with an advisor you agree to and have read our privacy policy: Privacy Policy
Request Consultation
Please fill out the form below and a specialized expert will follow up within 24 hours.
First Name*
Last Name*
Email*
Phone
What are you interested in?
Training and Athletics
Summer Camps
Weekly and Pre-Tournament Camps
Holiday Camps
What Can We Help You With?
By submitting this form you agree to and have read our Privacy Policy.
Please complete all required fields.
Visit Us
Are you interested in touring the Evert Academy campus? Fill out the form below to submit a tour request and we will be in touch soon to confirm your request.
First Name*
Last Name*
Email*
Phone
Visit Request Date
What are you interested in?
Training and Athletics
Summer Camps
Weekly and Pre-Tournament Camps
Holiday Camps
What Can We Help You With?
By submitting this form you agree to and have read our Privacy Policy.
Please complete all required fields.
Call
Chat
Consult
Visit Us
Connect: