http://www.curzon-ashton.co.uk/club/privacy-policy
Home
club
privacy policy
Privacy Policy
What does this policy cover?This policy describes how Curzon Ashton Football Club (known as ‘the club’) will make use of your data on the club’s website and during your interaction with the club online and offline, including data we may process in connection with tickets or date we may use to send you direct marketing. It also describes your data protection rights, including a right to object to some of the processing which the club carries out. Our website uses cookies to help improve your experience. A functional cookie (which expires when you close your browser) have already been placed on your machine. Our website may provide interactive features that engage with social media sites, such as Facebook and Twitter. If you use these features, these sites will send us personal data about you. Where we rely on your consent, such as for direct marketing purposes, or to place cookies, you can withdraw this consent at any time.Our privacy policy sets out more details of this processing, including details of your data protection rights, including your right to object to certain processing. What information do we collect?We collect and process personal data about you when you interact with us and our websites, when you purchase goods and services from us and when we carry out market research. This will typically be provided directly by you and may include information you provide on registration or in the process of a purchase, such as your name, address, email address, marketing preferences and payment details. The details being provided by you will be made clear in forms you complete or will be provided directly by you in surveys, in purchasing tickets or in volunteering information in communications or content you provide us.  What information do we generate or receive from third parties?We may generate or collect information about you ourselves. In an offline context, we may particularly collect information about you through our CCTV cameras, in completing health and safety records or by keeping access records of our site. If we provide online services to a child where we need parental consent for this, we may ask for a parent’s email address, in order to ask for consent. How do we use this information and what is the legal basis for this use?We process this personal data for the following purposes:·       To fulfil a contract, or take steps linked to a contract: this is relevant when you make a purchase from us. This includes: Verifying your identityTaking paymentsCommunicating with you ·       As required by the club to conduct our business and pursue our legitimate interests in particular: We will use your information to provide products and services you have requested and to respond to any comments or complaints you may send us.We monitor the use of the Tameside Stadium, website and online services, and use your information to help us, monitor, improve and protect our venue, products, content, services and website, both online and offline. If you provide a credit or debit card as payment, we also use third parties to check the validity of the sort code, account number and card number you submit to prevent fraud (see data sharing below).We use the information you provide as well as information we have collected about you to investigate any complaints received from you or from others, about our website or products/services. ·       Where you give us consent: We place cookies and use similar technologies in accordance with our cookie policy and the information provided to you when those technologies are used. On other occasions where we ask you for consent, we will use the data for the purpose which we explain at that time.  ·       For purposes which are required by law: Where we are required to hold or collect personal data to meet legal requirements on us, such as keeping registration forms, health and safety records, details of purchases or ensuring banned supporters are not given access to the Tameside Stadium.Where in response to requests by government or law enforcement authorities conducting an investigation. Withdrawing consent or otherwise objecting to direct marketing.Wherever we rely on your consent, you will always be able to withdraw that consent, although we may have other legal grounds for processing data for other purposes, such as those set out above. In some cases, we are able to send you direct marketing without your consent, where we relay on our legitimate interests. You have an absolute right to opt out of direct marketing at any time. You can do this by following the instructions in the communication where this is an electronic message, or by contacting the club directly. Who will we share this data with, where and when?We will share your personal data between the club’s departments as necessary to promote the products and services you have requested, to maintain a single customer view across the club and to fulfil any of the purposes set out above. We will share your data with relevant third parties for the purposes set out above, in particular, we will share details of fans or participants with other football stakeholders such as the National League, East Manchester Junior League, other footballing governing bodies and the police where this is necessary. We will also share data with third parties holding events at our Tameside Stadium as necessary to ensure your attendance is appropriately managed.Personal data may be shared with government authorities and/or law enforcement officials if required for the purposes above, if mandated by law or if required for the legal protection of our legitimate interests in compliance with applicable laws. Personal data will also be shared with third party service providers, who will process it on behalf of the club for the purposes identified above. Such third parties include providers of website hosting, security services and maintenance.  What rights do I have? You have the right to ask us for a copy of your personal data; to correct, delete or restrict (stop any active) processing of your personal data; and to obtain the personal data you provide to us for a contract or with your consent in a structured, machine-readable format. In addition, you can object to the processing of your personal data in some circumstances (in particular, where we don’t have to process the data to meet a contractual or legal requirement, or where we are using the data for direct marketing). These rights may be limited, for example, if fulfilling your request would reveal personal data about another person, where it would infringe the rights of a third party (including our rights) or if you ask us to delete information which we are required by law to keep or have compelling legitimate interests in keeping.  Relevant exemptions are included in both the GDPR and in the Data Protection Act 2018. We will inform you of relevant exemptions we rely upon when responding to any request you make. To exercise any of these rights, you can get in touch with us using the following details;Tameside Stadium, Richmond Street, Ashton under Lyne, OL79HG – 0161 330 6033If you have unresolved concerns, you have the right to complain to an EU data protection authority where you live, work or where you believe a breach may have occurred.  This likely to be the Information Commissioner’s Office in the UK. Data that is mandatory is indicated on relevant forms that you complete, where a provision of data is mandatory if relevant data is not provided, then we will not be able to fulfil your requests to register, or otherwise engage with the club. All other provision of your information is optional.  We hold information relating to visitors to our venue for a month. Where we process CCTV footage, we hold this for a month, unless we have been asked to extract footage, in which case this is held for 5 years from the date it is extracted. Where we process data for legal requirements, we hold this for as long as the law requires.
adidas & Sporting Touch
Official Kit Provider
Village Hotel Club
Official Home Shirt & Media Sponsor
Facebook
Like us on facebook
Like us on Facebook
Instagram
@CurzonAshton
Tweets by @CurzonAshton
Follow us on Twitter
Upcoming Fixtures
Date
Time
H/A
Opposition
See All Fixtures
RNM Electrical
RNM Electrical
Older News
13
Nov
Welcome Back Sam
10
Nov
Match Report. Gateshead
07
Nov
Match Report. Blyth Spartans
07
Nov
Match Preview. Blyth Spartans
More News
Bromleys
Official Legal Partner & Media Sponsor
Barnshaws
Away Kit Rear Sponsor
Seed of Speed
Seed of Speed