http://www.tcc.fl.edu/about/college/legal/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
LegalPrivacy Policy
Equity and Civil RightsEquidad y Derechos CivilesTitle IX ComplianceCumplimiento del Titulo IXDiversity and InclusionDiversidad e inclusiónNon-Discrimination StatementPrivacy PolicyAccreditationFERPAGainful Employment Disclosure
Thank you for visiting the Tallahassee Community College Web site. Your privacy is important to us. We do not collect personal information when you visit our Web site unless you affirmatively choose to make such information available to us.
When you visit our Web site, our Web server automatically recognizes only the Internet domain and IP address from which you accessed our Web site. This information does not result in the identification of your personal e-mail address or other personal information.
In addition, we gather information regarding the volume and timing of access to our Web site by collecting information on the date, time and Web site pages accessed by those who visit the Web site. We do this so that we can improve the content of our Web site. This information is not shared with other organizations. Again, only aggregate information is collected. An individual visitor's personal information is not identified. Additionally, Google Analytics is used on our Web site and has its own privacy policy.
If you choose to share personal information with us - by sending a message or filling out an electronic form with personal information - we will use the information only for purposes you authorized. Some of the information may be saved for a designated period of time to comply with Florida's archiving policies, but we will not disclose the information to third parties or other governmental agencies, unless required to do so by state or federal law.
If you use this Web site to make a financial transaction, be assured that the transaction is secure as indicated by the icon in the shape of a lock appearing on your screen. The data traveling across the Internet is encrypted through the use of SSL (secured socket layers) between the user and the server.
Please note that this privacy policy applies only to the Tallahassee Community College Web site. Once you leave the Tallahassee Community College Web site, by whatever method, this privacy policy is no longer in effect.
If you have other questions about our privacy policies or have ideas about improving our policies, please feel free to e-mail us at webcontent@tcc.fl.edu.
Disclaimer