http://www.eastantrim.co.uk/privacy.php
')
else if (is_ie4up)
document.write('')
else
document.write('')
-->
Short Corners,
Long Memories
ORDER TODAY
Contact Us
© Copyright 1996-
2020
East Antrim HC
All rights reserved.
Non Sibi Cunctus.
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment to Privacy
Our Privacy Policy was developed as an extension of our commitment to combine the highest-quality website
with the highest level of integrity in dealing with our visitors. The Policy is designed to assist you in
understanding how we collect, use and safeguard the personal information you provide to us and to assist
you in making informed decisions when using our site. This statement will be continuously assessed against
new technologies and our visitors' needs.
How Do We Use the Information That You Provide to Us?
eastantrim.co.uk believes strongly in protecting the privacy of users of its website.
When you provide us with personal information, an email notification is sent to the email address you
provide. The names and email addresses you provide are NOT compiled into any type of mailing list without
your express permission and will not be used for any type of email solicitation. eastantrim.co.uk
does not share the names and email addresses of users of its site with any other company.
Broadly speaking, we use personal information for purposes of administering our website activies,
Occasionally, we may also use the information we collect from our newsletter mailing list, to notify you
about important changes to our Web site, new services and special offers we think you will find valuable.
Email Information
If you choose to correspond further with us through email, we may retain the content of your email
messages together with your email address and our responses.
Notice of New Services and Changes
Occasionally, we may also use the information we collect to notify you about important changes to our
Web site, new services and special offers we think you will find valuable. As our visitor, you can always
notify us of your desire not to receive these offers by sending us a request.
Do We Disclose Information to Outside Parties?
We may provide aggregate information about our Web site traffic patterns and related
Web site information to our affiliates or reputable third parties, but this information will not include
personally identifying data, except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy.
What About Legally Compelled Disclosure of Information?
We may disclose information when legally compelled to do so, in other words, when we, in good faith,
believe that the law requires it or for the protection of our legal rights.
What About Other Web Sites Linked to Our Web Site?
We are not responsible for the practices employed by Web sites linked to or from our Web site nor the
information or content contained therein. Often links to other Web sites are provided solely as pointers
to information on topics that may be useful to the users of our Web site.
Please remember that when you use a link to go from our Web site to another Web site, our Privacy
Policy is no longer in effect. Your browsing and interaction on any other Web site, including Web
sites which have a link on our Web site, is subject to that Web site's own rules and policies.
Please read over those rules and policies before proceeding.
Your Consent
By using our Web site you consent to our collection and use of your personal information as described
in this Privacy Policy. If we change our privacy policies and procedures, we will post those changes
on our Web site to keep you aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what
circumstances we may disclose it.
If you have any questions concerning the privacy policies of eastantrim.co.uk which are not covered in
this statement, please send your questions to us.
home
the members
members only
news
fixtures/results
goal scorers
features
youth section
calendar
press releases
committees
finance
pitches
shopping
books
story of the club
centenary
statistics
archive photos
past captains
past members
past club awards
caption comp.
games
online predictor games
action shots
wallpaper
screensavers
videos
accolades
links
privacy policy
contact us