http://www.coolmore.com/pages/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy & GDPR ComplianceAt Coolmore Stud our priority is to provide the most professional service
possible to our valued customers. To that end we respect your privacy and value
your right to the simplest and most transparent understanding of how we conduct
our business, in our drive to be GDPR compliant.
At the bottom of the privacy policy it will be dated with the date it was last
updated for transparency. Whenever there is a change to our policy it will be
updated here, along with the date of the update. This policy is binding to
anyone who uses our website.
If you have any questions, concerns, or comments you can phone us on (052) 6131298
or send an email to contact@coolmore.ieHow do we collect personal
information?
We use specific actions on our website to collect personal information. We
collect details when you get in touch with us about our services by using our
contact forms.What type of information do we
collect?
The personal details we are most likely to collect are your name, postal
address, email, IP address and the pages you interacted with on our website and
when you did so.How do we use your information?
These are the ways we are most likely to use your information:
1. To get in contact with you about a query, question,
enquiry or order you made via our website
2. So we can get in touch when you fill in one our contact
formsWho is able to gain access to your
details?
As already stated, we utterly respect your right to privacy so you can rest
assured that under no circumstances will we sell or rent your information to
any third parties, nor will we give access to your details for marketing
purposes.What are your choices?
We require you to opt-in or give prior consent before we can contact you via
email, phone or text for any marketing and promotional purposes. We are also
unable to get into contact with you via your postal address if you have made it
clear you don’t want us to. You can also adjust your choices any time you wish
by emailing us at contact@coolmore.ie or phone us on (052) 6131298What are your rights?
In line with GDPR regulations which are in effect from 25th May 2018, you may
ask us for a copy of the details we hold on file for you. You can equally
request us to edit, adjust or delete any or all of this information. We are
obliged to deliver upon your request within 30 days under GDPR legislation.How do we protect your information?
Once you have given us personal details, we go to considerable lengths to
ensure it is protected. While we do our utmost to guarantee the safety of your
personal information, you also have to remember that details such as your email
address are being sent over the Internet, and as such we cannot 100% guarantee
the security of these; you send information to us over the Internet at your own
risk.
Once we get hold of your information, however, we do everything we can to
secure it on our systems through the use of secure servers and security
certificates (SSL).Breaches
If an extraordinary situation arises where any relative data has been breached,
hacked or stolen, it is our policy to notify you as soon as possible of such
breaches, along with our contingency plan limit any potential damage arising
from such a breach.Use of ‘cookies’
As with most websites, our website also makes use of cookies. These are
minuscule parts of information that are stored on your computer’s hard drive by
companies that enables them to identify you when you visit the site.
These cookies don’t collect any individual identification data, but rather just
statistical insights about the sites you visit and what your online behaviour
and patterns are. This actually assists us in improving user experience and
personalise your online interactions. You are also able to turn off cookies
using your browser settings if you wish.External links to other websites
Our website is likely to contain links to external websites that belong to
other companies. This document only serves as a privacy policy for this
website, and as such it’s imperative that you read the privacy documents
supplied by the other websites that you visit – even if it’s through a link on
our website.
Additionally, if you have accessed our website via an external link on another
site, then we cannot guarantee that they have the same privacy policy as us;
make sure you read their privacy documents to ensure that their practices are
in line with your expectations.Age of Consent
By using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in
your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in
your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow
any of your minor dependents to use this site.Policy reviews
We review and update this Privacy Statement on an ongoing basis.
This was last reviewed and updated May 2018.Sign UpBe the first to discover our latest news & stallion updatesFarmIrelandAmericaAustraliaNational HuntEmailFirst NameLast NameSign Up