https://www.raiders.com/about/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Advertising
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Reviewed and Effective April 20, 2020
PRIVACY POLICY
The Raiders value your patronage and respect your privacy. This Privacy Policy applies to the Raiders Football Club, LLC, Raiders Foundation, The Raider Image, LLC, and LV Stadium Events Company, LLC (collectively, "us," "we," or "our") and the websites listed below (each a "Site"), mobile applications, social media pages, and other electronic communications that we control and that post this Privacy Policy (collectively, "Online Applications").
www.raiders.com
www.allegiantstadium.com
www.raiderimage.com
The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to disclose to you what information we may collect, how we may collect it, with whom we may share it, and certain other matters related to such information, including the choices you have regarding our collection of your information and our use and disclosure to other parties of the information we may have collected from you. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected or obtained through any other sites, including sites affiliated with the National Football League (the "NFL") or its other member clubs.
1. Types of Information That May Be Collected
The following are the types of information we may collect:
Information You Provide Us
Personal information such as your user ID and password, name, email address, telephone number, physical address, birth date, financial information such as credit card or other payment information, gender, zip code, correspondence you send to us or the Online Applications, information provided as a part of a web survey or other online form (e.g. favorite player) or other information that may be collected via the Online Applications.
Site Usage Information
We may automatically receive and store certain types of information whenever you visit the Online Applications including but not limited to: your Internet Protocol ("IP") address, which is the number automatically assigned to your computer whenever you access the Internet and that can sometimes be used to derive your general geographic area; other unique identifiers, including mobile device identification numbers; search queries; your browser type and operating system; sites you visited before and after visiting the Online Applications; pages you view and links you click on within the Online Applications; geolocation information; information collected through cookies, web beacons, local shared objects, and other technologies; information about your interactions with e-mail messages, such as the links clicked on and whether the messages were received, opened, or forwarded; and Standard Server Log Information.
Communications Preference
When you open emails from the Online Applications, we may receive a confirmation noting you opened an email from us, if your computer supports such capabilities. We also may keep track of what emails we send you and what emails you may be receiving from us. Additionally, we keep a record of what emails you have opted to receive and not to receive.
Information from Other Sources
We may receive information about you from other sources, including information that you provide to our third-party service providers, and add such information to your personal information and our other records.
2. How Information May Be Collected
We may collect information from you in several different areas of the Online Applications, including but not limited to those described below:
Registration
You may be asked first to complete a registration form and provide personally identifiable information; you may also be asked to choose a user ID and password in order to take advantage of certain features the Online Applications may choose to offer, including, but not limited to, Newsletters, Contests, Forums, Rewards, or other subscription based services.
Newsletters and Site Emails
We may offer free newsletters to share information with you about the Online Applications, about us and our affiliates and subsidiaries, or about our business partners and advertisers and sponsors. You may receive a newsletter either by registering for a particular newsletter or in conjunction with a special feature or membership for which you have registered on the Online Applications. You may cancel your free email subscription by following the instructions provided through the Online Applications or, in some instances, in the designated area of certain newsletters or emails. We may know when you have opened any email.
Contests or Sweepstakes
We may operate contests and sweepstakes through the Online Applications, which may require registration. Your personally identifiable information may be used to contact you for winner notification, prize delivery confirmation, as permitted by the contest/sweepstakes rules, or other related purposes. We may ask your permission to allow us to post publicly some of your information on the Online Applications, such as on a winner's page, in the event you win a contest or sweepstakes. Except as required by applicable law, we will not post your information without your permission. In some instances, a third-party advertiser or sponsor may operate or host a contest or sweepstakes on the Online Applications and collect your information. In those cases where we are not the operator or host of the contest or sweepstakes, we have no control over the information collected and accordingly urge you to review the advertiser's or sponsor's privacy policy applicable to the contest or sweepstakes before participating.
Surveys or Voting
From time-to-time we may request personally identifiable information from you via surveys or voting polls. Participation is voluntary and you will have the opportunity to decide whether or not to disclose information. At times, you may have to register to vote or to take part in a survey.
Cookies
We may use cookies, pixel tags, Local Shared Objects (sometimes referred to as "Flash Cookies"), and similar technologies to automatically collect information and personalize advertisements on other websites. Cookies are small bits of code that are stored by your computer's web browser and that may automatically identify your browser to the Online Applications whenever your computer is used to visit the Online Applications. Pixel tags are very small images or small pieces of data embedded in images, also known as "web beacons" or "clear GIFs", that can recognize cookies, the time and date a page is viewed, a description of the page where the pixel tag is placed, and similar information from your computer or device. Local Shared Objects (sometimes referred to as "Flash Cookies") are similar to standard cookies except that they can be larger and are downloaded to a computer or mobile device by the Adobe Flash media player. Please note that you may need to take additional steps beyond changing your browser settings to refuse or disable Local Shared Objects and similar technologies. By using the Online Applications, you consent to our use of cookies and similar technologies. You can decide if and how your computer will accept a cookie by configuring your preferences or options in your browser. However, if you choose to reject cookies and similar technologies, you may not be able to use certain online products, services or features on the Online Applications.
IP Addresses and Click-stream Data
We may collect IP addresses and/or click-stream data for purposes of system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers and sponsors. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you access the Internet. Our computers identify your computer by its IP address. When you request Web pages from the Online Applications, our computers log your IP address. Click-stream data is information collected by our computers when you request Web pages from the Online Applications. Click-stream data may include such information as the page served, the time, the source of the request, the type of browser making the request, the preceding page view and other such non-personal information. When analyzed, this data helps us analyze how visitors arrive at the Online Applications, what type of content is most popular, what type of visitors in the aggregate are interested in particular kinds of content and advertising, and the like.
Transaction Information
If you order any information from the Online Applications, buy any of our products or subscribe for any of the services offered on the Online Applications, we will ask you to complete an order form that will request certain information from you, including financial information such as a credit card number and expiration date and general contact, billing and shipping information. We will use this information to complete the transaction that you have requested, i.e., to deliver the information, products or other services that you order, and to invoice you. Such information is collected and stored through encrypted means for your protection.
3. How We Use The Information Collected
We own the information collected via the Online Applications. As applicable, the information you provide to us may be used to:
contact you about the Online Applications;
contact you regarding your membership status;
confirm or fulfill an order you have made;
consider grants or donation requests;
monitor or improve the use of the Online Applications;
publish stories, comments, photos, and other information;
issue press releases or make public statements, including through the Online Applications, regarding grants or prizes awarded or donations made to you;
perform business analyses;
customize the advertising and content you see on Online Applications and other websites;
monitor compliance with our terms and conditions of use of Online Applications;
provide you special offers or information regarding products and the Online Applications;
send you promotional material on behalf of our partners; or
inform you of a prize you have won.
4. With Whom The Information May Be Shared
At times, we may share your personally identifiable information with others for various purposes. The following outlines the ways in which your information may be shared with others:
Service Providers: We employ other businesses, certain services and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include fulfilling orders, sending e-mail, removing repetitive information from customer lists, Online Applications analysis, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. They may have access to personally identifiable information needed to perform their functions but may not use it for other purposes. We are not responsible for any information that you provide directly to service providers and are not responsible for their privacy practices. You should review the privacy practices of such service providers prior to providing your personally identifiable information.
Subsidiaries and Affiliates: We may share your information with all members of the NFL Family, including, without limitation, NFL Properties LLC, NFL International LLC, NFL Enterprises LLC, NFL Ventures, L.P., and NFL Ventures, Inc.
Business Partners: We may send offers to you on behalf of other partners. If you do not want to receive such offers, you may opt out in the email or change your preferences.
Aggregate Information: We may share aggregate information such as demographics and Site usage statistics to advertisers, sponsors or other organizations. When this type of information is shared, the other parties do not have access to your personally identifiable information. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of our business partners.
Opt-in and Opt-out Programs: Throughout the Online Applications you may be presented with opportunities to receive special offers from third parties. An opt-in/opt-out message will ask you if you would like your information to be shared. If you do choose to have your information shared, in an effort to protect you, third parties who have access to personally identifiable information must abide by the current Privacy Policy. However, we are not responsible for the privacy practices of these other companies, and you should review the privacy practices of such websites prior to providing your personally identifiable information.
Third-Party Ad Serving & Audience and Traffic Measurement Applications: The Online Applications may use a third-party network advertiser to serve the advertisements on the Online Applications or may use a traffic measurement service to analyze the traffic on the Online Applications. These third parties may set their own cookies or similar web technologies to collect information about users' online activities over time and across different websites.
Raiders Partners, Subsidiaries and Affiliates: We may share your information (including, without limitation, personally identifiable information) with our subsidiaries, affiliates, sponsors and/or advertisers.
Business Transfers: All or a portion of the Online Applications may be sold along with some or all of our assets, or other transactions may occur in which your personally identifiable information is one of the business assets transferred. In such a case, your personally identifiable information, which we have gathered, may be one of the business assets we transfer.
Legal Process: In the event we are required to respond to subpoenas, court orders or other legal process, your personally identifiable information may be disclosed pursuant to such subpoena, court order or legal process, which may be without notice to you.
Interactive Features: We may share information with third parties when you post information to a user profile or a public area of the Online Applications, such as a chat room, forum, blog, or other community tool. If you post to these interactive features, it will be publicly available and you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties. We cannot ensure that parties who have access to such information will respect your privacy. Please exercise caution when using these features.
Public Statements: We may issue press releases or make public statements, including posting information on the Online Applications, announcing grants, prizes, or donations awarded to users of the Online Applications, which may include your name or other personal information as the recipient of any such award.
We may use your non-personal information, including de-aggregated or de-identified personal information, at our sole discretion.
In addition, we may allow third parties to place and read their own cookies, web beacons, Local Shared Objects, and similar technologies to collect information through the Online Applications. For example, our third-party service providers may use these technologies to collect information that helps us with traffic measurement, research, and analytics.
5. Links To Other Websites
You should be aware that when you are on the Online Applications you could be directed to other websites beyond our control. For example, if you "click" on an advertisement, the "click" may take you off the Online Applications onto a different website. This includes links from advertisers, sponsors and partners that may use the Online Service's logo as part of a co-branding agreement. You may also be directed to our third-party service providers' websites. These other websites may send their own cookies to you, independently collect data or solicit personal information and may or may not have their own published privacy policies. If you visit a website that is linked to the Online Applications, you should consult that site's privacy policy before providing any personal information.
6. Social Networking Services
We have worked with certain third-party social media providers to offer you their social networking services through the Online Applications. For example, you can use third-party social networking services, including but not limited to Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Snapchat and others to share information about your experience on the Online Applications with your friends and followers on those social networking services. These social networking services may be able to collect information about you, including your activity on the Online Applications. These third-party social networking services also may notify your friends and other third parties, both on the Online Applications and on the social networking services themselves, that you are a user of the Online Applications or about your use of the Online Applications, in accordance with applicable law and their own privacy policies. If you choose to access or make use of third-party social networking services, we may receive information about you that you have made available to those social networking services, including information about your contacts on those social networking services.
You also may be able to link an account from a social networking service (e.g., Facebook, Google+, Yahoo!) to an account through the Online Applications. This may allow you to use your credentials from the other site or service to sign-in to certain features on the Online Applications. If you link your account from a third-party site or service, we may collect information from those third-party accounts, and any information that we collect will be governed by this Privacy Policy.
7. Security
The Online Applications incorporate reasonable safeguards to protect the security, integrity, completeness, accuracy and privacy of the personal information that we may collect and we have put into place reasonable precautions to protect such information from loss, misuse and alteration. Your personally identifiable information is transferred to our computers utilizing encryption software. Only those employees who need access to your information in order to do their jobs are allowed access. Our security policies are reviewed periodically and revised as required.
8. A Special Note For Parents Concerning Privacy
The Online Applications do not knowingly collect, use, or disclose personal information from children under the age of 13, except as permitted by the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA"). If we are made aware that we have collected personal information from a child under 13 years old in a manner that is inconsistent with COPPA, we will delete this information as soon as possible.
9. Notification of Changes And Your Acceptance Of The Privacy Policy
By using the Online Applications, you signify your agreement to the terms of our Privacy Policy. If we decide to change or update this Privacy Policy, we will give you notice of the changes made so you can be aware of such revised Privacy Policy. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify you by way of an email or some other means. Your continued use of the Online Applications shall constitute your acceptance of such revised Privacy Policy.
10. Opt-Out
You may choose to receive promotional emails, newsletters, and similar communications from us. You may opt out of receiving commercial emails from us by clicking on the opt-out or "unsubscribe" link included in the commercial e-mails you receive. Please note that opt-out requests may take some time to be effective. Your opt-out request will not apply to messages that you request or that are not commercial in nature. For example, we may contact you concerning any purchases you have made with us, even if you opt out of receiving unsolicited commercial email messages.
If your information changes, or if you no longer desire to use the Online Applications, you may request that we update or remove certain information by signing into your account and making the required changes, by emailing privacy@raiders.com, or by contacting us at the contact information listed below. We will try to respond to your request within 30 days.
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
11. California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section 1798 provides California residents several privacy rights, including:
· Disclosure Rights: Californian consumers have the right to request in writing from a business, (a) a list of the categories of personal information, such as name, address, e–mail address, and the type of services provided to the customer, that a business has disclosed to third parties (including independent affiliates that are separate legal entities) during the immediately preceding calendar year for the third parties' direct marketing purposes, and (b) the names and addresses of all such third parties.
· Deletion Rights: Californian consumers have the right to have their personal information deleted, unless the personal information is necessary for the business or service provider to:
complete a transaction for which the personal information was collected or provide a good or service requested by the consumer or otherwise perform a contract between the business and the consumer;
detect security incidents;
protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity (or prosecute those responsible);
debug to identify and repair functionality errors;
exercise or ensure the right of another to exercise free speech or another legal right;
comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act, which compels the production of or access to electronic communication information or electronic device information with a search warrant;
engage in research in the public interest (if the consumer has provided informed consent);
to enable solely internal uses aligned with the consumer's expectations given their relationship with the business;
comply with a legal obligation; and
otherwise use the information internally in a lawful manner compatible with the context in which the consumer provided it.
· Do Not Sell: Californian consumers have the right to opt-out of having their personal information sold. We do not sell personal information.
In addition, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. In some cases, third parties may be able to collect information about a user's online activities over time and across different websites when he or she uses the Online Applications.
Finally, California Business and Professions Code Section 22581 permits minors to request and obtain removal of content or information posted to the Online Applications by minors. Please understand that a request for removal does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information posted on the Online Applications.
To make requests pursuant to the above provisions, please send an email to privacy@raiders.com, or write us at:
Las Vegas Raiders
Attn: Internet Services Department - Privacy
1475 Raiders Way
Henderson, Nevada 89052
We will handle the request under applicable law. When a request is made, we may verify your identity to protect your privacy and security. We will respond to written requests within 30 days following receipt of your written request at the e–mail or mailing address stated above. If we receive your request at a different e–mail or mailing address, we will respond within a reasonable period of time, but not to exceed 150 days from the date received.
12. California Do Not Track Disclosures
Some web browsers may transmit "do-not-track" signals to the websites with which the user communicates. Because of differences in how web browsers incorporate and activate this feature, it is not always clear whether users intend for these signals to be transmitted, or whether they are aware of them. Because there currently is no industry standard concerning what, if anything, websites should do when they receive such signals, we currently do not take action in response to these signals.
13. Nevada Do Not Sell Disclosure
Nevada law entitles you to request that we refrain from sale of your personal information. We do not sell your personal information. If you have a question or concern, please contact us at privacy@raiders.com for more information.
14. International Users
Please note that the Online Applications are directed towards users who reside in the United States. By using the Online Applications, you consent to the collection, storage, processing, and transfer of your information in and to the United States, or other countries and territories, pursuant to the laws of the United States. While some of these countries may not offer the same level of privacy protection as your own, we commit to uphold the privacy protections as explained in this Policy.
15. Correcting/Updating Personal Information
If your personally identifiable information changes (such as your zip code), or if you no longer desire to access the Online Applications, we will endeavor to provide a way to correct, update or remove the personal data you have provided to us. This can be done by making changes to your profile, by using an opt out message in an email, or by emailing the Internet Services Department at privacy@raiders.com.
Third-Party Ad Serving and Audience and Traffic Measurement Applications: We may use third parties to serve advertisements on the Online Applications. These third parties may set their own cookies or similar web technologies to collect information about users' online activities over time and across different websites. To manage your preferences, you may opt out at this link – http://preferences-mgr.truste.com/. The Online Applications may feature Nielsen proprietary measurement software, which will allow users to contribute to market research, such as Nielsen TV Ratings. Nielsen believes that you should have a choice about whether to contribute to our research and insights. To opt out of Nielsen measurement, you need only to activate the "Limit Ad Tracking" (for iOS devices) or "Opt out of Ads Personalization" (for Android devices) option in your device's settings. For web access, please visit: http://www.nielsen.com/digitalprivacy to learn more about the Nielsen digital measurement products and your choices regarding them.
Questions
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the privacy practices of the Online Applications, please email privacy@raiders.com or mail your questions to:
Las Vegas Raiders
Attn: Internet Services Department - Privacy
1475 Raiders Way
Henderson, Nevada 89052
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.
Copyright Notice
All of the material contained within the Online Applications are copyrighted by the Raiders or its affiliates and may not be reproduced in any form without our express written permission. This includes text, photos, audio and video. Photos are copyrighted by the Raiders unless otherwise indicated by appropriate photo credit. All marks, logotype, helmet graphics and slogans are trademarks of the Raiders or its affiliates and cannot be used without permission of its owner.
Pursuant to Title 17, United States Code, § 512(c)(2), if you believe in good faith that your copyrighted work has been reproduced and is accessible in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide our Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") Agent with a written communication containing the following information (IMPORTANT NOTE: ONLY DMCA NOTICES WILL RECEIVE A RESPONSE):
(a) identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed;
(b) identification of the allegedly infringing material that is requested to be removed;
(c) your name, address and daytime telephone number, and an e-mail address if available, so that we may contact you if necessary;
(d) a statement that you have a good faith belief that the use of the copyrighted work is not authorized by you or the law;
(e) a statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are, or are authorized to act on behalf of, the owner of an exclusive copyright right that is allegedly infringed; and
(f) an electronic or physical signature of you or someone authorized on the copyright owner's behalf, to assert infringement of copyright and to submit the statement.
Claims of infringement which include the above required information must be submitted via postal mail or e-mail to the Raiders' DMCA Agent as follows:
DMCA Agent
Las Vegas Raiders
1475 Raiders Way
Henderson, Nevada 89052
702-520-2020 (phone)
privacy@raiders.com (Please include "DMCA Notice of Infringement" in the subject line).
IMPORTANT NOTE: The foregoing information is provided exclusively for notifying the Raiders that your copyrighted material may have been infringed. All other inquires and requests may not receive a response through this process. We reserve the right to remove any posted submission that infringes the copyright of any person under the laws of the United States upon receipt of a notice that complies with the requirements of 17 U.S.C. § 512(c)(3). United States law provides significant penalties for submitting such a statement falsely.
Advertising
Big left arrow icon
Big right arrow icon
Close icon
Copy Url
Three dots icon
Down arrow icon
Email icon
Email icon
Exit Fullscreen icon
External link icon
Facebook logo
Football icon
Facebook logo
Instagram logo
Snapchat logo
YouTube logo
TikTok logo
Spotify logo
LinkedIn logo
Grid icon
Key icon
Left arrow icon
Link icon
Location icon
Mail icon
Menu icon
Open icon
Phone icon
Play icon
Radio icon
Rewind icon
Right arrow icon
Search icon
Select icon
Selected icon
TV icon
Twitter logo
Twitter logo
Up arrow icon
User icon
Audio icon
Tickets iconAdd to calendar iconNFC icon
AFC icon
NFL icon
Carousel IconList ViewWebsite
InstagramTwitterFacebookSnapchatShop IconProfile Overlay
AvatarAddAirplayArrow LeftArrow RightArrow UpArrow DownAudioBack 5sBack 10sBack 30sCalendarChartCheckDownLeftRightUpChromecast OffChromecast OnCloseClosed CaptionsBench OffBench OnBroad OffBroad OnVertical OffVertical OnCommentDockDoneDownloadDraftFantasyFilterForward 5sForward 10sForward 30sFull Screen OffFull Screen OnGamepassGamesInsightsKeyLeaveLiveCombineDraftFantasyMenu GamesMenu NetworkMenu NewsMenu PlayoffsMenu Pro BowlMenu ShopMenu StandingsMenu StatsMenu Super BowlMenu TeamsMenu TicketsMenuMore HorizontalMore VerticalMy LocationNetworkNewsPauseplayMultiple PlayersSingle PlayerPlaylistPlayoffsPro BowlPurgeRefreshRemoveReplaySearchSettingsShare AndroidShare Copy URLShare EmailShare FacebookShare InstagramShare iOSShare SnapchatShare TwitterSkip NextSkip PreviousStandingsStarStatsSwapTeamsTicketsVideoVisibility OffVisibility OnVolume HiVolume LowVolume MediumVolume MuteWarningWebsite
Caret downCaret upAt
The browser you are using is no longer supported on this site. It is highly recommended that you use the latest versions of a supported browser in order to receive an optimal viewing experience. The following browsers are supported: Chrome, Edge (v80 and later), Firefox and Safari.
Got it!