http://www.duderanch.org/privacy-policy
The Dude Ranchers’ Association understands that the protection and security of your account information, and any other information that is personally identifiable, is of utmost importance. We collect personal information you choose to share with us and our partners so we can provide you with a more customized experience. Your information is kept secure through industry norms. When you complete one of the forms such as the contact us or brochure request forms on our website that information is given to the ranches located in the state you indicated you wanted more information from.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the website user’s hard drive containing information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. We use cookies to store visitors’ preferences, record session information, record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit, record past activity at a site in order to provide better service when visitors return to our site and to customize website content based on visitors’ browser type or other information that the visitor sends. Once the user closes their browser, the cookie simply terminates. If a user rejects the cookie, they may still use our site. Some of our business partners use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers). However, we have no access to or control over these cookies.
Sharing
We will share aggregated demographic information with our ranchers when appropriate.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that the Dude Ranchers’ Association is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware of this when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this website.
Security
This website takes every precaution to protect our users when they submit sensitive information via the website, their information is protected both online and off-line. While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line. All of our users’ information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personally identifiable information. Furthermore, ALL employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices. Finally, the servers that we store personally identifiable information on are kept in a secure environment. If you have any questions about the security at our website, you can send an email.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our Homepage so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use,  and under the circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we would notify users by way of an email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
Call the association: 307.587.2339
Sign Up for Our Newsletter | Login | Site Map
Website design & hosting by: InsideOut Solutions
This site uses cookies.
By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
Review our privacy policy for more information.
Follow & Connect:
Telephone Email Facebook Twitter Pinterest Instagram
Youtube
Like & Share:
Twitter
Facebook