http://www.atkinsonresort.com/privacy
Call us: (603) 362-8700
Atkinson Resort & Country Club
GOLF
VIRTUAL GOLF
MEMBERSHIP
GOLF ACADEMY
MEET THE INSTRUCTORS
AVAILABLE TECHNOLOGY
GOLF CAMPS AND CLINICS
5 MINUTE GOLF TIPS
GOLF OUTINGS
COURSE LAYOUT
WEDDINGS
DINING
FUNCTIONS
FUNCTION SPACES
LODGING
RESORT ROOMS
ABOUT US
WHO WE ARE
OUR HISTORY
EVENTS
PURCHASE A GIFT CARD
BLOG
EMPLOYMENT
LOGIN
privacy
Privacy Policy  Atkinson Resort is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the Atkinson Resort Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the Atkinson Resort website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of Your Personal Information Atkinson Resort collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Atkinson Resort also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by Atkinson Resort. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by Atkinson Resort for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Atkinson Resort Web site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Atkinson Resort public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Atkinson Resort does not read any of your private online communications.
Atkinson Resort encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from Atkinson Resort so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. Atkinson Resort is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Atkinson Resort and Atkinson Resort family of Web sites.
Use of Your Personal Information Atkinson Resort collects and uses your personal information to operate the Atkinson Resort Web site and deliver the services you have requested. Atkinson Resort also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Atkinson Resort and its affiliates. Atkinson Resort may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Atkinson Resort does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Atkinson Resort may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Atkinson Resort may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Atkinson Resort, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Atkinson Resort does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Atkinson Resort keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within Atkinson Resort, in order to determine what Atkinson Resort services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Atkinson Resort to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Atkinson Resort Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Atkinson Resort or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Atkinson Resort; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Atkinson Resort, or the public.
Use of Cookies The Atkinson Resort Web site use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Atkinson Resort pages, or register with Atkinson Resort site or services, a cookie helps Atkinson Resort to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Atkinson Resort Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Atkinson Resort features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Atkinson Resort services or Web sites you visit.
Types of Data Collected Among the types of Personal Data that this website collects, by itself or through third parties, there are: Cookies and Usage Data.
Complete details on each type of Personal Data collected are provided in the dedicated sections of this privacy policy or by specific explanation texts displayed prior to the Data collection.The Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or, in case of Usage Data, collected automatically when using this Website.
All Data requested by this website is mandatory and failure to provide this Data may make it impossible for this website to provide its services. In cases where this website specifically states that some Data is not mandatory, Users are free not to communicate this Data without any consequences on the availability or the functioning of the service.
Users who are uncertain about which Personal Data is mandatory are welcome to contact the Owner.
Any use of Cookies – or of other tracking tools – by this website or by the owners of third party services used by this website serves the purpose of providing the service required by the User, in addition to any other purposes described in the present document and in the Cookie Policy, if available.Users are responsible for any third party Personal Data obtained, published or shared through this website and confirm that they have the third party's consent to provide the Data to the Owner.
Mode and Place of Processing the Data
Methods of processingThe Data Controller processes the Data of Users in a proper manner and shall take appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the Data.
The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Data Controller, in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of the site (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner. The updated list of these parties may be requested from the Data Controller at any time.
Place The Data is processed at the Data Controller's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved with the processing are located. For further information, please contact the Data Controller.
Retention time
The Data is kept for the time necessary to provide the service requested by the User, or stated by the purposes outlined in this document, and the User can always request that the Data Controller suspend or remove the data. The Use of the Collected Data
The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its services, as well as for the following purposes: Analytics and Interaction with external social networks and platforms.
The Personal Data used for each purpose is outlined in the specific sections of this document.
Detailed Information on the Processing of Personal Data
Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services:
Analytics: The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior.
Adobe Analytics (Adobe Systems Incorporated)
Adobe Analytics is an analytics service provided by Adobe Systems, Inc.Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
– Opt Out
Analytics Collected Directly (This Website)This Website uses an internal analytics system that does not involve third parties.Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Facebook Ads & Facebook Conversion Tracking Pixel (Facebook, Inc.)Our website utilizes the Conversion Tracking Pixel service of Facebook Inc. This tool allows us to follow the actions of Facebook users after they are redirected to the Website by clicking on a Facebook advertisement. We are thus able to record the efficacy of Facebook advertisements for statistical and market research purposes. The collected data remain anonymous. This means that we cannot see the personal data of any individual user. However, the collected data are saved and processed by Facebook. Facebook may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. Facebook Conversion Tracking also allows Facebook and its partners to show you advertisements on and outside Facebook. In addition, a cookie will be saved onto your computer for these purposes.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
– Opt Out
Google Analytics with Anonymized IP (Google Inc.)
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of this Application, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.
Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
This integration of Google Analytics anonymizes your IP address. It works by shortening Users' IP addresses within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the complete IP address be sent to a Google server and shortened within the US.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
– Opt Out
Google Analytics - Google Display Network Impression Reporting, the DoubleClick Campaign Manager integration, Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting, Display Advertising extension for Google Analytics, DoubleClick for Publishers Audience Extension, and Remarketing through Google Analytics for Display Advertising (Google Inc.)
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of this Application, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.
Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
This website uses the Google AdWords remarketing service to advertise on third party websites (including Google) to previous visitors to our site. It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven’t completed a task on our site, for example using the contact form to make an enquiry. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to the Atkinson Resort & Country Club website. Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google’s privacy policy.
You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Preferences page, and if you want to you can opt out of interest-based advertising entirely by cookie settings or permanently using a browser plugin.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
– Opt Out
Google Tag Manager (Google Inc.)
Google Tag Manager is an analytics service provided by Google Inc.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
Contacting the User Contact Form (This Website)
By filling in the contact form with their Data, the User authorizes this Website to use these details to reply to requests for information, quotes or any other kind of request as indicated by the form’s header.Personal Data collected: address, city, company name, country, email address, fax number, first name, last name, phone number, state, various types of Data and ZIP/Postal code.
Managing Contacts and Sending MessagesThis type of service makes it possible to manage a database of email contacts, phone contacts or any other contact information to communicate with the User.These services may also collect data concerning the date and time when the message was viewed by the User, as well as when the User interacted with it, such as by clicking on links included in the message.
Constant Contact (Constant Contact, Inc.)Constant Contact is an email address management and message sending service provided by Constant Contact, Inc.Personal Data collected: email address.Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
MailChimp (The Rocket Science Group, LLC.)MailChimp is an email address management and message sending service provided by The Rocket Science Group, LLC.Personal Data collected: email address.Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
Interaction with External Social Networks and PlatformsThis type of service allows interaction with social networks or other external platforms directly from the pages of this Website.The interaction and information obtained through this Website are always subject to the User’s privacy settings for each social network.This type of service might still collect traffic data for the pages where the service is installed, even when Users do not use it.
Facebook Like Button and Social Widgets (Facebook, Inc.)The Facebook Like button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the Facebook social network provided by Facebook, Inc.Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
Google Maps Widget (Google Inc.)
Google Maps is a maps visualization service provided by Google Inc. that allows this Application to incorporate content of this kind on its pages.Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
Instagram Widget (Instagram, Inc.)Instagram is an image visualization service provided by Instagram, Inc. that allows this Application to incorporate content of this kind on its pages.Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
Google+ +1 Button and Social Widgets (Google Inc.)The Google+ +1 button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the Google+ social network provided by Google Inc.Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
Twitter Tweet Button and Social Widgets (Twitter, Inc.)The Twitter Tweet button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the Twitter social network provided by Twitter, Inc.Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
YouTube Button and Social Widgets (Google Inc.)The YouTube button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the YouTube social network provided by Google Inc.Personal Data collected: Usage Data.Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
Displaying Content from External PlatformsThis type of service allows you to view content hosted on external platforms directly from the pages of this Application and interact with them.This type of service might still collect web traffic data for the pages where the service is installed, even when Users do not use it.
YouTube Video Widget (Google Inc.)YouTube is a video content visualization service provided by Google Inc. that allows this Application to incorporate content of this kind on its pages.Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
Additional information About Data Collection and Processing Legal ActionThe User's Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Data Controller, in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of this Application or the related services.The User declares to be aware that the Data Controller may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities.
Additional Information About User's Personal DataIn addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, this Application may provide the User with additional and contextual information concerning particular services or the collection and processing of Personal Data upon request.
System Logs and MaintenanceFor operation and maintenance purposes, this Application and any third party services may collect files that record interaction with this Application (System logs) or use for this purpose other Personal Data (such as IP Address).
Information Not Contained in This PolicyMore details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be requested from the Data Controller at any time. Please see the contact information at the beginning of this document.
The Rights of Users
Users have the right, at any time, to know whether their Personal Data has been stored and can consult the Data Controller to learn about their contents and origin, to verify their accuracy or to ask for them to be supplemented, cancelled, updated or corrected, or for their transformation into anonymous format or to block any data held in violation of the law, as well as to oppose their treatment for any and all legitimate reasons. Requests should be sent to the Data Controller at the contact information set out above.This Application does not support “Do Not Track” requests. To determine whether any of the third party services it uses honor the “Do Not Track” requests, please read their privacy policies.
Changes to this Privacy PolicyThe Data Controller reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by giving notice to its Users on this page. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom. If a User objects to any of the changes to the Policy, the User must cease using this Application and can request that the Data Controller remove the Personal Data. Unless stated otherwise, the then-current privacy policy applies to all Personal Data the Data Controller has about Users.
Security of your Personal InformationAtkinson Resort secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Atkinson Resort secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this StatementAtkinson Resort will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Atkinson Resort encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Atkinson Resort is protecting your information.
General
The Website is directed to adults and is not directed to children under the age of 18. Atkinson Resort & Country Club complies with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act and does not permit registration by and will not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under 13. This Policy will be posted wherever Atkinson Resort & Country Club collects data within the Website, such as during the registration process, and will be linked through our Terms of Use on all pages.
Contact InformationAtkinson Resort welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Atkinson Resort has not adhered to this Statement, please contact our marketing department at lhusson@atkinsoncc.com. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
Terms of Use
AGREEMENT BETWEEN USER AND Atkinson Resort
The Atkinson Resort Web Site is comprised of various Web pages operated by Atkinson Resort.
The Atkinson Resort Web Site is offered to you conditioned on your acceptance
without modification of the terms, conditions, and notices contained herein. Your
use of the Atkinson Resort Web Site constitutes your agreement to all such terms,
conditions, and notices.
MODIFICATION OF THESE TERMS OF USE Atkinson Resort reserves the right to change the terms, conditions, and notices
under which the Atkinson Resort Web Site is offered, including but not limited
to the charges associated with the use of the Atkinson Resort Web Site.
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES
The Atkinson Resort Web Site may contain links to other Web Sites ("Linked Sites").
The Linked Sites are not under the control of Atkinson Resort and Atkinson Resort
is not responsible for the contents of any Linked Site, including without limitation
any link contained in a Linked Site, or any changes or updates to a Linked Site.
Atkinson Resort is not responsible for webcasting or any other form of transmission
received from any Linked Site. Atkinson Resort is providing these links to you
only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement
by Atkinson Resort of the site or any association with its operators.
NO UNLAWFUL OR PROHIBITED USE
As a condition of your use of the Atkinson Resort Web Site, you warrant to Atkinson Resort
that you will not use the Atkinson Resort Web Site for any purpose that is unlawful
or prohibited by these terms, conditions, and notices. You may not use the Atkinson Resort
Web Site in any manner which could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the Atkinson Resort
Web Site or interfere with any other party's use and enjoyment of the Atkinson Resort
Web Site. You may not obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through
any means not intentionally made available or provided for through the Atkinson Resort
Web Sites.
USE OF COMMUNICATION SERVICES
The Atkinson Resort Web Site may contain bulletin board services, chat areas,
news groups, forums, communities, personal web pages, calendars, and/or other message
or communication facilities designed to enable you to communicate with the public
at large or with a group (collectively, "Communication Services"), you agree to
use the Communication Services only to post, send and receive messages and material
that are proper and related to the particular Communication Service. By way of example,
and not as a limitation, you agree that when using a Communication Service, you
will not:
Defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise violate the legal rights (such
as rights of privacy and publicity) of others.
Publish, post, upload, distribute or disseminate any inappropriate, profane, defamatory,
infringing, obscene, indecent or unlawful topic, name, material or information.
Upload files that contain software or other material protected by intellectual property
laws (or by rights of privacy of publicity) unless you own or control the rights
thereto or have received all necessary consents.
Upload files that contain viruses, corrupted files, or any other similar software
or programs that may damage the operation of another's computer.
Advertise or offer to sell or buy any goods or services for any business purpose,
unless such Communication Service specifically allows such messages.
Conduct or forward surveys, contests, pyramid schemes or chain letters.
Download any file posted by another user of a Communication Service that you know,
or reasonably should know, cannot be legally distributed in such manner.
Falsify or delete any author attributions, legal or other proper notices or proprietary
designations or labels of the origin or source of software or other material contained
in a file that is uploaded.
Restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the Communication Services.
Violate any code of conduct or other guidelines which may be applicable for any particular Communication Service.
Harvest or otherwise collect information about others, including e-mail addresses, without their consent.
Violate any applicable laws or regulations.
Atkinson Resort has no obligation to monitor the Communication Services. However,
Atkinson Resort reserves the right to review materials posted to a Communication
Service and to remove any materials in its sole discretion. Atkinson Resort
reserves the right to terminate your access to any or all of the Communication Services
at any time without notice for any reason whatsoever. Atkinson Resort reserves the right at all times to disclose any information
as necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental
request, or to edit, refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in
whole or in part, in Atkinson Resort's sole discretion.
Always use caution when giving out any personally identifying information about
yourself or your children in any Communication Service. Atkinson Resort does
not control or endorse the content, messages or information found in any Communication
Service and, therefore, Atkinson Resort specifically disclaims any liability
with regard to the Communication Services and any actions resulting from your participation
in any Communication Service. Managers and hosts are not authorized Atkinson Resort
spokespersons, and their views do not necessarily reflect those of Atkinson Resort.
Materials uploaded to a Communication Service may be subject to posted limitations
on usage, reproduction and/or dissemination. You are responsible for adhering to
such limitations if you download the materials.
MATERIALS PROVIDED TO Atkinson Resort OR POSTED AT ANY Atkinson Resort
WEB SITE
Atkinson Resort does not claim ownership of the materials you provide to Atkinson Resort
(including feedback and suggestions) or post, upload, input or submit to any Atkinson Resort
Web Site or its associated services (collectively "Submissions"). However, by posting,
uploading, inputting, providing or submitting your Submission you are granting Atkinson Resort,
its affiliated companies and necessary sublicensees permission to use your Submission
in connection with the operation of their Internet businesses including, without
limitation, the rights to: copy, distribute, transmit, publicly display, publicly
perform, reproduce, edit, translate and reformat your Submission; and to publish
your name in connection with your Submission.
No compensation will be paid with respect to the use of your Submission, as provided
herein. Atkinson Resort is under no obligation to post or use any Submission
you may provide and may remove any Submission at any time in Atkinson Resort's
sole discretion.
By posting, uploading, inputting, providing or submitting your Submission you warrant
and represent that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to your Submission
as described in this section including, without limitation, all the rights necessary
for you to provide, post, upload, input or submit the Submissions.
LIABILITY DISCLAIMER THE INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, AND SERVICES INCLUDED IN OR AVAILABLE THROUGH
THE Atkinson Resort WEB SITE MAY INCLUDE INACCURACIES OR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS.
CHANGES ARE PERIODICALLY ADDED TO THE INFORMATION HEREIN. Atkinson Resort AND/OR
ITS SUPPLIERS MAY MAKE IMPROVEMENTS AND/OR CHANGES IN THE Atkinson Resort WEB
SITE AT ANY TIME. ADVICE RECEIVED VIA THE Atkinson Resort WEB SITE SHOULD NOT
BE RELIED UPON FOR PERSONAL, MEDICAL, LEGAL OR FINANCIAL DECISIONS AND YOU SHOULD
CONSULT AN APPROPRIATE PROFESSIONAL FOR SPECIFIC ADVICE TAILORED TO YOUR SITUATION.
Atkinson Resort AND/OR ITS SUPPLIERS MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE SUITABILITY,
RELIABILITY, AVAILABILITY, TIMELINESS, AND ACCURACY OF THE INFORMATION, SOFTWARE,
PRODUCTS, SERVICES AND RELATED GRAPHICS CONTAINED ON THE Atkinson Resort WEB
SITE FOR ANY PURPOSE. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ALL SUCH
INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, SERVICES AND RELATED GRAPHICS ARE PROVIDED "AS
IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OR CONDITION OF ANY KIND. Atkinson Resort AND/OR ITS SUPPLIERS
HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS WITH REGARD TO THIS INFORMATION, SOFTWARE,
PRODUCTS, SERVICES AND RELATED GRAPHICS, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL Atkinson Resort
AND/OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES
FOR LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THE
USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE Atkinson Resort WEB SITE, WITH THE DELAY OR INABILITY
TO USE THE Atkinson Resort WEB SITE OR RELATED SERVICES, THE PROVISION OF OR
FAILURE TO PROVIDE SERVICES, OR FOR ANY INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, SERVICES
AND RELATED GRAPHICS OBTAINED THROUGH THE Atkinson Resort WEB SITE, OR OTHERWISE
ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THE Atkinson Resort WEB SITE, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT,
TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF Atkinson Resort OR
ANY OF ITS SUPPLIERS HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGES. BECAUSE SOME
STATES/JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL
OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED
WITH ANY PORTION OF THE Atkinson Resort WEB SITE, OR WITH ANY OF THESE TERMS
OF USE, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE USING THE Atkinson Resort
WEB SITE.
SERVICE CONTACT : marketing@atkinsoncc.com
TERMINATION/ACCESS RESTRICTION
Atkinson Resort reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate your
access to the Atkinson Resort Web Site and the related services or any portion
thereof at any time, without notice. GENERAL To the maximum extent permitted by
law, this agreement is governed by the laws of the State of Washington, U.S.A. and
you hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of courts in San Mateo County,
California, U.S.A. in all disputes arising out of or relating to the use of the
Atkinson Resort Web Site. Use of the Atkinson Resort Web Site is unauthorized
in any jurisdiction that does not give effect to all provisions of these terms and
conditions, including without limitation this paragraph. You agree that no joint
venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists between you and
Atkinson Resort as a result of this agreement or use of the Atkinson Resort
Web Site. Atkinson Resort's performance of this agreement is subject to existing
laws and legal process, and nothing contained in this agreement is in derogation
of Atkinson Resort's right to comply with governmental, court and law enforcement
requests or requirements relating to your use of the Atkinson Resort Web Site
or information provided to or gathered by Atkinson Resort with respect to such
use. If any part of this agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable
pursuant to applicable law including, but not limited to, the warranty disclaimers
and liability limitations set forth above, then the invalid or unenforceable provision
will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches
the intent of the original provision and the remainder of the agreement shall continue
in effect. Unless otherwise specified herein, this agreement constitutes the entire
agreement between the user and Atkinson Resort with respect to the Atkinson Resort
Web Site and it supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals,
whether electronic, oral or written, between the user and Atkinson Resort with
respect to the Atkinson Resort Web Site. A printed version of this agreement
and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative
proceedings based upon or relating to this agreement to the same extent an d subject
to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated
and maintained in printed form. It is the express wish to the parties that this
agreement and all related documents be drawn up in English.
COPYRIGHT AND TRADEMARK NOTICES:
All contents of the Atkinson Resort Web Site are: Copyright 2018 by Atkinson Resort & Country Club and/or
its suppliers. All rights reserved.
TRADEMARKS
The names of actual companies and products mentioned herein may be the trademarks
of their respective owners.
The example companies, organizations, products, people and events depicted herein
are fictitious. No association with any real company, organization, product, person,
or event is intended or should be inferred.
Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
NOTICES AND PROCEDURE FOR MAKING CLAIMS OF COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT
Pursuant to Title 17, United States Code, Section 512(c)(2), notifications of claimed
copyright infringement under United States copyright law should be sent to Service
Provider's Designated Agent. ALL INQUIRIES NOT RELEVANT TO THE FOLLOWING PROCEDURE
WILL RECEIVE NO RESPONSE. See Notice and Procedure for Making Claims of Copyright
Infringement.
Copyright 2018 by Atkinson Resort & Country Club | Privacy Statement
| Terms Of Use
| Portions of this site by Total e Integrated
GIVE US A CALL: (603) 362-8700SEND US AN EMAIL:info@atkinsoncc.comVISIT US:85 Country Club Drive, Atkinson NH, U.S. 03811Get DirectionsPURCHASE A GIFT CARDOpen to the public seven days a week.
MENU
GOLF
VIRTUAL GOLF
MEMBERSHIP
GOLF ACADEMY
MEET THE INSTRUCTORS
AVAILABLE TECHNOLOGY
GOLF CAMPS AND CLINICS
5 MINUTE GOLF TIPS
GOLF OUTINGS
COURSE LAYOUT
WEDDINGS
DINING
FUNCTIONS
FUNCTION SPACES
LODGING
RESORT ROOMS
ABOUT US
WHO WE ARE
OUR HISTORY
EVENTS
PURCHASE A GIFT CARD
BLOG
EMPLOYMENT
LOGIN
PRIVACY POLICYTERMS OF USE
© All rights reserved Atkinson Resort & Country Club
www.atkinsonresort.com
Share by: