http://www.alleygators.com.au/policy/
Policy
Privacy Policy
Palm Beach Currumbin Rugby Union Club is subject to the provisions of the Privacy Act 1988. This Act contains 10 National Privacy Principles that set standards for the handling of personal information. Palm Beach Currumbin Rugby Union Club has a commitment to privacy and the safeguarding of member, visitor and staff personal information.
Any personal information provided by you to Palm Beach Currumbin Rugby Union Club, such as name, address, date of birth and contact details, is protected.
Palm Beach Currumbin Rugby Union Club does not usually disclose your personal information to any other organisation or person unless there is a legal requirement to do so.
Palm Beach Currumbin Rugby Union Club may also disclose personal information to relevant authorities if it reasonably believes that there is a threat to an individual's life, health or safety, or public health or safety. If Palm Beach Currumbin Rugby Union Club has reason to suspect that unlawful activity has been, is being or may be engaged in, personal information may be used or disclosed as a necessary part of any investigation and reporting to the relevant persons or authorities.
Palm Beach Currumbin Rugby Union Club may also disclose your information to third parties that provide services under contract to the Club. These contracts require the third party to keep your personal information confidential and secure.
You have a right to access any personal information that Palm Beach Currumbin Rugby Union Club may hold about you, including a right of correction of your information. Palm Beach Currumbin Rugby Union Club will not charge a fee for you to access your personal information.
If you require any further information, please contact the Club Management Services on 5598 5228.
House Policy
Rugby unifies us on and off the field. We apply our principles and values to all aspects of our operations including our licensed clubhouse. That being:
• Teamwork: We play selflessly; working for the team and our community, not for ourselves alone.
• Respect: We hold in high esteem our sport its values and traditions and earn the respect of others in the way we behave.
• Enjoyment: Enjoyment is the reason we play and support Rugby. We use our sport to adopt a healthy lifestyle and build life skills.
• Discipline: Strong discipline underpins Rugby.
• Sportsmanship: We observe fair play both on and off the pitch and are generous in victory and in defeat.
The Palm Beach Currumbin Rugby Union Club is a Community Club. And as such it is authorised under the Queensland Liquor Act 1992 to sell liquor and permit entry to the Club only to members of the Club, members of a reciprocal Club, a guest of a member or reciprocal member or a visitor (someone who lives in another state or at least 15km away from the Club). Patrons must sign in upon entry and meet one of these categories.
Our responsibility is to develop strategies to facilitate a vibrant, successful, responsible and safe entertainment to the people in our community. We aim to reduce the incidences of alcohol related offences and antisocial behaviour and improve the safety of patrons and the general public in an around our licensed premises. We aim to promote the responsible service of alcohol, by training our staff in the responsible service of alcohol and provide a safe environment for staff and patrons. Patrons of the Alleygators licensed premises must at all times adhere to the Club staff and management directions and guidelines. Failing to do so will result in removal from the Club and may incur further disciplinary action. We aim to operate our business within the laws of the Queensland Liquor Act 1992.
Staff and management ensure to:
o Discourage activities that encourage rapid or excessive consumption of liquor.
o Actively monitor the behaviour of patrons to detect early signs of intoxication or inappropriate behaviour. Police may be called to remove them if they do not leave and fines may apply.
o Maintain security throughout the premises. Establish good communication with Police.
o Respect, and take all necessary steps to improve the local amenity and reduce disruptive activities of the premises and its patrons.
o Provide and promote reasonably priced snacks and food throughout our operating hours.
o Provide and maintain a safe environment in and around the licensed premises.
o Clearly display unacceptable behaviour on premises such as the non-acceptance of excessive consumption of alcohol and drug use.
o Staff to monitor patron’s behaviour and include the toilets.
o Encourage phased and orderly exit of patrons from premises when closing and offering patrons the facility of Club courtesy bus or advise of alternative transport options.
o Have signage clearly visible to Patrons which explains RSA.
o Ensure staff are trained appropriately to advise patrons when they will no longer be serving alcohol and when they will be asked to leave the Club.
Dress Code:
o Patrons are required to wear appropriate footwear at all times.
o Patrons are required to remove their helmets and or hoods before entering the licensed area, either on the verandas or in the bar area.
o Football boots are not to be worn inside the licensed Club. *Management reserves the right to refuse entry and exercise discretion when enforcing or referring to the dress code
Smoking Policy:
o Smoking is only permitted in the DOSA (Designated. Outdoor. Smoking. Area)
o Staff are to ensure that food of any kind is not allowed in the Smoking Area. o Allocated Smoking Areas are identified by signage.
o Patrons in the Smoking Area must respect other members, guests, children and nearby residents in the vicinity by keeping noise to a minimum. Foul language and antisocial behaviour will not be tolerated.
Responsible Service of Alcohol (‘RSA’) Policy of The Palm Beach Currumbin Rugby Union Club
Responsible Service of Alcohol (‘RSA’) refers to the service, consumption and promotion of alcoholic products in a manner that minimises the potential harm that may be caused by alcohol consumption to individuals, their families and the community generally.
The Palm Beach Currumbin Rugby Union Club (The Alleygators) strives to foster responsible service of alcohol practices amongst patrons and staff, which is achieved by implementing and maintaining various measures as outlined in this policy.
The following Policy is to be complied with by all staff. Failure to do so may result in disciplinary action, which may include termination of employment.
1. Responsible service of alcohol
1.1 The Club’s management and staff (including contracted crowd controllers) support the responsible service and supply of alcohol.
1.2 All staff will abide by all relevant legislation relating to the service and supply of liquor and this is reinforced and practiced in the daily operations of the Club.
1.3 Management and staff (including contracted crowd controllers) are trained in the responsible service and supply of alcohol.
1.4 The Club’s management staff will always support staff who practice and enforce RSA.
2. Minors
2.1 Minors (under the age of 18) will not be permitted in the licensed club unless they are with a responsible adult or eating a meal. *Minors who are Junior members of the club can be on the licensed premises without a responsible adult or without having to eat a meal.
2.2 Minors will not be served alcohol under any circumstances.
2.3 Individuals procuring drinks for minors will be immediately removed from the premises.
2.4 All patrons are required to provide acceptable evidence of age where there is any doubt they are under the age of 18. The following will be deemed as acceptable types of photo ID:
(a) A current driver’s licence or learner’s permit (valid with photo);
(b) A current passport (from any country – valid with photo);
(c) An Australian government-issued proof-of-age card (18+ card); or
(d) A foreign driver’s licence with a photo and date of birth of the licence holder.
2.5 If the patron cannot produce appropriate evidence of age, service of alcohol will be refused. Management supports staff who enforce and practice thorough ID checking.
3. Unduly intoxicated and disorderly patrons
3.1 All staff are trained in identifying signs of undue intoxication.
3.2 Licensing laws prohibit alcohol supply to disorderly or unduly intoxicated patrons. Patrons showing signs of undue intoxication or disorderly behaviour will be refused service and asked to leave the premises.
3.3 All staff are responsible for monitoring the levels of intoxication of all patrons.
3.4 Staff members who identify an unduly intoxicated or disorderly patron are required to notify a supervisor and security.
3.5 A taxi can be called on behalf of an unduly intoxicated patron, so that the patron does not hang around the outside of the premises and arrives home safely.
3.6 The Club does not allow intoxicated, violent or disruptive patrons to enter the Club premises.
3.7 Management seeks to meet its duty of care obligations to all patrons.
4. Security
4.1 The Club only employs crowd controllers licensed under the Security Providers Act 1993 and have completed responsible service of alcohol training. Management keeps a register of all current licenses and training course certificates.
4.2 When required, crowd controllers will ask unduly intoxicated patrons to leave the premises.
4.3 When required, crowd controllers can organise taxis for unduly intoxicated and disorderly patrons to go home safely.
4.4 Any incident occurring on the Club’s premises will be recorded in a register.
4.5 An incident register will be kept as a record with full details of incidents involving patrons, staff and security in and around the Club.
4.6 All crowd controllers are to act respectfully towards patrons at all times.
4.7 Crowd controllers are not to use excessive force in removing patrons from the premises.
4.8 Crowd controllers must always be dressed in a way that is distinguishable from patrons of the Club.
5. Staff training
5.1 Management encourage staff to be trained efficiently and effectively for their job.
5.2 All staff agree to work according to this published policy.
5.3 Due to the requirement of all employees involved in the sale or supply of liquor to maintain a current RSA certificate, those employees may be required, from time to time, to provide the Club with a copy of the certificate.
5.4 Management ensure all staff are adequately trained in the RSA.
5.5 The Club supports on-going staff training in RSA. Staff may be required to attend meetings regarding changes to legislation and industry ‘best practice’.
6. Promotional activities
6.1 The Club will not engage in any practice or promotion that encourages the rapid or excessive consumption of liquor.
6.2 The Club supports and abides by “Guideline 60: Unacceptable liquor practices and promotions in licensed venues”.
6.3 The sale price of liquor and availability of free liquor or multiple quantities of liquor are not promoted outside of the Club’s premises.
6.4 The Club will not advertise any promotion that is likely to indicate that liquor costs less than what is usually charged.
6.5 Management do not heavily discount or offer free alcohol to encourage a culture of binge drinking or irresponsible consumption practices.
6.6 The Club will not promote or advertise anything that is, or could be deemed as, an unacceptable practice or promotion.
7. Responsible hospitality practices
7.1 The Club will promote its range of non-alcoholic and low-alcohol drinks available for patron purchase.
7.2 The Club will provide clean and potable complimentary water to all patrons as required by regulation.
7.3 The serving of shots and ‘doubles’ is at the Management’s discretion.
7.4 The Club will promote awareness of drink spiking issues.
7.5 The Club will encourage monitoring and control of liquor consumption and will deter patrons from rapidly and excessively consuming liquor.
8. Noise management
8.1 The Club will monitor entertainment and patron noise to avoid unreasonable noise levels and comply with all prescribed noise levels.
Responsible Service of Gambling Policy of The Palm Beach Currumbin Rugby Union Club
Purpose and Application
The Palm Beach Currumbin Rugby Union Club (The Alleygators) commits to minimising potential harm associated with gambling by creating a safe and responsible gambling environment for its members and guests.
The Club will take reasonable steps to regulate the environment of the Club to promote responsible gambling, where the potential for harm is minimised and people are able to make informed decisions about their participation in gambling. Responsible gambling occurs as a result of the collective actions and shared ownership by individuals, communities, the gaming industry and the Government to achieve outcomes that are socially responsible and responsive to community concerns.
9. Responsibilities
1.1. The Club has a responsibility to:
(a) Take reasonable steps to minimise potential harm associated with gambling, as follows:
• Conduct its gaming operations in a professional and responsible manner;
• Provide training to management and staff on the responsible conduct of gambling;
• Prohibit any form of credit or cash advances being available to members or guests for gaming purposes;
• Advertise and have available information on counselling services for gambling related problems;
• Encourage patrons to develop responsible gambling practices;
• Develop and maintain effective links between the Club and community organisations that provide support and advice for problem gamblers and their families;
• Encourage patrons to take responsibility for their gambling through an effective self-exclusion procedure upon request;
• Appoint and provide relevant training to Customer Liaison Officer/s who will be available during opening gaming hours to provide information to assist patrons with gambling-related problems; and
• Implement policies to encourage responsible practices in advertising and promotions related to gambling and ensure compliance with relevant legislation.
1.2. All employees of the Club have a responsibility to:
(a) Ensure the maximum cash payouts of $800 are enforced; and
(b) Encourage patrons to take responsibility for their gambling through an effective self-exclusion procedure upon request.
10. Customer liaison officers (CLO) of the Club have a responsibility to:
(a) Handle all gambling-related complaints in accordance with the Club’s Gaming-Related Compliance Program; and
(b) Encourage patrons to take responsibility for their gambling through an effective self-exclusion procedure upon request.
11. Self-Exclusion Program
11.1 Upon being approached by a patron seeking assistance, Club staff will listen intently to the patron’s request in a confidential manner and explain the need to refer the matter to the Club’s CLO or Manager
11.2 Should the patron refuse to speak with the CLO, staff are to emphasise that they cannot provide the most effective assistance and should suggest meeting with a manager (if different to CLO);
11.3 Should the patron agree to speak with the CLO or a manager, the staff are to refer the matter immediately; and
11.4 The CLO or manager will then handle the matter with the patron accordingly.
12. Venue-Initiated Exclusion Program
12.1 If the patron refuses self-exclusion and/or the CLO believes, on reasonable grounds, that the patron is, or is at significant risk of being, a problem gambler, the Club may issue a venue-initiated exclusion.
12.2 If a staff member is approached by a third party requesting an exclusion for another person, the staff member will refer the third part to the CLO.
Penalties for incidents at the Palm Beach Currumbin Rugby Union Club
Club Penalties:
1. Unruly or Antisocial behaviour = minimum 1 month ban
2. Failure to obey a proper direction of Club staff member = minimum 1 month ban
3. Verbal abuse of a Club staff member = minimum 3 month ban
4. Damage to Club property = minimum 6 month ban
5. Repeat of offence above = minimum 12 month ban or Life ban as appropriate.
6. Physical abuse of Club staff member = minimum Life ban
7. Physical harassment of any person = minimum 12 month ban.
*Management reserves the right to exercise discretion when assessing incidents and applying penalties on a case by case basis.
BECOME A CLUB MEMBER!
MORE DETAILS...