http://www.brag.org/privacy-policy
Skip to content
THIS PRIVACY POLICY IS EFFECTIVE ON DECEMBER 23, 2018.
GENERAL
This Privacy Policy describes the practices the Bicycle Ride Across Georgia, follows with respect to the collection, use, maintenance and disclosure of information collected through brag.org. This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect from the brag.org, and does not apply to any other website or business activity of brag.org. By using brag.org, you consent to the collection, use, maintenance and disclosure of this information by us.
We reserve the right to revise this policy at any time.  When we do, we will give you notice of the revised Privacy Policy by posting the revised Privacy Policy brag.org and by revising the “effective date” at the top of this Privacy Policy.  You are responsible for regularly reviewing the current privacy policy.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We collect “personally identifiable information” and “usage information.”
“Personally identifiable information” is information that tells us who you are, such as your name, phone number, physical address, e-mail address, employment information, job history and qualifications. “Usage information” is information automatically collected by our web server (which may be hosted by a third-party) that your web browser makes available whenever you visit or use brag.org, such as your computer’s IP address, browser type, operating system version and geolocation information.
We may collect personally identifiable information when you contact us via brag.org, create an account or register with brag.org, edit or update your account information, participate in our surveys, contests and other promotions or if you voluntarily choose to provide it to us.  For example, we may collect your name, phone number, physical address, e-mail address, employment information, job history and qualifications, and job title and company name.
You can choose not to provide personally identifiable information to us.  If you do not provide personally identifiable information, however, you will not be able to create an account, so your ability to use brag.org will be limited to those web pages available to unregistered users of the Site, and you may be unable to use certain other features of the brag.org.  Also, we will be unable to contact you (e.g., the event that you win a prize through a promotion) or respond to any inquiry from you.
We may collect “usage information” anytime you view and/or interact brag.org or its pages, features and functionality.  For example, we may collect your computer’s IP address, browser type, operating system version, geolocation information, and information regarding your browsing activities (e.g., what parts of the website you visit, what items you click on, and information about the website that you visited before or after visiting brag.org).  We may associate this information with your personally identifiable information and/or other information that you provide (e.g., survey responses).
brag.org may also use “cookies” and other technologies to recognize users and customize their experience and obtain information regarding the use of brag.org. A cookie is a small text file that a website’s server places on a user’s computer, mobile phone or other device.  The cookie transmits information back to the website’s server about the browsing activities of the computer user on brag.org.  This includes information such as pages and content viewed, the time and duration of visits and whether a computer user clicked on an advertisement.  Cookies also can be used to recognize users and maintain data related to a particular individual, including passwords.  If you would prefer not to accept cookies from brag.org or any other website, you can modify the settings on your web browser.  You may refer to your browser’s online help feature for instructions on how to do this.  If you refuse to accept cookies, it is possible that some portions of brag.org may not function as intended.
In some instances, personally identifiable information and other usage information may be collected via a third-party service provider, such a third party who provides online products and services that we use for surveys, contact management, recruiting and hiring (e.g., job applications), sales and/or marketing.  Those third-party service providers will provide the personally identifiable information that is collected to us.  Such information will be subject to our privacy policy but may also be subject to the third party’s own privacy policies.
For example, we may use cookies (as discussed above) through Google Analytics.  For more information on collection and processing of data through Google Analytics, please see www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners.
DISCLOSURE AND USE OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We use personally identifiable information for the purpose for which it is provided and for the other purposes described in this Privacy Policy.  For example, we may use personally identifiable information to communicate with you for marketing, advertising and promotional purposes, respond to emails and other inquiries, establish your online account or contact you in connection with surveys, contests and other promotions.
We may provide your personally identifiable information to third parties who provide services to us or on our behalf.  For example, we may provide personally identifiable information to third parties who handle marketing and other communications on our behalf.  We may also disclose personally identifiable information to affiliated companies, our parent company and sister companies.
We use usage information to help us run and maintain brag.org, customize your experience, study traffic patterns, and generally learn about the usage of brag.org.
We use cookies to maintain information about your use of brag.org help us recognize you when you visit our Site again, identify the website you visited immediately before visiting brag.org, and enable us to evaluate and improve the design of brag.org.
We may use and disclose personally identifiable information and other information that we collect when we have reason to believe that using and/or disclosing this information is necessary to investigate, identify, contact, or take action against someone who may have engaged in illegal activities or breached the Terms of Service applicable to brag.org or who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) our rights or property, other users of brag.org, or anyone else who could be harmed by such activities.  We may also disclose personally identifiable information when we reasonably believe that the law requires it.
We might sell or buy subsidiaries, or business units.  In such transactions, personally identifiable information and other information collected via a website are generally transferred business assets.  Also, in the event that our assets are sold, such information may be one of the transferred assets.
DO NOT TRACK
Certain browsers may allow you to turn on a “do not track” setting. If you enable your “do not track” setting, we will not place cookies on your computer or other device.  (Please note that this may affect your interaction with us and brag.org (e.g., you will not be able to subscribe to our blog).
PRIVACY OF CHILDREN
brag.org is a general audience website.  We do not intentionally collect personally identifiable information from users of brag.org who are under the age of 13.
If we become aware that a user of brag.org is under the age of 13 and has placed an order using brag.org, we will remove that child’s personal information from our files.
UPDATING YOUR INFORMATION AND COMMUNICATION PREFERENCES
We do not currently offer a means to review and/or request changes to any of your personally identifiable information collected through the Site. If you would like to opt-out of receiving electronic marketing communications from us, you may do so by clicking “unsubscribe” on emails that you receive from us.
SECURITY
Information transmitted on the Internet and/or stored on systems attached to the Internet is not 100% secure.  As a result, we do not ensure, warrant or guarantee the security or integrity of such information.  We will not be responsible for disclosure of any information due to errors in transmission or the unauthorized acts of third parties.
You help to maintain the security of your personally identifiable information stored in our systems by keeping your username and password confidential and protecting against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer.  Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
While you are using brag.org, you may be linked or directed to other third-party sites outside of brag.org that are beyond our control.  Each of these third-party sites may have a privacy policy different from ours.  Please review the privacy policies of third-party sites.  We are not responsible for any actions or policies of such third parties.
CONTACT INFORMATION
Please send any concerns regarding our privacy policy to news@brag.org
Scroll To Top