http://www.pnj.com/story/sports/2020/09/24/fsu-updates-policies-student-ticket-requests-home-football-games/3517814001/
SPORTSFSU to Seminoles football fans in the stands: Get tested and put on a mask or leaveJim HenryTallahassee DemocratView Comments Florida State football fans not wearing a mask during home games will be asked to put on a mask or leave the event, according to the university's updated, stricter policies released Thursday. Additionally, FSU students planning to attend home football games for the reminder of the season must test negative for COVID-19 during the week prior to games, FSU Athletics Director David Coburn said in the release. Mandates also include that students who do not get tested during the available periods (Monday and Wednesday at the Tucker Center COVID-19 Test Site) will not be eligible for a football ticket.  Students - allotted 4,000 tickets for each home game this season - must also sit in their assigned seats at home games.The updated policy goes into effect immediately ahead of FSU’s Oct. 3 contest against Jacksonville State. The Seminoles (0-1) play at Miami (2-0) Saturday. Kickoff is 7:30 p.m. on ABC.Back storyImages of fans not wearing masks at FSU football home opener draws criticismD’Angelo: Images of mask-less FSU students concerning; shows ignorance, recklessness still happening on campusFlorida State defense facing tough second test against D'Eriq King, Miami offenseHenry: It's a different view from radio booth for FSU's DeckerhoffDuring FSU’s season-opening 16-13 defeat at home to Georgia Tech Sept. 12, images of fans and students in the Doak Campbell Stadium crowd of 17,538 not wearing masks as required led to criticism across social media regarding the school’s ability to enforce the policy.Attendance is limited due to the coronavirus pandemic. “Attending football games is a cherished tradition at Florida State University, and I know you all want to continue to be able to cheer on your team in person,” Coburn said.“To do that, it is critical that everyone follows health and safety protocols and do everything that we can do to stop the spread of COVID-19.”Including Jacksonville State, FSU has five remaining home games this season - North Carolina (Oct. 17), Pittsburgh (Nov. 7), Clemson (Nov. 21) and Duke (Dec. 5). FSU's new procedure includes: * Students who request tickets must be tested at the Tucker Center COVID-19 Test Site between 9 a.m. Monday, Sept. 28, and 4 p.m. Wednesday, Sept. 30.* The online registration window will open on Thursday, Sept. 24, to sign up for a mandatory COVID-19 test at the Donald L. Tucker Civic Center.*The Student Ticket Request Period runs from 5 p.m. Thursday, Sept. 24, through 5 p.m. Tuesday, Sept 29. Requests will not be accepted after 5 p.m. Tuesday, Sept. 29. *Students who are eligible to receive their requested ticket will be notified by Friday, Oct. 2, pending a negative test result. All test results are confidential and Athletics Department personnel do not have access to private medical information.*Tickets will be emailed to eligible students by 12 p.m. Saturday, Oct. 3.*Students who do not get tested during the Monday – Wednesday window or who receive a positive COVID-19 test result will not be eligible for a ticket. Students who test positive will be contacted by FSU’s SAFER contact assessment team. Please keep in mind that a number of additional factors may also determine your eligibility for tickets, including student conduct code violations.*Students who already have a positive COVID-19 test result on file with the university but are no longer positive and have been officially cleared to be on campus are not required to test again to be eligible for football tickets. Students who test for the purpose of football tickets who are also selected for the randomized program that week may utilize the same test for both purposes. Due to privacy laws and regulations, we are only able to accept tests that have been completed through the campus testing program.In addition, the following policies also will be strictly enforced on game days:*Any fan who is not wearing a mask will be asked to put on a mask or leave the event.*Any student who violates the University’s safety protocol will not have access to the ticket lottery system in the future.*Students must sit in seats designated by a decal stating “SIT HERE”. Any student who is sitting or standing in an unauthorized location will be asked to move or leave the event.*Tailgates will continue to be prohibited.Reach Jim Henry at jjhenry@tallahassee.com.No one covers the ‘Noles like the Tallahassee Democrat. Subscribe now so you never miss a moment.View Comments