http://www.shirehorsesociety.com.au/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Skip to content
Registries
Stud Book
Join
Judges & Showing
History of the Shire Horse
History of the Society
Shire Breeders
For Sale
Committee
Contact
Gallery
Links
Privacy Policy
Use of your personal information
For each visitor to reach the site, we expressively collect the following non-personally identifiable information, including but not limited to browser type, version and language, operating system, pages viewed while browsing the Site, page access times and referring website address. This collected information is used solely internally for the purpose of gauging visitor traffic, trends and delivering personalized content to you while you are at this Site.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
The Shire Horse Society of Australia (SHSA) reserves the right to make amendments to this Privacy Policy at any time. If you have objections to the Privacy Policy, you should not access or use the Site.
Accessing Your Personal Information
You have a right to access your personal information, subject to exceptions allowed by law. If you would like to do so, please let us know. You may be required to put your request in writing for security reasons. SHSA reserves the right to charge a fee for searching for, and providing access to, your information on a per request basis.
Security
You acknowledge that the nature of Internet and electronic means of communication are inherently insecure. While SHSA will use reasonable endeavours to protect the security of the site, SHSA cannot provide any definitive assurance regarding security of the site or the information stored on the site. To the maximum extent permitted by law, SHSA will not be liable in any way in relation to any breach of security or unintended loss or disclosure of information due to unauthorised access to site or its database, or the interception of electronic communication between your computer system and the site.
Disclaimers and liability
SHSA does not warrant that access to the Site will be uninterrupted, or that the services offered on the Site will be error-free.
SHSA goes to reasonable lengths to ensure that the information on the Site is complete and up to date. However, SHSA makes no representation as to the accuracy, currency or completeness of any information or services at the Site.
SHSA does not warrant that the Site or any other websites referred to in the Site (External Sites), or its server, will be free from viruses or defects.
To the maximum extent permitted by the applicable law, SHSA excludes all terms, conditions, representations and consumer guarantees, express or implied in relation to the Portal (or its use or functionalities).
To the maximum extent permitted by law, SHSA excludes all liability for any loss or damage, including any consequential loss or indirect loss, loss of data, loss of income or loss of profits, arising from or in connection with the access or use of the Site or any services available on the Portal (including the inability to use the Site), whether or not caused by SHSA’s negligence, and whether or not the possibility of loss was known to SHSA.
Intellectual Property
Unless otherwise indicated, SHSA owns or has licence to all intellectual property (including without limitation copyright, trademarks and designs) subsisting in the materials on the Site. SHSA authorises you on a non-exclusive basis to reproduce and download the materials solely for use consistent with these Terms and the Compliance Terms. Otherwise, to the extent allowed by law, no part of the Site may be reproduced, reused, retransmitted, adapted, published, broadcast or distributed without the prior written permission from or separate agreement of SHSA.
All names, logos and trade marks on the Site are the property of their respective owners. Nothing on the Site should be interpreted as granting any rights to the commercial use or distribution of any names, logos or trademarks without the express written agreement of the relevant owners.
Third Party Materials and links to External Sites
Certain components or features of the Site may include materials from third parties (Third Party Materials) and/or hyperlinks to External Sites. SHSA does not sponsor or endorse the Third Party Materials or External Sites. SHSA is not responsible for the availability, accuracy, legality or decency of material or copyright compliance of any such External Sites or Third Party Materials and will not in any way be liable or responsible for any Third Party Materials or External Sites, including advertising, products or materials on or available from them.
Termination
SHSA reserves the right, without notice and in its sole discretion, to discontinue, suspend or terminate any service offered by or through the Site as well as the Site at any time. All provisions of these Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including without limitation ownership provisions, disclaimers, indemnities and limitations of liability.
Miscellaneous
If any provision of these Terms is found to be void, unlawful or unenforceable for any reason, then that portion of the provision which creates the invalidity, unlawfulness or unenforceability will be severable from these Terms and will not otherwise affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
Contacting us
SHSA welcomes your comments regarding this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy and would like further information, please contact us.