https://www.coachberry.com/privacy/
Dashboard
Blog
About
Contact
--- Select a Section ---
Dashboard
Blog
About
Contact
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to the www.CoachBerry.com and The Berry Group and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to The Berry Group include www.CoachBerry.com. The The Berry Group website is a news and information site. By using the The Berry Group website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
The Berry Group may collect personally identifiable information, such as your name. If you purchase The Berry Group’s products and services, we collect billing and credit card information. This information is used to complete the purchase transaction. We may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by The Berry Group. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the The Berry Group website.
The Berry Group encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from The Berry Group so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. The Berry Group is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the The Berry Group website.
Use of your Personal Information
The Berry Group collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested.
The Berry Group may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from The Berry Group and its affiliates. The Berry Group may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
The Berry Group does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
The Berry Group may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to The Berry Group, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
The Berry Group will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on The Berry Group or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of The Berry Group; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of The Berry Group, or the public.
Security of your Personal Information
The Berry Group secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
Children Under Thirteen
The Berry Group does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
Opt-Out & Unsubscribe
We respect your privacy and give you an opportunity to opt-out of receiving announcements of certain information. Users may opt-out of receiving any or all communications from The Berry Group by contacting us here:
– Web page: www.CoachBerry.com
– Email: jberry@coachberry.com
– Phone: 919-533-5919
Changes to this Statement
The Berry Group will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. The Berry Group encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how The Berry Group is protecting your information.
Contact Information
The Berry Group welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that The Berry Group has not adhered to this Statement, please contact The Berry Group at:
The Berry Group
US 15-501 North
Chapel Hill, NC 27516
Email Address:
jberry@coachberry.com
Telephone number:
919-533-5919