https://www.lochnessmarathon.com/cookies-and-privacy/
HomeEvent InfoLoch Ness MarathonRiver Ness 10K & Corporate ChallengeRiver Ness 5KWee Nessie Prizes Festival on Race Day Sports Expo Festival on Saturday Spectator & Resident Information FAQRun For CharityTraining Zone Training Blog Nutrition Road to Loch NessShopVisit Tour OperatorsResults Your Photos
Enter Now
Login
PRIVACY NOTICE
Updated 31 October 2018
1. Your personal data
Personal data relates to a living individual who can be identified from that data. Identification can be by the information alone or in conjunction with any other information in the controller’s possession or likely to come into such possession. The processing of personal data is governed by the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (the “GDPR”).
The privacy and security of our customers personal data is important to us. This privacy notice explains how we use the information we collect about you, how you can instruct us if you prefer to limit the use of that information, and the procedures that we have in place to safeguard your privacy.
Our privacy policy relates to personal information that we obtain from you through your interaction with our website (www.lochnessmarathon.com), our social media, when you make an enquiry by email (info@lochnessmarathon.com) and sign up to our mailing list, your browsing activity while on your website (please see “Cookies” below), by attending any events with us and your image in photographs from our events. If you visit a website operated by a third party through a link included on our websites, your information might be used differently by the operator of the linked website.
Who we are and contact details
Loch Ness Marathon Ltd, Registered in Scotland SC312511 of Alder House, Cradlehall Business Park, Inverness IV2 5GH is the controller and responsible for deciding how your personal data is processed and for what purposes (collectively referred to as “we”, “us”, or “our” in this privacy notice).
You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO). We would however appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO so please get in touch with us in the first instance.
How we process your personal data
Loch Ness Marathon Ltd complies with its obligations under the GDPR by keeping your personal data up to date; by storing and destroying it securely; by not collecting or retaining excessive amounts of data; by protecting personal data from loss, misuse, unauthorised access and disclosure and by ensuring that appropriate technical measures are in place to protect personal data.
Any information that we collect about you is stored electronically on our database. It may also be printed and stored in our filing system.
The information we collect
We may collect and use different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together as follows:
Identity Data
e.g. your name, gender, date of birth;
Contact Data
e.g. your address, phone number, e-mail address; also details of a next of kin contact for use in the event of an emergency;
Transaction Data
e.g. details about the events you enter, services you specifically request and/or products or merchandise you purchase from us;
Health Data
e.g. whether or not you have a medical condition (although we do not usually ask what type of condition), whether or not you are a wheelchair user;
Financial Data
We do not hold your payment data. We use Active Network, LLC (“Active”) to process all payments. When you pay for an event or product you enter your details directly onto an online form hosted by Active. Read their privacy policy here.
Child Data
e.g. if you have entered a child/minor into our events we will hold details about the child/minor.
Marketing Data
e.g. your preferences in relation to whether or not you want to receive marketing information from us
• about our events and services, or
• about our sponsors’ and partners’ products and services
Photographs
e.g. photographs taken during an event by our official event photographers may be used in the event marketing literature.
In nearly all cases, we collect your personal data directly from you when you enter an event or purchase merchandise from us, by completing an online form. We will not collect or store any other sensitive information about you without your explicit consent, however by entering into an event, you agree to the event, sponsor or charity beneficiaries storing copies of such images or video footage.
Where we need to collect personal information from you in order to fulfil your event entry or to fulfil a purchase of merchandise, if you do not provide us with the data requested we may not be able to provide the goods or services you are attempting to purchase.
How we protect your information
We will keep your personal information confidential except to the extent that we are compelled to disclose it by law (for example where fraud or other crime is involved) or to comply with an instruction of a regulatory body of competent jurisdiction. To comply with the GDPR we follow strict security procedures for storing data.
The personal information that we hold will be held securely to ensure no unauthorised disclosure or access. The internet is not a secure medium. We have put in place various security measures but you are advised to treat the internet as an insecure medium in all of your communications with us.
Purposes for which we will use your personal data
We will only use your personal detail where we are allowed to by law. There are three main circumstances where we use your data:
Where we have entered (or are about to enter) into a contract with you most usually related to your entry into an event, and sometimes when you buy merchandise from us.
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and rights do not override our legitimate interests.
Where we need to comply with a regulatory obligation.
Generally we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data other than in relation to sending certain forms of marketing communications. However, by entering into an event, you consent for the free use of your name, voice or photograph in any photo, image or video footage broadcast, telecast, advertising, promotion or other account of the event, the sponsor and the beneficiary charities in any future fundraising, marketing or publicity materials including national and regional press of the event organiser’s website as well as on the event, sponsor or charity beneficiaries social media accounts. Further, by opting to run for a charity you consent to the event organiser making your contact details available to the charity concerned.
You can ask us to stop sending you marketing communications at any time. We have set out below a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, and which of the lawful bases under GDPR that we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate.
Purpose / Activity
Type of data
Lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest
To register you as a new customer
i) Identity
ii) Contact
i) Performance of a contract with you
To allocate your entry into an event, to allocate you a race/event number and to record and publish your finish time alongside your name, gender and age group on our website
i) Identity
ii) Contact
iii) Transaction
iv) Health
v) Financial
i) Performance of a contract with you
ii) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated)
To process and fulfil any merchandise orders you may have placed with us
i) Identity
ii) Contact
iii) Transaction
iv) Financial
i) Performance of a contract with you
ii) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated)
To contact your next of kin in the event of an emergency
i) Contact
i) Necessary to protect your vital interests
To send you health and safety and other relevant event information for any event that you are participating in
i) Identity
ii) Contact
iii) Transaction
i) Performance of a contract with you
To process any request for advice or information supplied by us or to contact you should there be any changes to the event which are likely to affect you
i) Identity
ii) Contact
iii) Transaction
iv) Health
v) Financial
i) Performance of a contract with you
ii) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
iii) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated)
To send you our e-newsletter and make suggestions and recommendations to you about our events and services that may be of interest to you
i) Identity
ii) Contact
iii) Transaction
iv) Marketing
i) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop our events/services and grow our business)
ii) Where you have given consent for us to do so
To make suggestions and recommendations to you about our partners’ products and services that may be of interest to you
i) Identity
ii) Contact
iii) Transaction
iv) Marketing
i) Where you have given consent for us to do so
To send you reminders about the opening of an event
i) Identity
ii) Contact
iii) Marketing
i) Where you have given consent for us to do so
To comply with our statutory and regulatory obligations
i) Identity
ii) Contact
iii) Transaction
iv) Financial
i) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
Special Category Data
Special category data is personal data which under the GDPR is more sensitive, and so needs more protection. We collect this information for some of our events only.
We have set out below a description of the ways we plan to use your special category personal data, if applicable to you, and which of the lawful bases under the GDPR that we rely on to do so.
Purpose / Activity
Type of Special Category data
Lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest (Article 6)
Condition for processing special category data under Article 9
To process your event entry
Health (e.g. wheelchair or visually impaired participant)
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated and to ensure your safe participation in the event)
Where you have given us explicit consent to do so
Sharing your personal data
We keep your personal information confidential, but may disclose it to our personnel, suppliers or subcontractors as is reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy policy and for which you might reasonably expect. We make sure that these third parties do not make independent use of the information and that they have agreed to adhere to the rules set out in this privacy policy.
Categories of third parties are listed below
Event related fulfilment (e.g. timing company, mailing house)
Results (e.g. local and specialist media, participant photography services company)
Charities (Individual charities as selected by you on the entry form)
Merchandising fulfilment
From time to time we pass your personal information to carefully selected media partners for the purposes of information and publicity, but we will only do this if you have provided your information on the entry form in the Media Stories section which clearly states that you are providing your information for this purpose.
Where we wish to publish a photograph of you with other personal information online, including on social media, this may be accessed outside of the EU and we may seek to obtain your consent if we consider it to be necessary.We never pass your personal information onto any third parties, including our sponsors & partners, for marketing purposes without your consent. You can update your preferences or unsubscribe at any time by clicking on the link at the bottom of any email we send you.
International data transfers
Our servers are located in the European Union and the information that we collect directly from you will be stored in these servers. We may also transfer parts of your personal data, where reasonably necessary, to our third party service providers who may be located outside of the EU or who may engage sub-processors located outside of the EU.There are agreements in place to ensure that all of our third party suppliers or service providers process personal information using appropriate safeguards that meet the requirements of EU data protection laws.
Owing to the global nature of the internet’s infrastructure the information you provide may be temporarily transferred to and stored in countries outside the European Economic Area, for example if the location of the Internet service provider hosting our websites is outside of this area.
If you would like to find out more about these safeguards or if you have any other queries or comments in relation to this policy, please let us know by emailing info@lochnessmarathon.com.
How long we keep your personal data
In accordance with the GDPR and good commercial practice we keep data in a form that permits identification of the person to whom it relates for no longer than reasonably necessary and to deal with any claims. It will depend on factors such as whether you’ve got an account with us, have attended our recent events or have signed up to receive marketing communication from us. We will retain your information as necessary to comply with legal, accounting or reporting requirements.
You can update your preferences or unsubscribe at any time by clicking on the link at the bottom of any email we send you.
Automated decision making
Where you have consented for us to do so, or where we have a legitimate interest to send you communications about our events and services, we may from time to time use automated decision making in order to minimize the chance of emailing you with information about our events and services that may be less relevant or not relevant to you. For example if you have entered and event but subsequently did not take part, we will not email you with a post event results email.
Targeted marketing
Where you have consented for us to do so, or where we have a legitimate interest to send you marketing communications about our events and services, we may from time to time use the information we collect about you to serve you targeted advertisements in order to provide you with more relevant advertising content. This targeted marketing may be accomplished via our own channels (e.g. our website) and third party channels, including across multiple devices or browsers, using some or all of the following platforms:
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Instagram
WhatsApp
YouTube
Your rights and your personal data
Unless subject to an exemption under the GDPR, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data:
The right to request a copy of your personal data which we hold;
The right to request that we correct any personal data if it is found to be inaccurate or out of date;
The right to request your personal data is erased where it is no longer necessary for us to retain such data;
The right to withdraw your consent to the processing of your personal information for the purposes of sending marketing communications at any time;
The right to request that we provide you with your personal data and where possible, to transmit that data directly to another controller, (known as the right to data portability);
The right, where there is a dispute in relation to the accuracy or processing of your personal data, to request a restriction is placed on further processing;
The right to object to the processing of personal data, where applicable
The right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioners Office.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above please contact us by email: info@lochnessmarathon.com or in writing to Loch Ness Marathon Ltd, Alder House, Cradlehall Business Park, Inverness IV2 5GH.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data. This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who does not have right to receive it.
Updating Your Details and Marketing Preferences
If any of the information that you have provided to us when you enter an event changes, for example if you change your email address, please update your Active account by logging in to: https://passport.active.com/.
You can also update your marketing preferences by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of all our marketing emails.
Further processing
If we wish to use your personal data for a new purpose, not covered by this data privacy notice, then we will provide you with a new notice explaining this new use prior to commencing the processing and setting out the relevant purposes and processing conditions. Where and whenever necessary, we will seek your prior consent to the new processing.
Cookies and Website Analytics
Our website uses cookies and other mechanisms to collect analytical information, to help us analyse how visitors use the site and to compile statistical reports on website activity. To find out more please view our Cookies Policy.
Review
If we change this privacy policy we will post the changes on this page, and may place notices on other pages of the websites, so that you may be aware of the information we collect and how we use it at all times. We may also email you should we make any changes so that you may consent to our use of your information in that way.
Contact Details
To exercise all relevant rights, queries or complaints please in the first instance contact us by email:  at info@lochnessmarathon.com or in writing to Loch Ness Marathon Ltd, Alder House, Cradlehall Business Park, Inverness IV2 5GH.
If we cannot able to resolve your query or complaint satisfactorily you can contact the Information Commissioners Office.
Instagram Feed
Keep In Touch
Add your email address below to receive all the latest news, event information and offers
Select Your Language
English
Finnish
Italian
French
German
Polish
Dutch
Japanese