http://www.martialarts4u.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy | Champions Martial Arts
Information Collected
Champions Martial Arts
may collect information, such as your e-mail address, name and phone number.
Information about your computer hardware and software also may be automatically collected. This information can include your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used by Champions Martial Arts for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of our website.
Use Of Your Information
We collect and use your personal information to operate our website and deliver the services you have requested. We will send one welcome email following registration to all registered patrons. We also send periodical service updates to users.
We do not sell, rent, or lease our customer lists to third parties.
Contact Information
Champions Martial Arts welcomes your comments. If you would like to stop receiving messages from us, please contact us at
team@martialarts4u.com.
Request More Information
Train With The Champions Today
Me and my fiancé took our 6 year old son there to see if he would like it and how he would do, mind you he is autistic, Preston did a one on one session with him and I couldn't be happier. He worked with for about 45 minutes and was great with him. Gave him a free gi and t-shirt. Besides the great rates he was an awesome teacher and totally understanding of his condition. I recommend Champions to 10 times over,needless to say, our son will be starting Monday. Great place and great teacher if I could give it 10 stars I would.
I've been taking my three year old here for about three weeks now and I cannot express how thankful I am for the patience of instructors. I never feel like a jerk parent for having an unruly child and they never vent the slightest frustration when redirecting him. The progress he's made so far has been incredible (though he has a long way to go).
One of the turning-points of my life was the day I signed up to study Kenpo Karate at Champion's Martial Arts. All my life I had wanted to learn karate, but at the age of 35 I just assumed that I had missed my chance. I was WRONG! The adult karate classes at Champions are amazing! Sensei Preston is a dynamic, knowledgeable, and fun instructor. His staff is friendly, helpful, and committed. Since starting my training I've gained confidence, physical-fitness, and a true martial arts family! Cannot recommend this place highly enough.
Request Information Now!