https://www.liveabout.com/helping-skaters-do-sit-spins-1282744
Share
PINTEREST
Email
Print
A Young Figure Skater Does a Sit Spin On the Ice.
Photo Copyright © JO ANN Schneider Farris
Sports & Athletics
Skating
Basics
History
Gear
Lessons
Famous Skaters
Inline Skating
Baseball
Basketball
Bicycling
Billiards
Bodybuilding
Bowling
Boxing
Car Racing
Cheerleading
Cricket
Extreme Sports
Football
Golf
Gymnastics
Ice Hockey
Martial Arts
Professional Wrestling
Skateboarding
Paintball
Soccer
Swimming & Diving
Table Tennis
Tennis
Track & Field
Volleyball
Other Activities
Learn More
By
Jo Ann Schneider Farris
Jo Ann Schneider Farris was a silver medalist in junior ice dancing at the 1975 U.S. National Figure Skating Championships and is the author of two books on skating
our editorial process
Jo Ann Schneider Farris
Updated March 31, 2017
Figure skaters should do exercises on the ice and off the ice to help strengthen their legs. Strengthening the thigh muscles, the calf muscles, and the core will help a skater do better sit spins.  This article gives some steps in accomplishing that goal.
Here's How:
Practice bending your knees on and off the ice.Do as many squats and dips as possible.  If you are able to do shoot the ducks, practice those too.  Work on bending your knees and legs daily.  Each day, work at trying to get down lower and lower. Doing lunges will also help strengthen a skater's legs.Just like squats and dips, the lunge position can be practiced on and off the ice. It is essential that the skater also work on strengthening his or her core muscles.Core strengthening exercises should be done off the ice.  Exercises that will help a skater get stronger for the sit spin include abdominal presses, abdominal crunches, planks, push-ups, and leg raises.
Tips:
Doing sit spins over and over again helps strengthen a skater's legs, knees, thighs, and core muscles. As time passes, and with practice, doing the sit spin will become easier and easier for a skater.When entering a sit spin on the ice, the skater should step onto a strong and deep outside edge curve in almost a lunge like position.  The skating knee should bend forward deeply. Then, the skater should twist into a "twisted lunge" type position.  Swinging the free leg around comes next.Figure skaters can strengthen their leg muscles by first bending down only as low as they feel comfortable.  Also, it is important to rise up slowly.  Doing this exercise, again and again, will help skaters master the sit spin position.During the spin, it is recommended that a skater stay on the front of the skating blade and, at the same time, pull the stomach muscles in hard.If the weight drops back towards the heel during the sit spin, the skater will fall.The upper body should not be hunched over unless the skater does a position variation after he or she masters a basic sit spin. When figure skaters first learns the sit spin, they should look like they are really comfortably sitting during the spin.Relax when you do a sit spin.It is okay to practice spinning in the dip position on two feet.  Doing so will help strengthen a skater's leg muscles and knees.If you are unable to get up on one foot by either pulling forward very hard over the skating knee, it is okay to push on the skating thigh with one or both hands to push yourself up while you are working towards mastering the sit spin.
More About Spinning On Ice Skates:
How to Do a Basic One Foot Upright Spin On Figure SkatesBasic Ice Skating SpinsHow Do Figure Skaters Spin Fast?
What You Need
Your own figure skates with blades appropriate for spinning on the ice, rather than rental skates are essential. Private lessons from a qualified figure skating coach may help you master the sit spin.
Learn How to Ice Skate in 10 Steps
How To Do a Shoot the Duck on Ice Skates
How To Do a Layback Spin
Fun Games Figure Skaters Can Play at the Skating Rink
Ice Skating Terms Every Skater Should Know
How To Do a One-Foot Glide on Figure Skates
Off-Ice Training for Figure Skaters: Why, What, When, and How
How To Fall on the Ice Without Getting Hurt
Figure Skating Practice Plan
What to Expect at Your First Ice Skating Lesson
Photos of Famous People in Figure Skating
Figure Skating Drills for Ice Hockey Players
How to Do Forward Crossovers On Figure Skates
Basic Ice Skating Spins
A Guide to the Ice Skating Institute's Beginning Figure Skating Tests
How to Master Spinning on Ice Skates