https://www.bikehighway.com/bikehighway-privacy/
Privacy Policy
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
For the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on Javascript in your browser.
Covid update
During this challenging time, we are working diligently to provide timely service to our customers.
We are continuing to process orders. But COVID-19 has placed considerable pressure on our staffing levels and tracking numbers and other communications may be delayed.. As most of our staff is working from home, we are temporarily suspending telephone contact - please talk to us via E-mail - while it is taking more time than usual to reply we will get back to you.Also please note that staffing at the various warehouses from which our products are shipped are significantly under staffed. So shipping is taking longer. and UPS and Fedex delivery schedules have been stretched out due to a shortage of drivers. So please be patient – we are responding to all communications as soon as humanly possible. Please stay safe and follow CDC guidelines
201-775-4274
Blog
Skip to Content
Sign In
Sign In
Login
Forgot Your Password?
Create an Account
Currency
($)
US Dollar
(A$)
Australian Dollar
(£)
British Pound
(CA$)
Canadian Dollar
(€)
Euro
Toggle Nav
My Cart
Search
Search
Advanced Search
Search
Privacy Policy
Your Privacy is guaranteed.
We NEVER sell, rent or trade our e-mail list – never.
When you communicate with us by e-mail, or purchase a product, we do retain your e-mail address. You can easily remove yourself from our mailing list by simply sending us an e-mail with the word "REMOVE" in the subject line.
Our e-mail address is CustomerService@BikeHighway.Com.
Information
About Us
Privacy Policy
Best Price Guarantee
Shipping
Terms & Conditions
CUSTOMER SERVICE
Contact Us
Site Map
MY ACCOUNT
MY ACCOUNT
Order History
Secured By
© 2020 BikeHighway. All Rights Reserved.
Top
Continue Shopping
Checkout
item(s) in your cart
Go to Checkout