https://www.vi.net/about-us/acceptable-use-policy/
CHAT LIVE NOW
Hello. Thanks for visiting.
Have questions about VI.net? I'm here to help 24/7.
CHAT WITH US
Call us anytime 0800 0 517 417
Acceptable Use Policy
Acceptable Use Policy
The following policy is intended to be a guideline to Virtual Internet (UK) Ltd's stance against violations of the accepted norms of the internet community and is not intended to be exhaustive. We reserve the right at all times to protect our reputation and goodwill.
The customer must not use Virtual internet (UK) Ltd's service for any of the following purposes:
to commit or encourage a criminal offence;
send or receive any material which is offensive, or which we believe maybe abusive, indecent, obscene or menacing, or in breach of confidence, copyright, privacy or any other rights;
do anything which is contrary to the acceptable use policies of any connected networks and Internet standards;
insert or knowingly or recklessly transmit or distribute a virus;
hack into or disrupt any aspect of the Service The customer must not use their account for the purpose of obtaining unauthorised access to any computer or service. circumvent, or attempt to seek to circumvent, any of the security safeguards of Virtual Internet plc or any of its suppliers;
cause annoyance to subscribers or others;
use any domain name or mailbox name so as to infringe upon the rights of any other person whether in statute or common law, in a corresponding trade mark or name;
send any unsolicited advertising or other promotional material, commonly referred to as "spam" by email or by any other electronic means, and the customer must not post articles of a commercial nature to newsgroups which are inappropriate to the subject of the article;
send any unsolicited emails advertising a site or service on our network, or allow any third party to do so;
send email or any other type of electronic message with the intention or result of affecting the performance or functionality of any computer facilities;
The customer must not email a person after they have specifically requested that you do not mail them. This applies to any automated mail system you employ.
The customer must not send email or post articles with headers modified in such a way as to disguise the true source of such mail or article.
The customer must ensure that his or her equipment cannot be used to relay mail for a third party.
Where applicable, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your username and the password assigned to you on registration. As a result, you are fully responsible for all activities which occur under them. You must notify us immediately of any unauthorised use to which you become aware.
Chat with an Expert Now
Live Chat
Call
Email
Skype