https://www.santaanita.com/terms-of-use/
Terms of Use
This website is provided by Los Angeles Turf Club Incorporated and Los Angeles Turf Club II, Inc. (collectively “Santa Anita Park”), subject to the following terms and conditions (“Terms”). By using this website, you agree to these Terms.
Changes to the Website and to the Terms
In preparing this website, Santa Anita Park has tried to include accurate, complete and current information; however, there are no guarantees or warranties (express or implied) about the website contents. The information contained here is provided “AS IS” and Santa Anita Park is not responsible for its use or misuse. Santa Anita Park may change or delete portions of this website from time to time without notice or obligation to the users. Information may be changed or updated without notice and may contain technical, substantive, or other inaccuracies. Santa Anita Park makes no commitment to, and specifically disclaims any duty to, update or correct any such information. Santa Anita Park shall not be liable for damages of any kind arising out of or in connection with the use of this website.
Santa Anita Park may change the Terms from time to time, and your continued use of this website after any changes constitutes your acceptance of the new Terms.
Copyright
The text, images, graphics and layout on this website are copyrighted and are protected by international copyright laws and treaties and are either owned or licensed by Santa Anita Park.
Santa Anita Park grants to you a revocable license to view and print any material on this website for personal, non-commercial use provided that you do not modify or alter the material in any way, including by deleting or changing any copyright or trademark notice. This is a license grant and does not constitute any transfer of ownership. This license is non-transferable and may be terminated or revoked at any time in Santa Anita Park’s sole and absolute discretion. The contents of this website may not be copied or displayed for commercial purposes without our written consent.
Santa Anita Park reserves the right to control the framing of this site. You are expressly prohibited from framing or otherwise displaying or incorporating any portion of this website into any other information system.
Trademarks
The trademarks, trade names, service marks, and corporate logos and emblems displayed on this website, including names and logos identifying Santa Anita Park, its corporate parent TSG Developments Investments Inc. (“TSG”), and any of their affiliates (each, a “TSG Trademark”) are owned by Santa Anita Park, TSG or an affiliate, respectively. No TSG Trademark may be used without prior written permission from the owner of the TSG Trademark.
Other marks that appear on this website may be claimed as trademarks or service marks by their respective owners, who may not be affiliated with Santa Anita Park.
Privacy Statement
Santa Anita’s privacy statement also applies to your use of this website and is incorporated herein by this reference.
Confidentiality
Unless Santa Anita Park has entered into a separate agreement with you or your company to the contrary, and subject to California state law, Santa Anita Park is under no obligation to protect or otherwise treat as confidential any information you submit to Santa Anita Park via this website. By submitting any information to Santa Anita Park via this website, you agree that such information shall become the property of Santa Anita Park and may be used, copied, sublicensed, adapted, transmitted, distributed, publicly performed, published, displayed or deleted as Santa Anita Park sees fit without notice or obligation to the originator. You agree that you are not entitled to any compensation, credit, or notice whatsoever and that by sending an unsolicited submission you waive the right to make any claim against Santa Anita Park, or its affiliates or subsidiaries relating to unsolicited submissions, including, without limitation, unfair competition, breach of implied contract. or breach of confidentiality.
Santa Anita Park, subject to California state law, may collect and sell to third parties your non-identifying personal information.
Links to Third Party Websites
Santa Anita Park does not control and is therefore not responsible for the content of any non-Santa Anita Park website you may gain access to through this website. Links to non-Santa Anita Park websites are provided only as a convenience and do not imply that Santa Anita Park endorses, verifies, monitors, or accepts any responsibility for the content of any such website. Santa Anita Park makes no representations about, and is not responsible for, the contents or use of such other websites. You acknowledge and agree that Santa Anita Park shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any non-Santa Anita Park website.
Last updated on Friday, January 29, 2016.