http://www.leisurelakesbikes.com/termsandconditions
Sale
Bikes
Mountain Bikes
Road Bikes
Electric Bikes
Shop by Category
Accessories
Bags & Racks
Clothing
Footwear
Maintenance
Parts
Protection
Womens
Shop by Brand
Cube
Endura
Five Ten
Fox Racing
SealSkinz
Specialized
Trek
Whyte
Bikes
Mountain
Sale Mountain Bikes
Full Suspension Mountain Bikes
Hardtail Mountain Bikes
Electric Mountain Bikes
Fat Bikes
Dirt Jump Bikes
Kids Mountain Bikes
Mountain Bike Frames
Road
Sale Road Bikes
Endurance Road Bikes
Racing Road Bikes
Gravel Bikes
Hybrid Bikes
Folding Bikes
Electric Hybrid Bikes
Electric Road Bikes
Road Bike Frames
Bikes by Gender
Mens Bikes
Womens Bikes
Kids Bikes
Bikes by Brand
Specialized
Whyte
Trek
Santa Cruz
Cube
Orbea
Merida
Cannondale
Nukeproof
Transition
Raleigh
E-Bikes
Electric Bikes
Electric Mountain Bikes
Electric Leisure Bikes
Electric Road Bikes
Electric Scooters
Brands
Specialized
Trek
Cannondale
Haibike
Cube
Clothing & Protection
Clothing
Jerseys
Base Layers
Shorts
Pants
Overtrousers
Bib Shorts
Tights
Undershorts
Jackets
Gloves
Casual Wear
Gilets
Headwear
Eyewear
Skinsuits
Warmers
Youth Clothing
Footwear
Flat Shoes
Clip-In Shoes
Overshoes
Winter Shoes
Helmets
Trail Helmets
Full Face Helmets
Road Bike Helmets
Commute Helmets
Kids Helmets
Body Protection
Knee Pads
Elbow Pads
Body Protection
Neck Brace
Brands
FOX Racing
Endura
Troy Lee Designs
SealSkinZ
Castelli
Dakine
Altura
Madison
Gore
Smith
Parts & Accessories
Parts
Bar Tape
Brakes
Grips
Handlebars
Headsets
Pedals
Saddles
Seatposts
Stems
Suspension
Tubes
Tyres
Wheels
Drivetrain
Bottom Brackets
Cassettes
Chain Devices & Bash Guards
Chainrings
Chains
Cranks & Chainsets
Derailleurs
Groupsets
Jockey Wheels
Shifters
Accessories
Computers & GPS
Lights
Locks
Mudguards
Bottles & Cages
Child Trailers & Seats
Tool Organisers
Tailgate Covers
Turbo Trainers
Bike Protection
Bags
Hydration Packs
Nutrition
Rider Care
Bike Storage
Car Racks
Tools & Maintenance
Cleaning Products
Puncture Repair
Lubes & Grease
Tools
Pumps
Tubeless Kits
Suspension Tuning
Brands
Our Top Brands
Altura
Burgtec
Cube
Endura
Five Ten
FOX Racing
Hope Tech
OneUp Components
Orbea
Santa Cruz
Specialized
Trek
Troy Lee Designs
Whyte
Brands
Cannondale
Castelli
Dakine
DMR
DT Swiss
Exposure
Fabric
FOX Suspension
Hope Tech
Lezyne
Madison
Mavic
Merida
Muc-Off
Nukeproof
Oakley
Park Tools
RapidRacerProducts
Renthal
Ride Concepts
RockShox
Santa Cruz
SealSkinz
Transition
Smith
Wahoo
Shimano
Yeti
Specialized
SRAM
Stages
Stans NoTubes
Tacx
Topeak
0
Your Profile
Your Basket 0
Your Offers 0
Continue Shopping
Checkout
FREE Delivery over £25 (Excluding Bikes)
ESSENTIAL RETAIL: WE'RE STAYING OPEN
Visit us in-store, or shop online today.
READ MORE
To improve your shopping experience today and in the future, this site uses cookies.
Read our full Privacy Policy & Cookie information here
I Accept Cookies
The Contract
After placing an order you will receive an email from us acknowledging that we have received your order for the goods and the delivery services you have requires. This does not mean that your order has been accepted. Your order constitutes an offer to Leisure Lakes Bikes to buy goods. All orders are subject to acceptance by use and will confirm acceptance by sending an email that confirms dispatch by the deliver service provider. The contract between you and Leisure Lakes Bikes will only be formed when we send you this dispatch confirmation.
The contract will relate only to those goods whose dispatch we have confirmed in the dispatch confirmation. We will not be obliged to supply any other goods which may have been part of your order until the dispatch of such goods has been confirmed in a separate dispatch confirmation.
We reserve the right to cancel the contract between us if:
We have insufficient stock to deliver the Goods you have ordered;
The delivery service provider does not deliver to your area
One or more of the Goods you ordered was listed at an incorrect price due to a typographical error or an error in the pricing information received by us from our suppliers; or
We have reason to suspect that there is a risk of a fraudulent transaction.
If we do cancel your contract, we will notify you by email and will re-credit to your account any sum deducted by us (in respect of Goods provided by us, and delivery services provided by the delivery service provider (unless amounts in respect of delivery are refunded directly by the delivery service provider)), from your debit or credit card as soon as possible but in any event within 30 days of your order. We will not be obliged to offer any additional compensation for disappointment suffered.
Returns
In the unlikely event that you are dissatisfied with your purchase please feel free to return your goods within 14 days of the purchase date for a full exchange or refund. Any item (excluding food and underwear) can be returned to us for any reason provided it is returned in ‘showroom condition’ with its original packaging and tags with a valid receipt/delivery note.
Returns can be made at any Leisure Lakes Bikes store not just the one you made your purchase at, including those made online. Alternatively you can return your goods by post. You should always keep proof of postage and we advise you to use a ‘signed for service’ when returning goods.
It if your responsibility to ensure that the item is returned to us in a safe and secure manner, and in the even of a refund or exchange, in saleable condition (in original packaging and including all warranty, cards, manuals and accessories).
Send your goods securely packaged by a recorded delivery method, including a copy of your receipt and the returns form to:
Leisure Lakes Bikes,
Unit 9 Centurion Industrial Estate,
Centurion Way,
Leyland,
PR25 4GU
Refunds will be processed using the same method of payment used for the original purchase. Credit and debit card refunds must be made to the card used for the original transaction, cheque payments will be refunded in cash but due to banking restrictions cab only be refunded at least 14 days after the original purchase date. Due to the high incidence of fraud we regret that we are unable to offer any refund without a valid receipt/delivery note.
Refunds will be made for faulty or incorrect items returned within 14 working days, including any delivery charges incurred by the buyer (excluding 'Special Delivery') in the return of the item.
If the products you ordered are delivered to you in good condition but you wish to return them for any reason we will refund the full value of the goods excluding any carriage charge upon receipt of your returned goods.
Bike Returns
If you wish to return your bike to us please keep it in the box it arrived in and call us on 01772 644340 and we will arrange a collection.
Please note the following:
If we have sent you the incorrect bicycle, we will cover the cost of collection and delivery of the correct model.
If we have delivered the bicycle you ordered, but upon inspection you decide it is not the bike for you, we will charge you £50.00 for the collection.
Please do not ride the bike as a full refund cannot be given if the bike has been used
Accuracy of website content
Our website team at Leisure Lakes Bikes work tirelessly to create the images and descriptions featured on our site and every effort is made to be as accurate as possible.
Published product details, specifications and suitability information is the best available at the time. Leisure Lakes Bikes shall not be held responsible for the accuracy of any advice given regarding the suitability (or otherwise) of any part/s required for the repair of an item. If you have ordered an item and it does not match your expectations based on its description on leisurelakesbikes.com we will provide you with a full refund upon the return of the item.
Price Match
We only offer price match on items that are in stock available for immediate dispatch on a UK company in exactly the same variant
The item(s) must be in stock, in the same size, colour and model from the company you wish us to price match
VIP reward points can not be used as part payment on any price match
VIP reward points are not included with any price match
Comparison value includes delivery charges
We have the right to refuse a price match at any time without further explanation
We can not price match on cycle to work, finance or trade in's
We can not price match Black Friday deals
Trade In Bikes
We can only accept trade in bikes from the original owner and must see proof of purchase to confirm ownership
Trade in prices are given after inspection only and estimates given over the phone can not be taken as a confirmed price
The manager has the right to refuse a trade in deal for any reason
Trade in bikes can only be acceped against the purchase of a new bike at full RRP
Excludes the purchase of a sale bike
Hire Bikes & Demo Bikes
When hiring or demoing any bike from any of our stores you are agreeing to our terms and conditions: 1) Any damage to the hire/demo bike whilst in the possesion of the hirer during their hire period will be assessed and the hirer will be charged for the damage. 2) If the hire/demo bike is lost or stolen during their hirerer's hire period then the price of the bike (this will be determined by the Leisure Lakes Store manager) will be charged. 3) Helmets must be worn at all times while riding any hire/demo bike and Leisure Lakes Bikes do not take any responsibility for any personal injury whilst riding any of our hire/demo bikes.
Estimated Delivery Times
If your order is placed before 2pm on a week day and is in stock it will be dispatched on the day of ordering and arrive within 3 working days. Any orders received after 2pm cannot be guaranteed to be dispatched that day (although every effort will be made to do so). Orders placed over the weekend will be dispatched on Mondays. Once an item is dispatched it will arrive within 3 working days (provided it is in stock). This excludes orders made for bikes. Some bulky items are sent next day delivery.
All bikes are fully built by our Cytech trained mechanics before dispatch which does mean a slight delay in dispatch. On receipt of your order well will contact you (by email or phone) and inform you of the day we will deliver your new bike.
We do our best to ensure availability of all advertised products and endeavour to despatch all parts within the quoted time. If there is a delay we will inform you of this via email and the product will be despatched as soon as it is available. If you have ordered multiple items they may arrive separately. In the event that an item has been discontinued and must be withdrawn we will inform you as soon as possible and offer an alternative is one is available.
Leisure Lakes Bikes has no liability to you for any delay in the delivery of products ordered. We will do our best to get all orders sent out as quickly as possible. You have the right to cancel delayed orders at any time by calling our mail order team on: on 01772 644340.
All deliveries need to be signed for. Please supply us with a delivery address where there is likely to be someone available to sign for your order during normal working hours. When signing for any delivery please inspect the packaging carefully and if you see signs of damage write the word damage next to your signature – this is particularly important when signing for receipt of a bicycle.
Deliveries will be made via Hermes, UPS or DX depending upon the weight of your goods and the destination. In the event that no-one is available to sign for your items or they are too large to fit through your letterbox, your package will be left in a safe place or a delivery will be re-attempted the following day; you will receive a slip through your door with a telephone number on which you can call to arrange a convenient time for them to re-deliver or arrange a safe place for the parcel to be left.
Liability Policy
We shall not be liable for incidental or consequential damages or expenses. This includes, but is not limited to, damage to property, lost income, profits, economic or commercial losses and third parties claims.
We will do our best to get all orders despatched as quickly as possible. We have no liability to you for any delay in the delivery of products ordered. You have the right to cancel delayed orders at any time and get a refund prior to the item being despatched.
This does not affect your statutory rights.
Privacy Policy
We will never sell or pass on your name and address to any other organisation without your consent.  We will only use the information that we collect about you lawfully (in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998).
Site Security
All credit and debit card payments both online and by telephone are processed through Protx (www.protx.com), who are one of the worlds leading online secure payment companies. Card details are handled solely by Protx, and are not stored or known to the Leisure Lakes Bikes website, nor available to Leisure Lakes Bikes personnel. Protx achieved the highest level of compliance under the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI) and adhere to the most stringent levels of fraud screening, ensuring that customer's details remain secure throughout the transaction process. Ordering with Leisure Lakes Bikes is the most secure way to shop.
General Note
These terms and conditions, together with our current website prices, delivery details, contact details and privacy policy, set out the whole of our agreement relating to the supply of the Goods to you by us. Nothing said by any sales person on our behalf should be understood as a variation of these terms and conditions or as an authorised representation about the nature or quality of any Goods offered for sale by us. Save for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, we shall have no liability for any such representation being untrue or misleading.
Reward points & credit back on bikes
All points promotions exclude sale bikes, bike purchases when trading in a bike, price match, cycle to work scheme vouchers
Reward points can not be used in conjunction with any other offer or cash back website
Reward points are not available on limited edition or exclusive bikes including the Hope HB160 Bike
Voucher Code T&C's
Voucher codes can only be redeemed at time of purchase
Voucher codes can not be used in conjunction with reward points against a purchase
Voucher codes can not be used against any limited edition or exclusive bikes including the Hope HB160 Bike
Individual t&c's apply for voucher codes - please see promotion
Voucher codes can not be used in conjunction with trading in a bike, halfords or cycle to work scheme vouchers
Bike Hire T&C's
The terms and conditions of hire and use of hire equipment from Leisure Lakes Bikes* are subject to change (written) at any time without notice at the discretion of the management of Leisure Lakes Bikes. The hire company is referred to as Leisure Lakes Bikes*. The hirer/s are referred to as I/we or the hirer/s. This hire agreement is a binding contract between Leisure Lakes Bikes* and the Hirer/s.
1. Leisure Lakes Bikes reserve the right to refuse hire of any equipment, to anyone, at any time, the refusal decision is at Leisure Lakes Bikes* discretion. In these extraordinary circumstances, when requested by a customer enquiry or booking to attend a location and a refusal to supply is decided upon. Leisure Lakes Bikes* can apply reasonable charges to cover the costs of the delivery to that customer location. The delivery of each hire item* charged at £25 is usually considered to be reasonable costs under these circumstances.
2. I/we the hirer/s, take full responsibility for the care and use of the hire equipment for the Hire period; from the location and time of delivery of the hire equipment until such time that the equipment is returned to, or collected by Leisure Lakes Bikes* in the same condition as I/we received the hire equipment.
3. The designated signatory for the hirer/s (the person signing and therefore taking overall responsibility) will agree to leave payment card details and produce a corresponding photo i.d card for a security deposit. In the event of damage caused or equipment lost the hirer will pay the cost of each exact or closest equivalent item requiring repair or replacement, whichever is deemed fair by Leisure Lakes Bikes*. In addition any labour cost required to travel, recover, replace or repair the hire equipment within reason.
4. I/we will wear the provided helmet/s and all personal protection equipment provided at all times.
5. I/we will ensure that the hire equipment is used at all times safely and with due consideration of others including pedestrians, animals, cyclist, and all other forms of transport.
6. I/we understand that I/we am responsible for the security of the hire equipment at all times/ and will lock it if I/we leave it unattended at any time. I/we understand that locking the equipment does not mitigate my responsibilities in the event of the equipment being stolen.
7. I/we will return the equipment to the agreed location on or before the time specified in this Agreement in the condition that it was hired without defect/s.
8. I/we will notify Leisure Lakes Bikes* immediately if any damage is caused to the equipment, or if it is involved in an accident of any kind, during the Hire period.
9. I/we agree that I will be responsible for any loss or damage caused to the equipment during the Hire period, and will repay the cost of any such loss or damage.
10. I/we understand that an extension to any hire period must be notified and agreed in written form by Leisure Lakes Bikes*. This
must be done at least 12hours before end of hire period time on the original agreement. This agreement would then carry over to
cover the original and extended period in its interiority.
11. I/we agree additional costs of £25 per item per day (24hrs) late* fees for all equipment, up to a period of 48hrs. Such a fee is
liquidated damages and represents the additional administration costs incurred in dealing with late returns. After this 48hr period
the equipment will be reported stolen and a charge of the items starting recommended retail price for each item will be applied to the
hirer’s payment card.
12. The hire period and therefore this agreement will remain in place until the equipment is returned and inspected to be functional and acceptable to the official Leisure Lakes Bikes* representative, at which point the equipment must return to “available for hire” status with Leisure Lakes Bikes* representative before the security deposit is released.
13. I/we the hirer/s agree to indemnify Leisure Lakes Bikes* from any liability for loss,damage or injury caused to whatever or whomever from use of the hire equipment. It is understood that by signing this waiver the risks attached to using the equipment are understood by the hirer/s and they agree that Leisure Lakes Bikes* make every effort to provide fair warning in the terms of this agreement/waiver.
14. I/we the hirer/s agree to be responsible for the awareness of UK laws regarding use of the equipment on a public highway.
*Leisure Lakes Bikes is the trading name of XLR8 Sports ltd.
Registered Address: 155 Longmeanygate, Midge Hall, Leyland, Lancashire PR26 7TB. Registered in England & Wales Company Number: 3045215.
Live chat
Our Services
Bike Hire
Our Bike Promise
0% Finance
Bike Fit
Bike Servicing
Blog
Cycle To Work
Demo Bikes
Demo Days
Events
Free Insurance
Green Commute
Shop Rides
VIP Club
Help & Info
Delivery
Click & Collect
Returns
Contact Us
My Account
Our History
Price Promise
Privacy Policy & Cookies Usage
Site Map
T&C's
Affiliate Programme
Careers
Trusted Reviews
Customer Support
11 Uk Stores
Contact us
Find us
Leisure Lakes Bikes ©
Signup
Integrated Ecommerce © Citrus-Lime Limited
Click me trigger
Info Main Title My message Close
Notice Main Title My message Close
Success Main Title My message Close
Error Main Title My message Close