http://www.gohalls.com.au/privacy
Privacy Statement | Hall's Taekwondo | Fitness with Meaning
icon-facebookicon-instagramicon-twittericon-youtube
Contact us on 1300 464 255
Contact us on
1300 464 255
About Us
News and Events
Calendar
Testimonials
FAQs
Contact Us
Member Login
Shop
0
What
We
Do
Our
Taekwondo
Programs
Our
Education
Programs
Gallery
Membership & Timetables
Get Started
Privacy Statement
Your privacy is important to us
Connect
Home
Privacy Statement
Policies & Links
Privacy Statement
Terms & Conditions
Helpful Links
Privacy Statement
Hall’s Taekwondo Systems Pty Ltd is committed to meeting or exceeding industry standards and where possible using the latest security systems.
It’s important that you understand the way we obtain and use your personal information and the limited circumstances in which we might disclose it. This privacy statement details the information we gather, how we may use it, and how you can correct or change it if necessary.
Our website has areas where you can provide personal information to identify yourself. We have developed this privacy statement to inform you of our policies and practices regarding such information.
This document is called the Hall’s Taekwondo Privacy Policy. It relates to the web pages and services available at the Hall’s Taekwondo website: www.hallstaekwondo.com.au
Hall’s Taekwondo, the home of Hall’s Taekwondo online:
may alter or update this policy from time to time and will update both written and online versionswill take all reasonable steps to act in accordance with this policyassumes no responsibility for the information practices of other websites that a user is able to access through our site.
What Information Do We Collect?
The information we collect depends on what you’re doing. When you apply to Hall’s Taekwondo, the home of Hall’s Taekwondo online, we collect personal details such as your name, email, postal address and phone number. This information is essential for us to be able to accurately identify you when you access our services.
We may also record other information. Whenever a page is requested from our server, we record the time, date and internet protocol (IP) address of the request, along with information on the browser software being used.
How Do We Use Your Information?
Your credit card number is only used to charge for the products and services for which you’ve subscribed. We don’t see or store this information; it’s only used by the bank to process your transaction as authorised by you.
We treat the information we collect from you as confidential. Other than as set out below, we will not reveal, disclose, sell, distribute, rent, licence, share or pass on to any third parties, any personal information that you may have provided to us, unless we have your express consent to do so.
Exceptions to Sharing Information
We may share your information when there are reasonable grounds to believe that disclosure is necessary to prevent a threat to life or health and where Hall’s Taekwondo, the home of Hall’s Taekwondo online, is required by law to provide your information.
The open nature of the internet means no data transmission is 100% secure. While we strive to protect your information, we can’t guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us or receive from our online products or services. These activities are conducted at your own risk. Once we receive your information, we’ll use our best efforts to ensure its security.
Contact Us To Learn More
If you have questions about this policy statement, our site or your experience with Hall’s Taekwondo please contact us. We’re always happy to hear from you.
You might also be interested in
Team Demonstrations
COMMUNITY & CORPORATE
Team Demonstrations
We invite enthusiastic young black belts to perform as part of an energetic demonstration team to enhance their Beyond Black Belt training.
Read more
Timetables
Classes for Everyone
Timetables
At Hall’s Taekwondo, you can cross-train at any centre. We’ll always make you feel welcome, and help you get the most from your training.
Read more
History of Hall's
33 years strong
History of Hall's
Hall’s Taekwondo is a Melbourne institution. We’ve been an integral part of the development of taekwondo in Australia for 33 years, and we o…
Read more
Image:
/
Want to know more?
Sign up to Hall’s Taekwondo news
Sign me up
Back to top
Privacy statement
Terms of use
Helpful links
Copyright 2017 © Hall’s Taekwondo Systems 2017. All Rights Reserved.
Copyright 2017 © Hall’s Taekwondo Systems 2017. All Rights Reserved.