https://www.vernondowns.com/legal/
Home>Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy / Copyright / Legal Statement
Vernon Downs Casino Hotel will not sell, trade, or disclose to third parties any personal information obtained through Vernon Downs Casino Hotel or obtained from strategic partners, without your consent. Vernon Downs Casino Hotel may disclose personal information:
To comply with a court order, subpoena, search warrant or other legal process
To comply with legal, regulatory or administrative requirements of any governmental authorities
To protect and defend Vernon Downs Casino Hotel, its subsidiaries and affiliates, and all of their officers, directors, employees, attorneys, agents, contractors, and partners, in connection with any legal action, claim or dispute
To enforce the terms of use of Vernon Downs Casino Hotel Web Site
To prevent imminent physical harm
To businesses that Vernon Downs Casino Hotel may use for purposes of performing functions on behalf of Vernon Downs Casino Hotel, such as companies that process credit card transactions
In connection with the sale, assignment, or transfer of any Vernon Downs Casino Hotel properties or web sites
To strategic partners and affiliates of Vernon Downs Casino Hotel for purposes of tracking reservations and corresponding hotel stays generated through Vernon Downs Casino Hotel’s affiliate program managed by strategic partners and calculating and auditing commissions that may be paid in relation to the hotel stay
Copyright ©2008 Vernon Downs Casino Hotel. All rights reserved.
Copyright in this website is owned by Vernon Downs Casino Hotel. Any reproduction, of this site in either part or whole, without the written consent of Vernon Downs Casino Hotel is illegal.
Use of this site is subject to the terms and conditions contained within our legal statement. Before using this site please read the legal terms and conditions associated with this site:
Legal Notice, Disclaimer, and Terms of Use
The following are terms of a legal agreement between you and Vernon Downs Casino Hotel (“Terms”). By accessing, browsing, and/or using this Web site (“Site”), you acknowledge that you read, understand, and agree to be bound by these Terms and to comply with all applicable laws and regulations, including U.S. export and re-export control laws and regulations. If you do not agree to these Terms, do not use this Site.
Restrictions on Use of Site
Vernon Downs Casino Hotel hereby authorizes you to copy the materials published by Vernon Downs Casino Hotel on this Site (the “Materials”) exclusively for non-commercial use by you personally or within your organization. The design and layout of the Site are specifically excluded from the Materials. No other use of the Materials is authorized. In consideration of this authorization, you agree that any copy of the Materials (or any portion of the Materials) that you make shall retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained herein or therein.
Property Rights
The products, technology, and/or processes described in this Site may be the subject of intellectual property rights reserved by Vernon Downs Casino Hotel or other third parties. Nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring to you in any manner, whether by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any license, title, or ownership of or to any intellectual property right of Vernon Downs Casino Hotel or any third party.
General Disclaimer
The Materials have been compiled by Vernon Downs Casino Hotel from internal and external sources. However, while Vernon Downs Casino Hotel has attempted to provide accurate information on the Site, no representation is made or warranty given as to the completeness or accuracy of the Materials. In particular, you should be aware that the Materials may be incomplete, may contain errors, or may have become out of date. You should therefore verify information obtained from this Site before you take any action upon it.
THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS SITE IS PROVIDED “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGMENT.
Vernon Downs Casino Hotel SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES SUFFERED BY OR INJURY CAUSED TO YOU, INCLUDING ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, AND/OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO, OR INABILITY TO ACCESS, THIS SITE, OR FROM YOUR RELIANCE ON ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED IN THE SITE, EVEN IF Vernon Downs Casino Hotel AND/OR ITS AFFILIATES HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
Links to Third Party Web sites: Framing
This Site may provide links or references to other sites, including sites provided by the United States government; Vernon Downs Casino Hotel has no responsibility for the content of these other sites, does not make any representations or give any warranties with respect to any information contained in or at these other sites, and shall not be liable for any damages or injury arising from the content of these other sites. Vernon Downs Casino Hotel does not endorse companies or products to which it has provided links. Any links to other sites are provided merely as a convenience to the users of this Site and, if you decide to access any of the third party sites linked to this Site, you do so entirely at your own risk. Vernon Downs Casino Hotel reserves the right to terminate any link or linking program at any time. There may be circumstances where access to this Site is provided by a hypertext link located at another Web site.
Vernon Downs Casino Hotel does not make any representations or give any warranties with respect to any information contained in or at these other sites and Vernon Downs Casino Hotel shall not be liable for any damages or injury arising from the content of these other sites. Vernon Downs Casino Hotel does not endorse the individuals, companies or other similar entities, or any products or materials associated with such individuals, companies or other similar entities, which provide a link to this Site at their Web sites. Unless approved in writing in advance by Vernon Downs Casino Hotel, you agree not to: (a) provide or create a link to this Site; and (b) create any frames at any other Web sites pertaining to any of the Materials located at this Site. Contact Vernon Downs Casino Hotel to seek approval for linking to this Site.
Updates
The Materials published on this Site may include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Changes — including, but not limited to, quoted prices — may be made periodically to the Materials. Vernon Downs Casino Hotel may also make improvements and/or changes in the products and services and/or the programs described in the Materials at any time without notice. Vernon Downs Casino Hotel shall have the right to revise these Terms at any time by updating this posting. By using this Site, you agree to be bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this Site to determine the then-current Terms to which you are bound.
Disclosure: Forward-Looking Statements
Some of the Materials may contain projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial or technical performance of Vernon Downs Casino Hotel. We wish to caution you that these statements are only predictions and that actual events or results may differ materially. We refer you to the documents Vernon Downs Casino Hotel files from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission; specifically, including our most recent annual report, quarterly report, and proxy statement. These documents contain and identify important factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those contained in our projections or forward-looking statements including, among others, substantial capital requirements; development of effective internal processes and systems; the ability to attract and retain high quality employees; changes in the overall economy; technology; the number and size of competitors in its markets; law and regulatory policy; and the mix of products and services offered in the company’s target markets.
User Communications
Subject to the parameters and restrictions set forth in our Online Privacy Policy, Vernon Downs Casino Hotel is under no obligation to refrain from reproducing, publishing, or otherwise using communications you send to or receive from this Site or otherwise send to or receive from Vernon Downs Casino Hotel by electronic mail or other electronic means, including any ideas, inventions, concepts, techniques, or know-how disclosed therein, for any purpose, including the developing, manufacturing, and/or marketing of products or services incorporating such information. You hereby give Vernon Downs Casino Hotel your consent to use your personal data consistent with Vernon Downs Casino Hotel’s Online Privacy Policy.
Vernon Downs Casino Hotel Online Privacy Policy
Vernon Downs Casino Hotel is committed to protecting the privacy of visitors to this and other Vernon Downs Casino Hotel Web sites. To accomplish this, we have implemented a comprehensive Online Privacy Policy that governs all Internet-related communications for Vernon Downs Casino Hotel. This policy is subject to change. We will, however, keep this page updated to make visitors aware of any and all changes.
Please read our policy and let us know what you think. If you have any questions about this policy, please feel free to contact us.
We will share aggregated demographic information with our customers, partners, and advertisers. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Collection of Usage Data
Our servers automatically gather information about which sites you visit on the Internet as well as which particular pages of our Site you have visited. We use that information solely to evaluate the popularity of certain pages or sections of our Site in order to improve customer satisfaction, internal marketing analysis, and for the other purposes stated above.
What about “cookies?”
The term “cookie” refers to files that are transferred from a Web site to your computer’s hard drive. The purpose of cookies is to enable us to track your activities on our Web site. Cookies help us remember who you are. They work in the same fashion as the clerk in a store you visit on a regular basis. The store clerk may not necessarily know your name, but he or she recognizes that you have been in the store before and may remember what you usually purchase while you are in the store. Cookies permit us to gain the same kind of information about you and enable us to provide you with more efficient and personalized service. For example, for sites that require registration, a cookie file can be stored on your computer enabling you to skip the registration process on subsequent visits. Cookies are also frequently used to track the progression of a customer engaged in an online purchase to ensure that the transactional information remains intact.
Some (usually newer) versions of Web browsers allow you to decide whether or not to accept cookie files and some programs notify you when a Web site is about to deposit a cookie file on your hard drive. If you decide not to accept cookies, you may not be able to successfully navigate some portions of a Web site.
You can check your hard drive for cookie files. For PC’s, look for “cookies.txt” files on your hard drive. On a Macintosh, look for “magic cookies.” There are software programs available (“cookie cutters” and “anonymizers”) that allow you to selectively edit cookie files.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction: Compliance With Laws
Access to this Site is governed by U.S. federal law. Any legal action or proceeding relating to your access to, or use of, this Site shall be instituted only in a state or federal court located in Harris County, Texas. You and Vernon Downs Casino Hotel agree to submit to the jurisdiction of, and agree that venue is proper in, these courts in any such legal action or proceeding.
Specifically, European Union Nationals may have rights under the European Commissions’ Data Protection Directive and implementing privacy legislation in the member states. By using this Web site you may be consenting to processing of your personal data which does not conform to such privacy protection laws.
All information available at this Site is subject to U.S. export control laws and may also be subject to the laws of the country where you reside. All Vernon Downs Casino Hotel products and publications are commercial in nature. Any Materials copied or downloaded from this Site for or on behalf of the United States of America, its agencies and or instrumentalities (“U.S. Government”), is provided with restricted rights. Use, duplication, or disclosure by the U.S. Government is subject to the restrictions as set forth in subparagraph (c)(1)(ii) of the Rights in Technical Data and Computer Software clause at DFARS 252.227-7013 or subparagraphs (c)(1) and (2) of the Commercial Computer Software-Restricted Rights at 48 CFR 52.227-19, as applicable.
Waiver
No delay or omission by Vernon Downs Casino Hotel to exercise any right occurring upon any noncompliance on your part with respect to any of the terms of this Agreement shall impair any such right or power or be construed to be a waiver thereof. Any waiver by Vernon Downs Casino Hotel of any of the covenants, conditions, or agreements to be performed by you shall not be construed to be a waiver of any succeeding breach thereof or of any covenant, condition, or agreement herein contained.
Trademark Information
Vernon Downs Casino Hotel and the Vernon Downs Casino Hotel logo are trademarks of Vernon Downs Casino Hotel. The Vernon Downs Casino Hotel trademark and other designated product and feature names are trademarks of Vernon Downs Casino Hotel and may be used publicly only with prior permission from Vernon Downs Casino Hotel. Fair use of Vernon Downs Casino Hotel trademarks in advertising and promotion of Vernon Downs Casino Hotel products and services requires proper acknowledgment.
Menu
X
BE PART OF OUR SPECIAL EVENT!
BRIDES
VENDORS
×
×
×
In the midst of growing concerns regarding Coronavirus (COVID-19) we want to inform you of what Vernon Downs Casino Hotel is doing to maintain a clean and healthy environment for our guests and team members. We continue to actively monitor developments and guidance from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) and the World Health Organization (WHO) to ensure that we are taking the most comprehensive actions.
Here are some of the added protections that we have put in place:
Our employees are required to wash their hands often, and we encourage all our guests to do so as well. It is recommended that hands be vigorously washed with soap and water for at least 20 seconds.
We have placed hand sanitizer dispensers throughout the property, especially in high-visibility areas. We are also increasing our reserves of hand sanitizer for use over an extended period.
We have increased the frequency of cleaning high-touch surfaces in public areas across our property including casino, hotel, restaurants and bars, spa, fitness center, pool area, public restrooms, hotel rooms, elevators, as well as frequently touched areas on the casino floor.
If an employee appears to be suffering from flu-like symptoms, they will be asked to promptly seek appropriate medical attention and to remain at home until they are free of symptoms.
We are encouraging guests who are ill to seek appropriate medical attention, and to avoid public exposure as much as possible.
For additional information about COVID-19, please read the latest report from the Centers for Disease Control at www.cdc.gov, or your local health department website.
We appreciate your continued business and loyalty. We are committed to implementing recommendations from the health authorities to give you peace of mind as you visit our properties now and in the future. The health and safety of our guests and employees will always be our most important consideration, especially during these challenging times.
×
Vernon Downs Casino Hotel is OPEN!
- For your safety, certain occupancy restrictions apply.
Attention ladies and gentleman, Vernon Downs Casino Hotel is Open* with the following exceptions:
The Live Entertainment in Ring Eyed Pete’s is canceled until further notice.
Champion’s Buffet is closed until further notice.
The Wedding Expo on April 5th has been cancelled.
All other areas are fully operational.
Please contact us if you have any questions.
*For your safety, certain occupancy restrictions apply.
In the midst of growing concerns regarding Coronavirus (COVID-19) we want to inform you of what Vernon Downs Casino Hotel is doing to maintain a clean and healthy environment for our guests and team members. We continue to actively monitor developments and guidance from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) and the World Health Organization (WHO) to ensure that we are taking the most comprehensive actions.
Here are some of the added protections that we have put in place:
Our employees are required to wash their hands often, and we encourage all our guests to do so as well. It is recommended that hands be vigorously washed with soap and water for at least 20 seconds.
We have placed hand sanitizer dispensers throughout the property, especially in high-visibility areas. We are also increasing our reserves of hand sanitizer for use over an extended period.
We have increased the frequency of cleaning high-touch surfaces in public areas across our property including casino, hotel, restaurants and bars, spa, fitness center, pool area, public restrooms, hotel rooms, elevators, as well as frequently touched areas on the casino floor.
If an employee appears to be suffering from flu-like symptoms, they will be asked to promptly seek appropriate medical attention and to remain at home until they are free of symptoms.
We are encouraging guests who are ill to seek appropriate medical attention, and to avoid public exposure as much as possible.
For additional information about COVID-19, please read the latest report from the Centers for Disease Control at www.cdc.gov, or your local health department website.
We appreciate your continued business and loyalty. We are committed to implementing recommendations from the health authorities to give you peace of mind as you visit our properties now and in the future. The health and safety of our guests and employees will always be our most important consideration, especially during these challenging times.
×
The Vernon Downs Casino Hotel Management stand with all those directly and indirectly affected by Coronavirus (COVID-19), as communities get ready to face unprecedented challenges and difficult decisions. We have been closely monitoring the news of Coronavirus as reported by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) and the World Health Organization (WHO). Our highest priority is the safety and health of our patrons, employees, and community. That being said, we have temporarily closed by order of the governor, and have suspended all property operations. We feel this is best step for the safety of our community. If you have questions, we have put together a Temporarily Suspended FAQ.
During this closure period, we will do our absolute best to keep the public updated and answer your questions via our Website and Facebook Pages. If we should decide to open sooner, or feel it is necessary to extend this temporary suspension, we will update them as soon as possible.
As we prepare and navigate through this uncertain time, we will continue to follow guidance from the CDC, WHO, and other medical and government authorities. We also encourage people to follow guidance from the CDC and the WHO, as there is a lot we can do to help prevent the spread of this virus. We will continue to support any efforts that will protect the health and well-being of our communities.
We want to thank all our patrons, followers and employees for your patience and understanding during this difficult time. Please continue to stay safe, and we look forward to seeing you all soon.
The Vernon Downs Casino Hotel Management stand with all those directly and indirectly affected by Coronavirus (COVID-19), as communities get ready to face unprecedented challenges and difficult decisions. We have been closely monitoring the news of Coronavirus as reported by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) and the World Health Organization (WHO). Our highest priority is the safety and health of our patrons, employees, and community. That being said, we have temporarily closed by order of the governor, and have suspended all property operations. We feel this is best step for the safety of our community. If you have questions, we have put together a Temporarily Suspended FAQ.
During this closure period, we will do our absolute best to keep the public updated and answer your questions via our Website and Facebook Pages. If we should decide to open sooner, or feel it is necessary to extend this temporary suspension, we will update them as soon as possible.
As we prepare and navigate through this uncertain time, we will continue to follow guidance from the CDC, WHO, and other medical and government authorities. We also encourage people to follow guidance from the CDC and the WHO, as there is a lot we can do to help prevent the spread of this virus. We will continue to support any efforts that will protect the health and well-being of our communities.
We want to thank all our patrons, followers and employees for your patience and understanding during this difficult time. Please continue to stay safe, and we look forward to seeing you all soon.
×