http://www.kandahar.org.uk/privacy-policy
Kandahar Ski Club Privacy Policy
Introduction
Kandahar Ski Club Limited takes your privacy very seriously and is committed to protecting your personal information. This privacy policy sets out the way in which any personal information provided to us is used and kept secure by us. It applies whenever we collect your personal data including when you use our website or other digital platforms, so please read this document carefully.
About us
Kandahar Ski Club Limited is a company limited by guarantee registered in England and Wales with company number 02432284 and whose registered office is at Unity Chambers, 34 High East Street, Dorchester, Dorset DT1 1HA. In this privacy policy, references to “we”, “us”, “our” or “KSC” are to Kandahar Ski Club Limited.
Information that we collect
You may provide us with the following types of personal information when using our digital platforms or otherwise:
Identity – first name(s), surname, gender, date of birth
Contact – postal address and email address
Financial – payment card details, billing address, purchase information, payment history
Profile – username, profile image
We may collect using cookies the following types of information when you browse our website:
Usage – information about how you use our website, including time spent on page, click-throughs, download errors
Technical – IP address, browser type, hardware type, network and software identifiers, device information, operating system and system configuration
How we use your personal information
We use the information collected from you for various purposes including the following:
to provide you with services and products that you request (such as ski race training, events and KSC merchandise)
to administer competitions
to process payments that you make
for internal administration and record keeping
to notify you of changes to this Privacy Notice, our terms and conditions or other changes to our services or products
to answer your enquiries which may involve contacting you by post, e-mail or phone
to send members email newsletters and a printed annual Review
to publish the names of members in the members list in the Review
to publish images in the Review and on our digital platforms (in each case, only where you have consented to us doing so)
to send you certain types of direct marketing
to administer our digital platforms, including trouble-shooting, testing and analysis and to enable you to participate in interactive features of our digital platforms
to verify your identity and detect and prevent fraud and security issues
The reasons for processing your personal information
We use your personal information for the following reasons:
to perform a contract, such as providing members’ services and products to you
to comply with legal and regulatory obligations
for legitimate business purposes including KSC activities
in certain cases, with your consent
We may process your personal information for more than one lawful basis depending on the specific purpose for which we are using it.
Disclosure of your personal information
We may on occasions pass your personal information to third party suppliers who provide services to us (for example in relation to payment processing, legal and accountancy, database management). We require these parties to agree to process this information based on our instructions and requirements consistent with this privacy policy and data protection laws.
We may pass on your personal information to government or regulatory authorities or law enforcement officials to assist with their requests and comply with our legal obligations.
We may also disclose your personal information to other ski clubs, ski race organisers and national and international ski race federations to the extent necessary to enable your participation in competitions and to comply with any skiing regulations or any investigations in relation to incidents at competitions.
We will not pass on your personal information to any third party to market their products/services to you unless we have obtained your consent.
Transmission of personal information outside the EEA
Some of the organisations to which we may disclose your personal information are situated outside the European Economic Area in countries which may not have laws that protect privacy rights as extensively as in the United Kingdom. If we transfer your personal information to countries outside the European Economic Area, we will take proper steps to ensure that your information is treated fairly and lawfully in all respects.
Personal information retention policy
We will keep personal information only for as long as necessary for us to fulfil the purposes for which we collected it including compliance with any legal, accounting, or reporting obligations. In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your personal information as described below.
Security of personal information
We have adopted appropriate security measures to ensure your data is kept safe and secure and to prevent unauthorised access or use or loss of your data. We also make sure that third parties who need to handle your data when helping us to deliver our services are subject to suitable confidentiality and security standards.
Despite the security measures we implement, please be aware that the transmission of data via the internet is not completely secure. We therefore cannot guarantee that information transmitted to us via the internet will be completely secure and any transmission is at your own risk.
Your legal rights
Under the data protection laws, you may have the following rights:
to request a copy of the personal information that we hold about you.
to request correction of the personal information that we hold about you that is inaccurate or incomplete.
in certain circumstances to ask for the personal information we hold about you to be erased from our records.
where certain conditions apply you have a right to restrict the processing of your personal information.
to request the transfer of your personal information to another organisation.
to object to certain types of processing such as direct marketing, as well as processing we undertake based on our legitimate interests.
to object to automated processing, including profiling – you also have the right not to be subject to the legal effects of automated processing or profiling.
If you want to exercise any of these rights, please contact us using the contact details set out below. You do not have to pay a fee to exercise your rights, unless your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive (in which case we can charge a reasonable fee). Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances. Where your request is legitimate, we will always aim to respond within one month (unless there is a cogent reason to take longer, such as where your request is particularly complex). We may also need to confirm your identify before we proceed with your request.
Additionally, you may get in touch with the ICO (Information Commissioner’s Office) if you are concerned about the way in which we are handling your personal information. However, where possible, we would appreciate you contacting us first if you have any concerns so that we can try to resolve them for you.
Cookies
Our website uses cookies and by continuing to browse our website, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
A cookie is a small data file containing an identity code. With your consent, your computer accepts the cookie and stores it. When you next visit our website, the code is retrieved, allowing an individual visitor or computer to be recognised.
Our cookies do not contain any personal data so you cannot be personally identified.
We use independent measurement and research companies to gather information regarding the visitors to our website using cookies, log file data and code embedded on our website.  We use this type of information to help improve the services it provides to its users; however, we insist that third parties do not use any of this type of information for their own business or other purposes. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for the privacy practices of such third party websites and your use of such websites is at your own risk.
We use the following types of cookies:
Strictly necessary cookies.These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website.  They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website and make purchases, if required.
Analytical/performance cookies.They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our websites.  This helps us to improve the way our websites work, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Functionality cookies.These are used to recognise you when you return to our websites.  This enables us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
Targeting cookies.These cookies record your visit to our websites, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed.  We will use this information to make our websites and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests.  We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.
Most browsers accept cookies automatically, but you can set your browser to prevent this. If you wish to restrict or block the cookies, you can do this within your browser settings.   For more information about how to change your browser settings and information about cookies generally, please see the independent website: www.aboutcookies.org. Restricting or blocking cookies may limit your browsing experience of our website and not all areas of the website may not work correctly for you.
Third Party Links
Our website may include links to third party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third party websites and we are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit.
Changes to this privacy policy
If we amend our privacy policy, it will be published on the KSC website, so please check regularly to see if there have been any updates.
Contact details
If you would like to discuss anything in this privacy policy or if you want to exercise your rights, please get in touch:
By Post:        Kandahar Ski Club Limited, Unity Chambers, 34 High East Street, Dorchester, Dorset, DT1 1HA
By Email:       This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
You are here:
Home
Privacy Policy
Get in touch with Kandahar
Twitter
@kandaharski
Facebook
@kandaharskiclub
Instagram
@kandaharskiclub
We use cookies on our website. Some of them are essential for the operation of the site, while others help us to improve this site and the user experience (tracking cookies). You can decide for yourself whether you want to allow cookies or not. Please note that if you reject them, you may not be able to use all the functionalities of the site.
Ok