https://www.cirencestergolfclub.co.uk/privacy-policy/
This Privacy Policy applies to www.cirencestergolfclub.co.uk owned and operated by Cirencester Golf Club Ltd. It describes how we collect and use the personal information you provide to us on our web site. It also describes your rights and the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information, as well as the steps we take to keep it secure and confidential.
Policy Amendments
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time, so visit this page regularly.
The type of personal information we collect
We may collect, store and use:
Information that you provide to us for the purpose of registering with us (including email address)
Information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our website service, email notifications and/or newsletters (including email address)
Information about your online browsing behaviour and any devices you have used to access our Site (including your IP address, browser type and mobile device identifiers, length of visit and number of page views)
Any other information that you choose to send to us
You may always choose what personal information (if any) you wish to provide us with. If you choose not to provide certain details, however, some of your transactions with us may be impacted.
Why do we collect, use and share your personal information?
The personal information you submit on this website will be used for the purposes specified in this Privacy Policy or in relevant parts of the website. We may use your personal information to:
Administer the website
Improve your browsing experience by personalising the website
Enable your use of the services available on the website
Send you general (non-marketing) communications
Send you email notifications which you have specifically requested
Provide third parties with statistical information about our users – but this information will not be used to identify any individual user or without your explicit permission
Respond to and handle requests, queries and complaints you have made relating to the website
Our Lawful Basis for Processing
To process your information as described above, we rely on the following legal basis:
Consent – Where necessary we will only collect and process your personal information if you have consented for us to do so.
Legitimate interests, such as enabling you to access and use the site, providing you with the best appropriate content for the website, emails and newsletters, to provide Member services including competition entry and results, and for administrative, fraud detection and legal purposes.
Use of Children’s personal information
We will not knowingly collect or store any personal information about children under the age of 16. If you are aged under 16 please get your parent or guardian’s permission before you provide any personal information to us.
Disclosure of your information
The personal information that we collect when you visit our site is confidential. We may disclose your personal information:
If required or permitted to do so by law
If required to do so by any court or any other applicable regulatory, compliance, governmental or law enforcement agency
If necessary in connection with legal proceedings or potential legal proceedings
For fraud detection and prevention: we may use your personal information for the detection and prevention of fraud and other illegal or unwanted activities
With analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our website
Subject to your prior consent, and only if you are a club member, we will provide your name and email address to the Club Professional so that he can contact you with relevant promotional information
We will not without your express consent provide your personal information to any third parties for the purpose of direct marketing.
Retention of Personal Information
We retain information to provide services to you, comply with applicable laws, resolve disputes with any parties and otherwise to allow us to conduct our business, and generally will be held no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which the information was processed.  All personal information we retain will be subject to this Privacy Policy.
Cookies
Cookies are small files saved to your computer’s hard drive that track, save and store information about your interactions and usage of our website. This allows our website to provide its users with a better, tailored experience.
Where applicable, our website uses a cookie control system allowing the user on their first visit to our website to allow or disallow the use of cookies on their computer and/or device. This complies with recent legislation requirements for websites to obtain explicit consent from users before leaving behind or reading files such as cookies on a user’s computer and/or device. If you choose not to accept cookies, please be aware that you may lose some of the functionality of this website.
A cookie will be deployed if you choose to allow your computer to remember your Members Area access details.
Our website uses tracking software to monitor its visitors to better understand how they use it. This software is provided by Google Analytics which uses cookies to track visitor usage. The software will save a cookie to your computer’s hard drive in order to track and monitor your engagement and usage of the website, but will not store, save or collect personal information.
You can read Google’s privacy policy here for further information http://www.google.com/privacy.html
Consent
There is a notice on the home page of our website which describes how we use cookies and which also provides a link to our Privacy Policy. If you use this website after this notification has been displayed to you we will assume that you consent to our use of cookies for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
Third-party cookies
We work with third-party suppliers who may also set cookies on our website, for example Twitter, Facebook and LinkedIn. These third-party suppliers are responsible for the cookies they set on our website. If you would like further information please go to the website for the relevant third party.
Where we store your personal information
The information that we collect from you is stored on our own servers. It is processed by staff who work for us. By submitting your personal information, you agree to this storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
What security procedures are put in place to safeguard your personal data?
In accordance with applicable data protection laws, we observe reasonable procedures to prevent unauthorised access to, and the misuse of, personal data. We use appropriate business systems and procedures to protect and safeguard against the loss, misuse or alteration of the personal data you give us. We also use security procedures and technical and physical restrictions for accessing and using the personal data on our servers. Only authorised personnel are permitted to access personal data in the course of their work.
We do our best to keep the information you disclose to us secure. However, we cannot guarantee its security. By using our website you accept the inherent risks of providing information online and will not hold us responsible for any breach of security.
Your information rights and responsibilities
You have the right to review the personal information we keep about you and you can request a copy of this information.
You may instruct us not to process your personal information for marketing purposes by email at any time. (In practice, you will usually either expressly agree in advance to our use of your personal information for marketing purposes, or we will provide you with an opportunity to opt-out of the use of your personal information for marketing purposes.)
You can also contact us if you believe that the personal information we have for you is incorrect or incomplete, if you believe that we are no longer entitled to use your personal information, if you have any other questions about how your personal information is used or about this Privacy Policy.  You have the right to request that we move, copy or transfer your personal information. Please email or write to us using our contact details stated in the Contact Us section below. We will handle your request in accordance with the applicable data protection law.
In certain circumstances you can request us to delete all information we hold which identifies you. You can make this request at any time by emailing or writing to us using our contact details stated in the Contact Us section below but please note we may be compelled to retain your information due to specific legislative or regulatory requirements.
How to complain
You have the right to complain to us about the way we use your information, please contact us by emailing info@cirencestergolfclub.co.uk . If we cannot resolve your complaint, you have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office. Their contact information can be found at: https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/
Third Party Links
The website contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of third party websites.
Who is responsible for the processing of your personal data?
For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998, up to and including 24 May 2018, and the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 thereafter (the Data Protection Legislation) Cirencester Golf Club Ltd is the Data Controller (i.e. the company who is responsible for, and controls the processing of, your personal data).
Contact Us
If you would like to contact us about the personal information we may hold on you, or indeed have any suggestions or comments about this privacy statement, then please send an email to info@cirencestergolfclub.co.uk or write to The Secretary, Cirencester Golf Club, Cheltenham Road, Bagendon, Cirencester, Gloucestershire, GL7 7BH.
Effective Date – May 2018
Visitor Privacy Policy (Opens and Invitation Competitions)
What Information do we collect when you apply to enter our Opens and Invitation Competitions?
We only collect the information provided by you as an entrant on your entry form, which we require to fulfil our obligations to you as a competitor, and to enable us to administer competitions which are open to visitors. This information may comprise name; age; gender; home club; CDH number; current handicap; email address; telephone number and payments made (but not payment details).
How Your Information is used
This information is either held in printed form (i.e. the entry form) or on the Cirencester Golf Club (‘the Club’) competitions computer system if you have booked online. Your printed form will be held by the Club’s member who is organising the competition you have entered. Your name, home club and handicap will be transposed onto the competition Start Sheet and your email address onto a distribution list on the organiser’s personal computer to facilitate communication with you. Your name, age, gender, home club and CDH number will be entered on the Club’s competition computer systems in order to include you in the competition and to verify your CDH number and handicap.
This information is retained until after the competition has been held. The Start Sheet is then retained indefinitely as a record of who entered each of the Opens. Your email address is retained on a distribution list for up to two years after the competition you entered to enable the organiser to give you early notification of the following year’s events (if you have consented for this to happen). Your name, age, gender, home club and CDH number will remain registered on the Club’s competition computer system in case you return in the future.
How your Information is protected
The Club complies with Data Protection best practice to protect our computer systems, and this extends to those organising our competitions using their home personal computers. Access to your information will be password protected, virus checking software will be deployed, and information regularly backed up.
How Your Information is shared
The Start Sheet, once finalised, will be in the public domain and may be posted on the Club Notice Board and sent to those included in the competition.
Your email address will be held by the competition organiser and will not be shared with any third party.
Your personal information held on the Club’s computer systems will not be shared unless we are required to do so by law.
Your Rights
You have the right to request a copy of the information we hold about you and you can do so by contacting the organiser of the Competition that you have entered. We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date and you can ask us to correct or erase information that you think is inaccurate.
You also have the right to have your information erased within the timescale mentioned above and can do so by contacting the organiser of the Competition that you entered.
Effective Date: September 2018
Members Privacy Policy
Introduction
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is a new, Europe-wide law that replaces the Data Protection Act and comes into effect from 25th May 2018. From that point forward Cirencester Golf Club (the ‘Data Controller’) must be transparent in the way we hold and process your personal information.
This Privacy Policy describes what personal information we collect, how and why we share it, and what the lawful basis is to do so. It also describes your rights and the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information, how you can access and update this information, as well as the steps we take to keep it secure and confidential.
The type of personal information we collect
We may collect, store and use information that you provide/ have provided to us for the purposes of:
Membership registration
Managing club membership, running competitions and managing your handicap
Managing membership subscriptions and payment history
Subscribing to our website service, email notifications and/or newsletters (including email address)
You may always choose what personal information you wish to provide us with. However, some basic information (e.g. your name, address, phone numbers, date of birth, sex and email address etc.) is essential in order for us to provide you with the services you expect as part of your club membership.
Why do we collect, use and share your personal information?
The personal information you submit may be used to:
Enable employees to deal with your Membership and Member’s accounts
Send you general (non-marketing) communications
Send you email notifications which you have specifically requested
Respond to and handle requests, queries and complaints you have made
Enable your use of the services available on the website
Interact with Golf England for CONGU handicapping purposes
Allow the Club Professional to contact you with relevant promotional information – subject to your prior consent
Our Lawful Basis for Processing
To process your information as described above, we rely on the following legal basis:
Legitimate interests, such as providing Member services including competition entry and results, emails and newsletters, to provide you with access to the private Members’ Area (‘My Golf’) on the website, and for administrative, fraud detection and legal purposes.
Use of Children’s personal information
Written consent to hold and process personal information for a child in the Junior Section will be required from the parent/guardian of that child. Personal information may include Child Health Records.
Disclosure of your information
The personal information that we collect is confidential. We will not provide your personal information to any third parties for the purpose of direct marketing.
We may only disclose your personal information:
If required or permitted to do so by law
If required to do so by any court or any other applicable regulatory, compliance, governmental or law enforcement agency
If necessary in connection with legal proceedings or potential legal proceedings
For fraud detection and prevention: we may use your personal information for the detection and prevention of fraud and other illegal or unwanted activities
Retention of Personal Information
We retain information to provide services to you, comply with applicable laws, resolve disputes with any parties and otherwise to allow us to conduct our business, and generally will be held no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which the information was processed.  All personal information we retain will be subject to this Member Privacy Policy.
Members Area on our Website and Cookies
Cookies are small files saved to your computer’s hard drive that track, save and store information about your interactions and usage of our website. This allows our website to provide its users with a better, tailored experience.
Our website uses a cookie control system allowing the user on their first visit to our website to allow or disallow the use of cookies on their computer and/or device. A cookie will be deployed if you choose to allow your computer to remember your Members Area access details. If you choose not to accept cookies, please be aware that you may lose some of the functionality of this website.
Where we store your personal data
The data that we collect from you is stored on our own servers. It is processed by staff who work for us. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Policy.
What security procedures are put in place to safeguard your personal data?
In accordance with applicable data protection laws, we observe reasonable procedures to prevent unauthorised access to, and the misuse of, personal data. We use appropriate business systems and procedures to protect and safeguard against the loss, misuse or alteration of the personal data you give us. We also use security procedures and technical and physical restrictions for accessing and using the personal data on our servers. Only authorised personnel are permitted to access personal data in the course of their work.
Your information rights and responsibilities
You have the right to review the personal information we keep about you and you can request a copy of this information.
We will endeavour to keep your information accurate and up to date. Please help us by notifying us immediately of changes to your personal information. You can also contact us if you believe that the personal information we have for you is incorrect or incomplete, if you believe that we are no longer entitled to use your personal information or if you have any other questions about how your personal information is used.
You also have the right to request that we move, copy or transfer your personal information. Please email or write to us using our contact details stated in the Contact Us section below. We will handle your request in accordance with the applicable data protection law.
In certain circumstances you can request us to delete all information we hold which identifies you. You can make this request at any time by emailing or writing to us using our contact details stated in the Contact Us section below but please note we may be compelled to retain your information due to specific legislative or regulatory requirements.
You are responsible for keeping your user details and password confidential. We will not ask you for your password.
How to complain
You have the right to complain to us about the way we use your information, please contact us by emailing info@cirencestergolfclub.co.uk . If we cannot resolve your complaint, you have the right to complaint to the Information Commissioner’s Office. Their contact information can be found at: https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/.
Privacy Policy Amendments
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will inform you prior to this happening.
Acknowledgement
For new members, you will be required to formally acknowledge that you have read and understood this Privacy Policy. For existing members, you will be reminded about this Privacy Policy annually when you renew your membership.
Contact Us
If you would like to contact us about the personal information we may hold on you, or indeed have any suggestions or comments about this Privacy Policy, then please send an email to info@cirencestergolfclub.co.uk or write to The Secretary, Cirencester Golf Club, Cheltenham Road, Bagendon, Cirencester, Gloucestershire, GL7 7BH.
Effective Date – May 2018
We use cookies to offer you a better browsing experience, analyze site traffic, and personalize content. Read about how we use cookies by clicking "Find out more." If you continue to use this site, you consent to our use of cookies. Find out more.