http://www.andymurray.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Welcome to AndyMurray.com (the “Site”), brought to You by 77 Management Limited. We are committed to preserving the privacy of all visitors to the Site. Please read the following privacy policy to understand how We use and protect the information that You provide to Us. In this Privacy Policy “You“ and “Your“ refer to You, the person visiting and using the Site or registering as a User of the Site and “We“, “Us“ and “Ours“ refer to 77 Management Limited.
1. 77 Management Limited
The Site is owned and operated by 77 Management Limited which is a company incorporated in England and Wales with registered number 6923456. Our Site is a United Kingdom website and so Our Privacy Policy complies with the Data Protection Act 1998 and relevant European data protection legislation.
2. Information That We Collect From You
2.1 If We require You to register as a user of the Site and if You decide to register as a user of the Site You will be asked to provide certain information about Yourself including Your name, date of birth, email address, post code or zip code, country of residence, gender and a username and password (“Your Data“). By completing the form and clicking the “Submit” button in the “New Member Registration” section of this Site (if applicable), You consent to the collection, use and transfer of Your Data in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy. We may also collect information about Your usage of the Site, as well as information about You, from e-mails or letters that You send to Us and if you enter one of Our competitions. We will only use any such information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.
2.2 The information included in Your user profile is stored on our servers for the purposes of making the Site available.
2.3 If the Site from time to time makes available to You any public areas of the Site (such as blogs or forum pages) any materials or information that You post to any public areas of the Site (such as blogs or forum pages) will be visible to other users of the Site and are stored on Our servers for the purposes of making the Site available. We may keep a record of the IP address, the date and time and content of any post so that we can deal with any complaints received from a third party in relation to such post. We do not collect any personal information contained in any such post or store it for any other purpose. We advise You to be selective about what information You may post on the Site or that You may provide to other users. We advise you not to include any of the following types of information in any post or submission to any publicly available area of the Site: telephone numbers, addresses and full name.
2.4 We may receive some information that You submit to any third party website that You access from a link contained in the Site, including without limitation any e-commerce portal provided by an e-commerce operator that may from time to time be made available to You via the Site. Both Us and the owner or operator of that third party Site will be the data controller in respect of any such information and You should check the privacy policy of that site to find out how they will use Your Data. We will only use Your Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We will only use any information about you that we obtain in this way in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
2.5 We may collect generic information about how the Site is used, including without limitation, the location of Our users based on their IP addresses. Individual users will not be identifiable from this information and We may use this information for a number of purposes such as optimising the use of the Site, disclosing to advertisers or third party contributors and/or security purposes.
3. Use Of Your Information
3.1 We will only use Your information for the following purposes:
(a) to administer Your Site account (if any) and enable Us to provide You with access to all parts of the Site and to enable You from time to time and where available to download information and materials from, or upload information and materials to, the Site;
(b) to enable Us from time to time and where available to provide You with the services, newsletters and updates and other communications that You may have subscribed to from the Site;
(c) to display Your user profile including, without limitation, username where necessary to enable other members to contact You via the Site;
(d) to provide customer service in relation to Your use of the Site; and
(e) to administer, support, improve and develop Our Site; and
(f) if You enter a competition on the Site to contact you to let You know if You have won or not and also to deliver Your prize if You have won. Each competition will have its own rules and they will be visible to you when you enter the competition. Please ensure that You read them fully.
3.2 We may from time to time use Your information to send You notifications, information about the Site, newsletters and other content We think may be of interest to You if You have so consented on any registration form for the Site. If at any time You no longer wish to be contacted for this purpose, please let Us know and We will remove You from Our mailing list.
3.3 Subject to clause 4.2 below, all processing of Your Data by Us or on Our behalf is carried out within the European Economic Area. We do not transfer or process Your Data outside the European Economic Area.
3.4 We may appoint third parties to carry out certain data processing on Our behalf. For example we may appoint a third party to host the Site or to administer electronic markings on Our behalf. We will continue to be the data controllers in respect of the data transferred to such third parties and shall remain responsible for the processing undertaken by them.
4. Disclosure Of Your Information
4.1 Other than as expressly set out in this Privacy Policy or as otherwise required or permitted by law, We will not share, sell or distribute any of the information You provide to Us without Your consent.
4.2 You should note that the public elements of Your user profile will be visible by users of the Site throughout the world. You should therefore be careful when submitting information about You and only submit information that You are happy to be public information.
4.3 We may disclose Your personal information to (i) any third party to whom disclosure is necessary to enable Us to provide You with any service to which You have subscribed via the Site (ii) any person to whom disclosure is necessary to enable Us to enforce Our rights under this Privacy Policy or under the Terms of Use, (iii) any purchaser of 77 Management Limited or any purchaser of the Site, (iv) any subsidiary or holding company of 77 Management Limited or any subsidiary of any such holding company for use by them in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
5. Cookies
We use cookies in connection with the Site to ensure that You get the most out of the Site. Cookies are small amounts of information which We store on Your computer and they make it easier for You to log on to (if applicable) and use the Site during future visits. They also allow Us to monitor website traffic, remember Your preferences and password (if applicable) and to personalise the content of the Site for You. If You do not wish Us to install cookies on Your computer for these purposes, You may change the settings on Your internet browser to reject cookies. For more information please consult the “Help” section of Your browser. Please note that if You do set Your browser to reject cookies, it may take you longer to log in to the Site (if applicable) each time You visit and You may not be able to use all of the features of Our Site.
6. Third Party Sites And Contributors
6.1 The Site contains links to websites and microsites that are operated by third parties. We do not control those websites and microsites and as such this Privacy Policy does not apply to those websites and microsites. Please consult the terms and conditions and Privacy Policy of those third party websites and microsites to find out how they collect and use Your personal data and to establish whether and for what purpose they use cookies.
6.2 Any Advertisements contained on Our Site operate as links to that advertiser’s websites and as such any information they collect by virtue of Your clicking on that link will be collected and used in accordance with the Privacy Policy of that advertiser.
7. Security and Data Retention
We employ security measures to protect Your information from access by unauthorised persons and against unlawful processing, accidental loss, destruction and damage. We may store Your information that you provide to Us but will only do so for as long as is reasonably necessary taking into consideration Our need to answer queries or resolve problems, provide improved and new services and comply with legal requirements under applicable law(s). This means that we may retain Your information period for the duration of Your membership of the Site (if applicable) or use of the Site and for a reasonable period thereafter or as long as the law requires or permits.
8. Your Rights
8.1 You are entitled to see the information that we hold about You and You may ask Us to make any necessary changes to ensure that it is accurate and kept up to date. If You wish to do this, please contact Us using the information provided below. We are entitled by law to charge a fee of £10 to meet Our costs in providing You with details of the information We hold about You and We reserve our right to require You to submit reasonable proof of Your identity before we disclose any information to You.
8.2 If You wish to exercise Your rights as described in this Privacy Policy or if You have any other questions regarding this Privacy Policy or how We process Your Data, please contact us in writing at the following addresses:
Data Protection Officer
77 Management Limited, Kings House, 174 Hammersmith Road, London, W6 7JP
Email: info@77group.com
8.3 You may withdraw Your consent for Us to process Your data at any time by notifying Us in writing, but if You withdraw Your consent to certain types of processing described above We may be unable to maintain Your membership of the Site.
9. Changes To Our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to make changes to the Privacy Policy from time to time. Any such changes to Our Privacy Policy will be posted to the Site and, where appropriate, through e-mail notification.