http://www.glasgowaccies.cc/privacy
skip to content
Quick links:
Find Us |
1XI -
2XI -
4XI -
MW
Member log-in
Glasgow Accies Cricket Club
Links
Contact Us
Fundraising
Photo Galleries
Players
Teams
Club Information
News
Home
Player sponsor of Stuart Murray
Home> Privacy
PrivacyWe ask that you read this privacy notice carefully as it contains important information on who we are, how and why we collect, store, use and share personal information, your rights in relation to your personal information and on how to contact us and supervisory authorities in the event you have a complaint.
Who we are
Glasgow Academical Sports Club collects, uses and is responsible for certain personal information about you. When we do so we are regulated under the General Data Protection Regulation which applies across the European Union (including in the United Kingdom) and we are responsible as ‘controller’ of that personal information for the purposes of those laws.
Information collected by us
In the course of our activities we collect the following personal information when you provide it to us:
contact details e.g. name address, e mail address and phone number
date of birth
payment details – bank account number, sort code, card details
participation details
safety and emergency details
How we use your personal information
We use your personal information to allow us to manage our relationship with you. In particular we use it to provide you with member services; to keep you advised about membership events; organise club activities; manage risk and safety and where appropriate register your membership with any appropriate representative body.
Who we share your personal information with
We will share the personal data you provide us with both the Glasgow Academical Club and the Glasgow Academy. This data sharing enables them to support us in carrying out the administrative duties of the Club and to provide you with information about events and activities. We may also share your data with an appropriate representative body.
We will share personal information with law enforcement or other authorities if required by applicable law.
We will not share your personal information with any other third party.
Whether information has to be provided by you, and if so why
The provision of the personal information is required from you to enable us to manage our relationship with you and provide you with the benefits of membership.
How long your personal information will be kept
We will hold your data for a period of up to 24 months following the termination of your membership in case you wish to re-join.
Reasons we can collect and use your personal information
We rely on both your consent and the necessity of complying with the contract of membership thatyou enter into with us as the lawful basis on which we collect and use your personal data.
Your rights
As a data subject you have the right at any time to request access to, rectification or erasure of your personal data; to restrict or object to certain kinds of processing of your personal data, including direct marketing; to the portability of your personal data and to complain to the UK's data protection supervisory authority, the Information Commissioner's Office about the processing of your personal data.
As a data subject you are not obliged to share your personal data with the Club. If you choose not to share your personal data we will not be able to register or administer your membership and you will not be able to participate in the activities of the Club.
For further information on each of those rights, including the circumstances in which they apply, see the Guidance from the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) on individuals rights under the General Data Protection Regulation.
Keeping your personal information secure
We have appropriate security measures in place to prevent personal information from being accidentally lost, or used or accessed in an unauthorised way. We limit access to your personal information to those who have a genuine need to know it. Those processing your information will do so only in an authorised manner and are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
How to complain
We hope that we can resolve any query or concern you raise about our use of your information.
The General Data Protection Regulation also gives you right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the European Union (or European Economic Area) state where you work, normally live or where any alleged infringement of data protection laws occurred. The supervisory authority in the UK is the Information Commissioner who may be contacted at https://ico.org.uk/concerns/ (external link) or telephone: [0303 123 1113].
Changes to this privacy notice
We may change this privacy notice from time to time, and will inform you in any changes in how we handle your personal data.
^ top of page
This page last updated: 13th May 2019
© 2001-2020 Gillidanda & Glasgow Accies Cricket Club
Glasgow Accies CC are one section of The Glasgow Academical (Sports) Club
GASC registered as a Community Amateur Sports Club, CH815.
Site Map |
Recent Updates |
About this Site |
Privacy