https://www.footballeconomy.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Menu
About Football Economy
Football Links
Is a Political Economy of Football Possible?
Some Favourite Football Chants
List of AFC (Asian Football Confederation) Club Websites
CAF (Confederation of African Football) Club Websites
CONCACAF Website Links | Confederation of North, Central American & Caribbean Association Football
Germany World Cup 2006 Stadiums
Contact Us
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
"If you want some accessible but informative insight into football then I suggest you couldn't do better than the Political Economy of Football website, which is not only intelligible but comes with the added bonus of being written by Addicks fan Wyn Grant."
Ben Hayes - Charlton Athletic programme
Menu
About Football Economy
Football Links
Is a Political Economy of Football Possible?
Some Favourite Football Chants
List of AFC (Asian Football Confederation) Club Websites
CAF (Confederation of African Football) Club Websites
CONCACAF Website Links | Confederation of North, Central American & Caribbean Association Football
Germany World Cup 2006 Stadiums
Contact Us
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Menu
Home
Articles
Statistics
Football Clubs
Links
Privacy Policy
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and would like to know your options in relation to·not having this information used by these companies, click here.
Privacy Policy
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and would like to know your options in relation to·not having this information used by these companies, click here.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting, but only if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to us.
Security –
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies –
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Search for:
Articles Television and Broadcasting (224)
Stadiums (445)
Marketing (295)
Shirt Sponsorship (87)
Naming Rights (16)
Legal (196)
Football Governance (331)
Football Finance (2,863)
Taxation (33)
Takeovers (533)
Financial Results (252)
Financial Fair Play (FFP) (79)
Administration (272)
Attendances (141)
Statistics Attendances (35)
Media and Broadcasting (4)
Miscellaneous (7)
Kit Suppliers (3)
Sports Participation (2)
Financial (18)
Prize Money (4)
Transfer Spending (4)
Turnover (3)
Shirt Sponsors (3)
Players Earnings (3)
Football Leagues European Leagues (511)
Italy Serie A (68)
German Bundesliga (63)
French Ligue 1 (60)
Dutch Eredivisie (13)
Spanish Leagues (164)
Spanish Liga (148)
Segunda A (4)
Segunda B (2)
Belgian Juliper League (10)
Russian Premier League (8)
Greek Super League (7)
Portuguese Liga (6)
Swiss Super League (3)
Turkish Super Lig (3)
Pan-European Cups (108)
Champions League (96)
Europa League (26)
Danish Ligaen (2)
Swedish Allsvenskan (2)
Poland Ekstraklasa (2)
Finnish Veikkausliga (1)
Norwegian Tippeligaen (1)
Czech Gambrinus Liga (1)
Ukrainian Premier League (1)
Romania Liga I (1)
UK Leagues (3,875)
English Leagues (3,498)
The Premiership (1,611)
The Championship (604)
League 1 (368)
League 2 (218)
Non-league (422)
Vanarama Conference Premiership (187)
Vanarama Conference South (66)
Vanarama Conference North (37)
Southern Premier League (32)
Southern League Division 1 South & West (9)
Ryman Premier League (8)
Southern League Division 1 Central (5)
Evo-Stik (15)
Evo-Stik Premier League (12)
Evo-Stik North League (1)
FA Cup (43)
Scottish Leagues (317)
Scottish Premier League (148)
Scottish Championship (58)
Scottish League Two (14)
Highland League (4)
Scottish League One (3)
Irish Leagues (10)
Irish Premier (2)
League of Ireland Premier (2)
Welsh Leagues (6)
Welsh Premier League (6)
Asian Leagues (43)
Chinese Super League (9)
Internationals (133)
World Cup (103)
World Cup 2018 (18)
North American Leagues (29)
South American Leagues (26)
Jamaican Premier League (1)
Australian Leagues (23)
African Leagues (8)
South African Premier (1)
Women's Football (4)