http://www.boarsheadinn.com/privacy-and-site-security
Covid-19 Limitations VIEW CLOSURES Close
Book a room
Arrival Arrival
Departure Departure
Rooms: 123456
Adults: 123456
Children: 01234
Promo Code
Click to Call
Resort
Recreation
Instant Rewards
Offers
Home Page
Guest Rooms
Rooms
Room Amenities
Pet-Friendly Hotel Rooms
The Sports Club
Pools & Aquatics
Fitness & Gym
Tennis
pickleball
Squash
Child Care
Member Login
Membership Information
Birdwood Golf
Par-3 Course
Pro Shop & Driving Range
Golf Academy
Swing Studio
UVA's Home Course
Membership Information
On-Site Dining
The Mill Room
Racquets Restaurant
Birdwood Grill
In-Room Dining
Carryout Menus
Meetings / Events
Meeting Rooms
Main Inn (Virtual Tour)
Staff & Services
Boar's Head Outfitters
Request for Proposal
Weddings
BH Outfitters
Memberships
Gift Cards
The Spa (Closed)
Spa Memberships
Massage Treatments
Body Treatments
Skin Care & Facials
Cosmetics
Nail Treatments
Spa Product Lines
Spa Packages & Specials
Spa Reservations
Spa FAQs
Outdoor Spaces
Hours of Operation
Online Policy
Contact Us
Privacy & Security
Site Map
Donations
Reservations
Email Sign Up
Accessibility
Experience C'Ville
Careers
Boar's Head Resort Privacy Policy And Site Security POLICIES & TERMS Effective September 10, 2009 PRIVACY POLICY If you are in the European Economic Area (EEA), please see the GDPR Privacy Statement that will go into effect on May 25, 2018. The Boar's Head is committed to safeguarding your privacy while visiting boarsheadresort.com. Our goal is to provide you with an Internet experience that delivers the information, resources and services that are most relevant to you about our company. To achieve this goal, part of the operation of the Site includes the gathering of certain types of information about Site users. Because we understand that your privacy is important, we wish to explain the types of information we gather and the way in which we use it. This Privacy Policy applies to the Site. This Privacy Policy covers two types of information gathered at the Site, personal and aggregated. The term "personal information" refers to data you voluntarily provide in connection with use of the Site that identifies you and/or the company on whose behalf you are accessing and using the Site. Personal information includes, e.g., data submitted in connection with our services, such as your name, e-mail address, phone number, company affiliation, physical address and/or certain other personal information. The term "aggregated data" refers to general information regarding visitors and users of the Site that relates to use of the Site, e.g., traffic patterns, number of visits to certain pages, visits from other web sites or to third-party web sites linked to the Site, use of particular services and interest in services, information or features of the Site or other parties made available through or found at the Site. What information is collected about you? How do we use it? We take the utmost care to ensure that the personal information we obtain from you is not used in a way that you may be unaware of or not agreeable to. You may wish to submit an information request about one of our services or products, participate in one of our promotions or subscribe to our e-mail or postal mail lists. In response, we may ask for information such as your name and postal address. In the event you opt to provide us with this information, we will only use it for the purpose specified by you at the bottom of the information gathering form. All forms will provide an opt-out button to allow you to choose not to participate in The Boar's Head lists and future online marketing. In deciding whether or not to join such lists, please note that they are only used for The Boar's Head purposes or in joint promotions with a Boar's Head partner. We do not sell, rent or share any of your personal information with any other party including any third-party joint promoters, nor use it for unapproved commercial purposes. You may request to be removed from our lists at any time. All emails distributed to our lists will contain easy, online access to unsubscribe. Use of Aggregated Data The Boar's Head is interested in improving the Site and may develop and offer new features and services. We monitor aggregated data regarding use of the Site for marketing purposes and to study, improve and promote use of the Site. In connection with such purposes, The Boar's Head may share aggregated data with third parties collectively and in an anonymous way. Disclosure of aggregated data does not reveal personal information about individual Site users in any way that identifies who they are or how to contact them. Exceptions to the Privacy Policy The Boar's Head has two exceptions to these limits on use of personal information: (1) The Boar's Head may monitor and, when we believe in good faith that disclosure is required, disclose information to protect the security, property, assets and/or rights of The Boar's Head from unauthorized use, or misuse, of the Site or anything found at the Site. (2) The Boar's Head may disclose information when required by law; however, only to the extent necessary and in a manner that seeks to maintain the privacy of the individual. Use of Cookies To enable features at the Site, The Boar's Head may assign one or more "cookies" to your Internet browser. Cookies, among other things, speed navigation through our Site, keep track of information so that you do not have to re-enter it each time you visit our Site, and may provide you with customized content. A cookie is an Internet mechanism composed of a small text file containing a unique identification number that permits a web server to send small pieces of information or text by means of your browser and place them on your computer's hard drive for storage. This text lets the web server know if you have previously visited the web page. Cookies by themselves cannot be used to find out the identity of any user. We use cookies to collect and maintain aggregated data (such as the number of visitors) to help us see which areas are most popular with our users and improve and update the content on our site. While in the process of browsing our site, you also provide us with information that doesn't reveal your personal identity -- what type of destination you're exploring, for example. We use this aggregated data only as explained in this Privacy Policy. We do not connect aggregated data to any name, address, or other identifying information. Links Provided To Other Sites The Boar's Head may provide links to a number of other web sites that we believe might offer you useful examples of our work and services. However, those sites may not follow the same privacy policies as The Boar's Head. Therefore, we are not responsible for the privacy policies or the actions of any third parties, including without limitation, any web site owners whose sites may be reached through this Site, nor can we control the activities of those web sites. We urge you to contact the relevant parties controlling these sites or accessing their on-line policies for the relevant information about their data collection practices before submitting any personal information or other sensitive data. Your Consent To This Privacy Policy Use of the Site signifies your consent, as well as the consent of the company for whom you use the Site and whose information you submit (if any), to this on-line Privacy Policy, including the collection and use of information by The Boar's Head, as described in this statement, and also signifies agreement to the terms of use for the Site. Continued access and use of the Site without acceptance of the terms of this Privacy Policy relieves The Boar's Head from responsibility to the user. Policy Modifications & Contacting The Boar's Head reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time; notice of changes will be published on this page. Changes will always be prospective, not retroactive. If you have questions about our policies, please contact: The Boar's Head 200 Ednam Drive, Charlottesville, Virginia 22903 – Phone 434-296-2181