http://www.budegolf.co.uk/privacy-policy-and-gdpr-statement/
View Navigation
The Club
Social Events
The Course
Pro Shop
The Clubhouse Bar & Restaurant
Greenkeeper’s News
History
Management Committee
Club Constitution
members
Social Events
Ladies’ & Gent’s Competition Diary
Ladies & Mixed Golf
Senior’s Section
Georgia Price
Membership Tariffs
Junior Academy
The Clubhouse Bar & Restaurant
visitors
Green Fee Tariffs
Social Events
Open Competitions
Start-times & Results
Society Offers
contact
Privacy Policy and GDPR Statement
Privacy Policy and GDPR Statement
We have created this privacy policy to demonstrate our commitment to the privacy of all users of this website. Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy, and how we treat personally identifiable information collected from our visitors and users.
What this Privacy Policy Covers
This privacy policy covers our treatment of personally identifiable information collected through this website.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
You can visit this website without revealing any personal information. However, we need certain personal information if you wish to purchase our products, register for an account, receive newsletters, or use certain other services.
Where required, this information may include your personal contact information and/or your company contact information. We will use this information to reply to your enquiries, to provide you with requested products and services, to set up your member’s account, and to contact you regarding new products and services.
By accessing the services on this website and voluntarily providing us with the requested personal information, you consent to the collection and use of the information in accordance with this privacy policy.
Collection and Use of Non-Personal Information
Our website automatically receives and records non-personal information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address, cookie information and the page you requested.
We may use this information to customise the advertising and content you see and to fulfill your requests for certain products and services. However, we do not connect this non-personal data to any personal information collected from you.
We may also allow third party companies that are presenting advertisements on some of our pages to set and access their cookies on your computer. Again, these cookies are not connected to any personal information. Third party cookie usage is subject to their own privacy policies, and we assume no responsibility or liability for this usage.
What personal information does Bude and North Cornwall Golf Club collect about you?
Bude Golf Club collects the following personal information from golfers:
Name and contact details, such as address, email and phone number.
Payment details, such as credit card and purchase history.
Details of golfers’ visits to Golf Club’s website and other information provided,
Does Bude and North Cornwall Golf Club share your personal information with third parties?
Bude Golf Club will not share Golfers’ personal information without consent, except:
Where it is necessary to share with a service provider, such as England Golf, Cornwall Golf, Club V1 and BRS GOLF in order to provide Golfers with services they have requested, such as booking tee times, customer support or marketing.
To share it with trusted business partners for the purposes of conducting data
analytics or market research on an aggregated or anonymised basis.
Where Bude and North Cornwall Golf Club has a legal obligation to disclose the information (such as responding to a court order), to protect Golf Club’s legal rights or to prevent fraud or illegal activity.
Consent
If you do not consent to the collection, use or disclosure of your personal information as outlined in this policy, please do not provide any personal information on this website. If you have provided personal information on this website and no longer consent to its use or disclosure as outlined herein, please contact us.
Security
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be considered 100% secure. However, your information is protected for your privacy and security. In certain areas of our websites, as identified on the site, we use industry-standard SSL-encryption to protect data transmissions.
We also safeguard your personal information from unauthorised access, through access control procedures, network firewalls and physical security measures.
Further, we retain your personal information only as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes identified above or as required by law.
Cookies
To make this site work properly, we sometimes place small data files called cookies on your device.
What are cookies and how do we use them?
A cookie is a small text file that a website saves on your computer or mobile device when you visit the site. It enables the website to remember your actions and preferences over a period of time, so you don’t have to keep re-entering them whenever you come back to the site or browse from one page to another.
Also, some videos embedded in our pages use a cookie to anonymously gather statistics on how you got there and what videos you visited.
You can delete or block these cookies, but if you do that some features of this site may not work as intended.
These cookies are not used for any purpose other than those described here.
We may at any time, without notice to you and in our sole discretion, amend this policy from time to time. Please review this policy periodically. Your continued use of this website after any such amendments signifies your acceptance thereof.
Should you require any further information concerning this policy please contact the designated Data Controller Tony Blatchford via email info@budegolf.co.uk
see our Privacy Policy and GDPR Statement
designed and built by Dean Wronowski
content writtten and design suggestions by the golf team