https://www.denverbroncos.com/privacypolicy
Skip to main content
Advertising
Privacy Policy
Effective: 05/18/2020
The Denver Broncos Football Club ("we," "our," "us") respects your privacy and values your trust and confidence. This privacy policy (the "Privacy Policy") applies to our websites (denverbroncos.com, promos.denverbroncos.com, empowerfieldatmilehigh.com, and broncospartnership.com), mobile application Broncos 365 and online services that link to or post this Privacy Policy (collectively, the "Services"), and explains how we collect, use, and disclose information through the Services. By using the Services, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to any information that is collected or obtained through sites or services that do not link to this Privacy Policy (including the Online Pro Shop at shop.denverbroncos.com,Ticketmaster.com) or information collected by the NFL or the other NFL member clubs (the "Member Clubs").
Information Collection
Use of Information
Sharing of Information
Social Networking Services
Mobile Application
Links to Other Web Sites
Security
Children's Privacy
Changes to This Privacy Policy
Access, Choice and Retention
Your California Privacy Rights
International Users
Contact Us
1. Information Collection
You generally are not required to provide information about yourself when you visit the Services. However, we may ask you for some or all the following types of information when you register with our Services, sign up for contests or sweepstakes, use a send-to-a-friend feature, participate in surveys, access various content or features, submit comments or content, or directly contact us with questions or feedback:
Contact information, such as name, e-mail address, postal address, and telephone number;
Unique identifiers, such as a user name or password;
Device information, such as operating system type and version, device ID, Android serial number;
Demographic information, such as gender and age;
Financial information, such as credit card or other payment information;
Geolocation information;
Communications preferences;
Search queries;
Comments and other information posted in our interactive online forums;
Correspondence and other information that you send to us; and
Additional information as otherwise described to you at the point of collection or pursuant to your consent.
When you provide us with personal information about your contacts (e.g. shipping  address) we will only use such information about third parties for the specific reason for which it is provided.
We also may collect certain information automatically when you visit the Services, including:
Your Internet Protocol (IP) address, which is the number automatically assigned to your computer whenever you access the Internet and that can sometimes be used to derive your general geographic area;
Other unique identifiers, including mobile device identification numbers (Mac Addresses, Universally unique identifier or UUID);
Your browser type and operating system;
Sites you visited before and after visiting the Services;
Pages you view and links you click on within the Services;
Information about your interactions with e-mail messages, such as the links clicked on and whether the messages were received, opened, or forwarded; and
Standard Server Log Information.
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies
We and our partners, affiliates, and analytics or service providers use technologies such as cookies, beacons, tags and scripts, local storage and similar technologies to automatically collect this information. These technologies are used for analyzing trends, administrating the site, tracking users' movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.
Cookies are small bits of code that are stored by your computer's web browser and that may automatically identify your browser to the Services whenever your computer is used to visit the Services. Web beacons are very small images or small pieces of data embedded in images that can recognize cookies, the time and date a page is viewed, a description of the page where the web beacon is placed, and similar information from your computer or device.
By using the Services, you consent to our use of cookies and similar technologies. You can decide if and how your computer will accept a cookie by configuring your preferences or options in your browser. However, if you choose to reject cookies and similar technologies, you may not be able to use certain online products, services or features on the Services.
As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information may include IP addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data. We may combine this automatically collected log information with other information we collect about you. We do this to improve services we offer you and to improve marketing, analytics, and site functionality.
Information We Collect from Other Sources
We may receive information about you from other sources, including publicly available databases or third parties from whom we have purchased data, and combine this data with information we already have about you. This helps us to update, expand and analyze our records, identify new customers, and provide products and services that may be of interest to you.
Examples of the types of personal information that may be obtained from public sources or purchased from third parties and combined with information we already have about you, may include:
Address information about you from third party sources, such as the U.S. Postal Service, to verify your address so we can properly ship your order to you and to prevent fraud.
Purchased marketing data about our customers from third parties that is combined with information we already have about you, to create more tailored advertising and products.
2.   Use of Information
We may use information that we collect through the Services for a variety of purposes, including to:
Provide you with the products, promotions, services, newsletters, and information you request and respond to correspondence that we receive from you;
Contact you via email and otherwise about your account, products, services, contests, and events that we think might be of interest to you;
Send you promotional material or special offers on our behalf or on behalf of our marketing partners and/or their respective affiliates and subsidiaries and other third parties.
Maintain or administer the Services, perform business analyses, or for other internal purposes to improve the quality of our business, the Services, and other products and services we offer;
Publish stories, comments, photos, and other information posted in our interactive online features;
Send you push notifications from time-to-time in order to update you about any news, events or promotions that we may be running;
Customize and personalize your use of the Services; and
As otherwise described to you at the point of collection or pursuant to your consent.
If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about season tickets, we will ask for your friend's name and email address in order to send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site. If you believe that one of your contacts has provided us with your personal information and you would like to request that it be removed from our database, please contact us at Privacy.Policy@broncos.nfl.net.
3.   Sharing of Information
We are committed to maintaining your trust, and we want you to understand when and with whom we may share the information we collect. We will share your personal information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this Privacy Policy.
Service Providers: We may share your information with service providers that perform certain functions or services on our behalf (such as to host the Services, fulfill orders, provide products and services, manage databases, perform analyses, process credit card payments, provide customer service, or send communications for us).
Subsidiaries and Affiliates: We may share your information with all members of the NFL Family, including, without limitation, NFL Properties LLC, NFL International LLC, NFL Enterprises LLC, NFL Ventures, L.P., and NFL Ventures, Inc.
Select Business Partners: With your permission, we may share your information with select business partners so that they can provide you with special offers, promotional materials, and other materials that may be of interest to you. For example, you may be presented with an opportunity to have certain information shared with our third-party business partners when you enter a contest or sweepstakes or elect to receive marketing offers or other information. If you do not elect to have your information shared, it will not be shared with such third parties. We take measures to help ensure that our partners protect the confidentiality, integrity, and security of any information we share with them. However, we are not responsible for the privacy practices of our business partners, which may use your information for their own purposes.
Advertising Choices and Control: We use third-parties to serve advertisements on the Services. These third parties may set their own cookies or similar web technologies to collect information about users' online activities over time and across different websites. To manage your preferences, you may opt out at http://preferences-mgr.truste.com/. Please note you will continue to receive generic ads.
Business Transfer: If we sell all or part of our business, or make a sale or transfer of assets, or are otherwise involved in a merger or business transfer, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy, a business reorganization, or similar event, we may transfer your information as part of such transaction.
Administrative or Legal Process: We may disclose your information to third parties in order to protect the legal rights, safety, and security of our organization, our corporate affiliates, subsidiaries, business partners, and the users of our Services; enforce our Terms of Use; respond to and resolve claims or complaints; prevent fraud or for risk management purposes; and comply with or respond to law enforcement or legal process or a request for cooperation by a government or other entity, whether or not legally required.
Public-Facing Message Board, Blogs & Forums: We may share information with third parties when you post information to a user profile or a public area of the Services, such as a chat room, forum, blog, or other community tool. If you post to these interactive features, it will be publicly available and you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties. We cannot ensure that parties who have access to such information will respect your privacy. Please exercise caution when using these features.
Contests or Sweepstakes: We periodically operate contests and sweepstakes through or promoted on the Services and Social Media Channels that will require registration or the submission of personal information. Your personally identifiable information may be used to contact you for winner notification, prize delivery confirmation or other related purposes (see the rules of each contest or sweepstakes for details about how your personal information will be used, including postings to the Services). In some instances, a third-party advertiser or sponsor may operate or host a contest or sweepstakes on the Services and collect your information. In those cases, where we are not the operator or host of the contest or sweepstakes, we have no control over the information collected and accordingly urge you to review the advertiser's or sponsor's privacy policy applicable to the contest or sweepstakes before participating.
Other Parties with Your Express or Implied Consent: We may share information with third parties when you consent to such sharing. For example, if you win a contest or sweepstakes, we may ask your permission to publicly post certain information on the Services identifying you as the winner.
Aggregate Information: We may share aggregate information, such as demographic and usage statistics, with advertisers, sponsors or other organizations.
4.   Social Networking Services
We have worked with certain third-party social media providers to offer you their social networking services through our Services. For example, you can use third-party social networking services, including but not limited to Facebook, Google, and others to share information about your experience on our Services with your friends and followers on those social networking services. These social networking services may be able to collect information about you, including your activity on our Services. These third-party social networking services also may notify your friends, both on our Services and on the social networking services themselves, that you are a user of our Services or about your use of our Services, in accordance with applicable law and their own privacy policies.
If you choose to access or make use of third-party social networking services, we may receive information about you that you have made available to those social networking services, including information about your contacts on those social networking services.
In some instances, such as within our mobile application and certain parts of our site, if you leave a comment within the community forum on our site, you must login to your Facebook account to do so. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
You also may be able to link an account from a social networking service (e.g., Facebook, Google, Yahoo!) to an account through our Services. This may allow you to use your credentials from the other site or service to sign in to certain features on our Services. If you link your account from a third-party site or service, we may collect information from those third-party accounts, and any information that we collect will be governed by this Privacy Policy.
Single Sign-On: These services will authenticate your identity, provide you the option to share certain personal information (such as your name and email address) with us, and to pre-populate our sign-up form. Services like Facebook Connect give you the option to post information about your activities on the Services to your profile page to share with others within your network.
5.   Mobile Application
When you download and use our mobile app, we automatically collect information on the type of device you use and operating system version. Certain features within the app, such as playing a game, may require you to log into your Facebook or other social network service account to use them. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
We may send you push notifications from time to time in order to update you about any events or promotions that we may be running. If you no longer wish to receive these types of communications, you may turn them off at the device level.
We collect your location-based information for the purpose of providing location-based services to you. We will only share this information with our mapping provider for the sole purpose of providing you this service. We may share your geolocation data with third parties for the purpose of them serving you ads for places (such as restaurants) in your area. If you do not wish to allow us to share your information in this manner, please opt-out by editing the setting at the device level or by contacting us at BroncosApp@Broncos.nfl.net.
We may work in conjunction with third party partners who may use technologies such as geofencing, geotargeting and beacons to identify fans attending a game, contact fans via an in-app feature or notification, or provide location services for wayfinding. Any personal information collected is to assist in providing improved preferences, notifications, or location-based services. To opt-out of geofencing, you may disable the app's location permissions on your device.
We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our mobile applications on your phone. This software may record information such as how often you use the application, the events that occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance data, and where the application was downloaded from. We do not link the information we store within the analytics software to any personally identifiable information you submit within the mobile application.
6.   Links to Other Web Sites
The Services may contain links to other websites or online services that are operated and maintained by third parties, such as the Online Pro Shop operated by the Fanatics (shop.denverbroncos.com), and certain media partners and sponsors that are not under the control of or maintained by us. Such links do not constitute an endorsement by us of those other websites, the content displayed therein, or the persons or entities associated therewith. This Privacy Policy does not apply to this third-party content. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of these third-party websites or services.
7.   Security
We have adopted security procedures to help protect against loss, misuse, and unauthorized access to the information you provide to us. For example, if we collect financial information, we will use encryption software to help protect this information when it is in transit. Please note, however, that no data transmission or storage can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your information and privacy, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you disclose or transmit to the Services and cannot be responsible for the theft, destruction, or inadvertent disclosure of your information.
8.   Children's Privacy
The Services consist of general audience websites. However, we do collect information about children under 13 from parents so they may sign their child up for our Broncos Bunch Kids Club or Junior Denver Broncos Cheerleaders program ("Kids Programs"). The information we collect is your child's name, date of birth and the address provided by a parent or guardian of the Kids Programs. We use this information to allow you to sign your child up for the Kids Programs and for you to receive our merchandise as a part of the Kids Programs, for your child. If you no longer wish to allow your child to be part of the Kids Programs or wish to delete all information collected about your child, please contact us at broncos.website@broncos.nfl.net.
We will not share your child's personal information with any third party for any reason. If you feel we have collected personal information from your child directly, please contact us at broncos.website@broncos.nfl.net to request immediate deletion of that information.
9.   Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time. Your continued use of the Services after any modification to the Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of the new terms. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on the Services prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
10.    Access, Choice and Retention
Upon request we will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information. If your information changes, or if you no longer desire to use the Services, you may access, correct, or request deletion of your personal information by signing into your account and making the required changes, by emailing our Customer Support at Privacy.Policy@Broncos.nfl.net, or by contacting us by postal mail at the contact information listed below. We will try to respond to your request within 30 days.
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
You may choose to receive promotional emails, newsletters, and similar communications from us. You may opt out of receiving commercial emails from us by clicking on the opt-out or "unsubscribe" link included in the commercial e-mails you receive. Please note that opt-out requests may take up to ten days to be effective. Your opt-out request will not apply to messages that you request or that are not commercial in nature. For example, we may contact you concerning any purchases you have made with us, even if you opt out of receiving unsolicited commercial email messages.
Your California Privacy Rights
This section provides additional information to California residents whose personal information is processed by the Denver Broncos pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA"). If you are not a California resident, this section does not apply to you.
1. Categories of Personal Information Collected and Disclosed
During the preceding 12 months, the Broncos may have collected the following categories of personal information that are processed pursuant to the CCPA: (1) identifiers, such as your contact information and online account information, where applicable; (2) Internet and electronic network activity information, such as information about your interactions with the Broncos' websites, mobile applications, and social media pages; (3) audio, electronic, or visual information; (4) inferences about you, including about your preferences; (5) financial information, such as credit card information, and other information as described above that may be considered personal information under Cal. Civ. Code Section 1798.80; (6) protected classifications under California or federal law; (7) commercial information including records or products or services purchased; and (8) geolocation data.
We do not, and will not without your consent, "sell" personal information for purposes of the CCPA. As set forth in the Policy, we disclose personal information to third parties for business purposes, including without limitation, for purposes of advertising, marketing, and other services performed on our behalf, to protect against fraud and malicious activity, and for other business purposes described in the Policy. During the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed each of the above-listed categories of personal information for such business purposes. In addition, your information may be accessible to third parties with whom you interact or direct us to share your information through our services.
2. CCPA Rights
The CCPA allows California residents to request that a business that collects consumers' personal information give consumers access, upon a verifiable consumer request, in a portable and (if technically feasible) readily usable form, to the specific pieces and categories of personal information that the business has collected about the consumer, the categories of sources for that information, the business or commercial purposes for collecting the information, and the categories of third parties with which the information was shared. California residents also have the right to submit a request for deletion of personal information under certain circumstances, although there may be legal or other reasons that the Broncos must retain your information consistent with California law. We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights and choices, although some of the functionality and features available to you may change or no longer be available to you. Any differences in the services are related to the value provided.
Please submit your request by emailing Privay.Policy@Broncos.nfl.net, fill out this Fan Data Request form, or write us at CA Privacy Rights, c/o Denver Broncos Database, 1701 Bryant Street, Suite 900, Denver, CO 80204. Once we receive your request, we may verify it by requesting information sufficient to confirm your identity. If you would like to use an authorized agent registered with the California Secretary of State to exercise your rights, we may request evidence that you have provided such agent with power of attorney or that the agent otherwise has valid written authority to submit requests to exercise rights on your behalf. We reserve the right to deny requests in certain circumstances, such as where we have a reasonable belief that the request is fraudulent.
12.   International Users
Please note that the Services are directed towards users who reside in the United States. By using the Services, you consent to the collection, storage, processing, and transfer of your information in and to the United States, or other countries and territories, pursuant to the laws of the United States. While some of these countries may not offer the same level of privacy protection as your own, we commit to uphold the privacy protections as explained in this Policy.
Third-Party Ad Serving and Audience and Traffic Measurement Services
We may use third-parties to serve advertisements on the Services. These third parties may set their own cookies or similar web technologies to collect information about users' online activities over time and across different websites. To manage your preferences you may opt out here http://preferences-mgr.truste.com/. The Services may feature Nielsen proprietary measurement software, which will allow users to contribute to market research, such as Nielsen TV Ratings. Nielsen believes that you should have a choice about whether to contribute to our research and insights. To opt out of Nielsen measurement, you need only to activate the "Limit Ad Tracking" (for iOS devices) or "Opt out of Ads Personalization" (for Android devices) option in your devices settings. For web, please visit: http://www.nielsen.com/digitalprivacy to learn more about the Nielsen digital measurement products and your choices in regard to them.
13.   Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the privacy practices of the Services, please contact us by email at Privacy.Policy@broncos.nfl.net or by regular mail at
Denver Broncos Football Club
1701 Bryant Street, Suite 900
Denver, CO 80204
Attn: Website Privacy Policy
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.
Advertising
Big left arrow icon
Big right arrow icon
Close icon
Copy Url
Three dots icon
Down arrow icon
Email icon
Email icon
Exit Fullscreen icon
External link icon
Facebook logo
Football icon
Facebook logo
Instagram logo
Snapchat logo
YouTube logo
TikTok logo
Spotify logo
LinkedIn logo
Grid icon
Key icon
Left arrow icon
Link icon
Location icon
Mail icon
Menu icon
Open icon
Phone icon
Play icon
Radio icon
Rewind icon
Right arrow icon
Search icon
Select icon
Selected icon
TV icon
Twitter logo
Twitter logo
Up arrow icon
User icon
Audio icon
Tickets iconAdd to calendar iconNFC icon
AFC icon
NFL icon
Carousel IconList ViewWebsite
InstagramTwitterFacebookSnapchatShop IconProfile Overlay
AvatarAddAirplayArrow LeftArrow RightArrow UpArrow DownAudioBack 5sBack 10sBack 30sCalendarChartCheckDownLeftRightUpChromecast OffChromecast OnCloseClosed CaptionsBench OffBench OnBroad OffBroad OnVertical OffVertical OnCommentDockDoneDownloadDraftFantasyFilterForward 5sForward 10sForward 30sFull Screen OffFull Screen OnGamepassGamesInsightsKeyLeaveLiveCombineDraftFantasyMenu GamesMenu NetworkMenu NewsMenu PlayoffsMenu Pro BowlMenu ShopMenu StandingsMenu StatsMenu Super BowlMenu TeamsMenu TicketsMenuMore HorizontalMore VerticalMy LocationNetworkNewsPauseplayMultiple PlayersSingle PlayerPlaylistPlayoffsPro BowlPurgeRefreshRemoveReplaySearchSettingsShare AndroidShare Copy URLShare EmailShare FacebookShare InstagramShare iOSShare SnapchatShare TwitterSkip NextSkip PreviousStandingsStarStatsSwapTeamsTicketsVideoVisibility OffVisibility OnVolume HiVolume LowVolume MediumVolume MuteWarningWebsite
Caret downCaret upAt
The browser you are using is no longer supported on this site. It is highly recommended that you use the latest versions of a supported browser in order to receive an optimal viewing experience. The following browsers are supported: Chrome, Edge (v80 and later), Firefox and Safari.
Got it!