https://www.footyblog.net/privacy-policy/
Home » Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Share
tweet
Here is the Official Privacy Policy of Footy Blog. If you’re unsure of any terms here or of the policy in itself then please contact us and we’ll try our best to get back to you.
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Footy Blog collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the https://www.footyblog.net website (“Website”). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Footy Blog.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, subscribe to the newsletter, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
Footy Blog may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
– To improve customer service
Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
– To personalize user experience
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
– To improve our Site
We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
– To run a promotion, contest, survey or other Site feature
To send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
– To send periodic emails
We may use the email address to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures. Our Site is also in compliance with PCI vulnerability standards in order to create as secure of an environment as possible for Users.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
Advertising
Ads appearing on our site may be delivered to Users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile non personal identification information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This privacy policy does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Google Adsense
Some of the ads may be served by Google. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to Users based on their visit to our Site and other sites on the Internet. DART uses “non personally identifiable information” and does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, etc. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Changes to this privacy policy
Footy Blog has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us directly.
This document was last updated on April 17, 2017.
2013-02-01
+Matt
Share
tweet
Like Us on Facebook!
Like Us on Facebook!
Latest Footyblog Tweets!
... 12:50:24 AM November 29, 2019 from Twitter Web App ReplyRetweetFavoriteSpot on! 100 United Penalties https://t.co/yma8RW6pdD https://t.co/45HLZdtOt6 02:40:13 PM March 05, 2019 from WordPress.com ReplyRetweetFavoriteRaising the VAR – Football’s own Brexit https://t.co/jecd9qz7yR https://t.co/2rt2xgkeKM 01:49:54 PM January 27, 2019 from WordPress.com ReplyRetweetFavoriteThe 500 Club https://t.co/Zt6t6QIqDJ https://t.co/amBOcicufL 01:46:26 PM November 19, 2018 from WordPress.com ReplyRetweetFavorite@footyblogSearch FootyBlog
Follow us on Google!
Recent Posts
Spot on! 100 United Penalties
Raising the VAR – Football’s own Brexit
The 500 Club
The Brilliance of Beckham –
On and Off the Pitch
VAR No Show – Good or Bad?
New Start for Shaw?
The Ronaldo Effect
Ladies in Red
Winter Break –
Out in the cold or warmed to?
World Cup 2018 The Ultimate Guide For Armchair Fans:
The Review
Categories
Articles (31)
Away Days (4)
B*llocks (10)
Beer Money (4)
Book Reviews (1)
FaceSwaps (3)
Fan Activism (4)
Footballers Wives (52)
Internships (4)
Lookalikes (25)
News (941)
Tactics (1)
Uncategorized (1)
Video (201)
Travelling Fans
For fans that love travelling to watch their team play!
Cheap hotels near Wembley Stadium
Cheap hotels near Camp Nou
Social
View our Sitemap | Read our Privacy Policy.
Copyright FootyBlog.net 2020 | Football News Blog