http://www.thecgf.com/terms
Skip to main content
Legal Submenu
Terms of UseTerms of UsePrivacy PolicyAnti-DopingAccessibilityCredits
Terms of Use
This website ("Website") is owned and operated by the Commonwealth Games Federation ('CGF').All information on this Website is provided subject to your acceptance of these terms. By accessing and using this Website in any way, including, without limitation, browsing the website, using any information, using any content, using any services, downloading any materials, you agree to and are bound by these terms. If you do not accept these terms in full, please cease using this website immediately. COPYRIGHTUnless otherwise indicated, all of the content featured or displayed on this Website, including, but not limited to, text, graphics, data, photographic images, moving images, sound, illustrations, software, and the selection and arrangement thereof, is owned by the CGF, its licensors, or its third-party image partners and all rights are reserved. All elements of the Website are protected by copyright, trade dress, moral rights, trademark and other laws relating to the protection of intellectual property. USE OF THE WEBSITEYou are specifically prohibited from: (a) downloading, copying, or re-transmitting any or all of the Website or its content without, or in violation of, a written license or agreement with the CGF; (b) using any data mining, robots or similar data gathering or extraction methods; (c) manipulating or otherwise displaying the Website by using framing or similar navigational technology; (d) registering, subscribing, unsubscribing, or attempting to register, subscribe, or unsubscribe any party for any CGF product or service if you are not expressly authorised by such party to do so; and (e) using the Website or its content other than for its intended purpose. Such unauthorised use may also violate applicable laws including without limitation copyright and trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and applicable communications regulations and statutes.You represent and warrant that you will comply with all applicable laws and regulations, including, without limitation, those relating to the Internet, data, e-mail, privacy, and the transmission of technical data exported from the United Kingdom or the country in which you reside. TRADEMARKSThe CGF logo, and any other product or service name or slogan contained in the website are trademarks of the CGF, and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of the CGF. The look and feel of the Website, including all page headers, custom graphics, button icons and scripts, is the service mark, trademark and/or trade dress of the CGF and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without our prior written permission. All other trademarks, registered trademarks, product names and company names or logos mentioned in the Website are the property of their respective owners. Reference to any products, services, processes or other information, by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, supplier or otherwise does not constitute or imply endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation thereof by the CGF. LINKSYou may not use a CGF logo or other proprietary graphic of the CGF to link to this website without the express written permission of the CGF. Furthermore, you may not frame any CGF trademark, logo or other proprietary information, including any content from the Website, without the CGF's express written consent.The CGF makes no claim or representation regarding, and accepts no responsibility for, directly or indirectly, the quality, content, nature or reliability of third-party websites accessible by hyperlink from the Website, or websites linking to the Website. Such sites are not under the control of the CGF and the CGF is not responsible for the contents of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site, or any review, changes or updates to such sites. These links are provided to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply affiliation, endorsement or adoption by the CGF of any site or any information contained therein. When you leave the Website, you should be aware that our terms and policies no longer govern. You should review the applicable terms and policies, including privacy and data gathering practices, of any site to which you navigate from the Website.Your participation, correspondence or business dealings with any third party found on or through the Website, regarding the payment and delivery of related goods or services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and such third party. You agree that the CGF shall not be responsible or liable for any loss, damage or other matters of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings. REGISTRATION DATA AND ACCOUNT SECURITY In consideration of your use of the Website, you agree to: (a) provide accurate, current and complete information about you as may be prompted by any registration forms on the Website ("Registration Data"); (b) maintain and promptly update the Registration Data, and any other information you provide to the CGF, to keep it accurate, current and complete; (c) maintain the security of your password and identification; (d) notify CGF immediately of any unauthorised use of your account or other breach of security; (e) accept all responsibility for any and all activities that occur under your account; and (f) accept all risks of unauthoried access to the Registration Data and any other information you provide to the CGF.The CGF will collect and process your Registration Data in accordance with its Privacy Policy and applicable laws. In particular, any personal data submitted by the visitor to this Website will not be used for any direct marketing or unsolicited follow-up unless the CGF has previously informed the visitor of this possible use and the visitor has given the CGF his express permission. INDEMNIFICATIONYou agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless the CGF, its subsidiaries, affiliates, licensors, employees, agents, third party information providers and independent contractors against any claims, damages, costs, liabilities and expenses (including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys' fees) arising out of or related to your conduct, your use or inability to use the Website, your breach or alleged breach of the Website Terms or of any representation or warranty contained herein, your unauthorised use of the content on this Website, or your violation of any rights of another. DISCLAIMERThis website and content are provided "as is" and the CGF and its directors, employees, content providers, agents and affiliates exclude, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any warranty, express or implied, including, without limitation, any implied warranties of merchantability, satisfactory quality or fitness for a particular purpose. The CGF will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of this site or its content, or the unavailability of the same, including, but not limited to lost profits, and direct, indirect, incidental, punitive and consequential damages. The functions embodied on or in the materials of this Website are not warranted to be uninterrupted or without error. You, not the CGF, assume the entire cost of all necessary servicing, repair or correction due to your use of this Website or its content. We make no warranty that the Website or its content is free from infection by viruses or anything else that has contaminating or destructive properties.The CGF uses reasonable efforts to ensure the accuracy, correctness and reliability of the Website and its content, but we make no representations or warranties as to the accuracy, correctness or reliability. The CGF disclaims any responsibility for the completeness or accuracy of any directory or search result. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY In no event shall the CGF, its directors, members, employees or agents be liable for any direct, special, indirect or consequential damages, or any other damages of any kind, including but not limited to loss of use, loss of profits or loss of data, whether in an action in contract, tort (including but not limited to negligence) or otherwise, arising out of or in any way connected with the use of the Website, or the content or materials contained in or accessed through the Website, including without limitation any damages caused by or resulting from reliance by user on any information obtained from the CGF, or that result from mistakes, omissions interruptions, deletion of files or Email, errors, defects, viruses, delays in operation or transmission or any failure of performance, whether or not resulting from acts of god, communications failure, theft, destruction or unauthorised access to the CGF's records, programs or services. In no event shall the aggregate liability of the CGF, whether in contract, warranty, tort (including negligence, whether active, passive or imputed), product liability, strict liability or other theory, arising out of or relating to the use of the Website exceed any compensation you pay, if any, to the CGF for access to or use of the Website. JURISDICTIONThese Terms shall be governed by English Law and are subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts. TERMINATIONNotwithstanding any of these Website Terms, the CGF reserves the right, without notice and in its sole discretion, to block your use of the Website. SEVERABILITYAny waiver of any provision of the Website Terms will be effective only if in writing and signed by the CGF. If any clause in these Website Terms is found to be unenforceable, wherever possible this will not affect any other clause and each will remain in full force and effect. Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved. CHANGES TO WEBSITE TERMS The CGF reserves the right to change any of the terms and conditions contained in the Website Terms or any policy or guideline of the Website, at any time and in its sole discretion. Any changes will be effective immediately upon posting on the Website. Your continued use of the Website following the posting of changes will constitute your acceptance of such changes. We encourage you to review the Website Terms whenever you visit one of our websites.
×
×
Share