https://www.gbgb.org.uk/terms-conditions/
Terms & Conditions
By using this website and its related pages and materials, you confirm your agreement to and acceptance of the following terms and conditions. If you do not agree to abide by these terms, please do not use this website.
Copyright
The content of this website, including, without limitation, the text, images, photographs, video, audio, music and animations contained herein and their selection and arrangement, as well as any documents and software available on this site, are copyright 2009 The Greyhound Board of Great Britain (“GBGB”). All rights reserved.
Use of Content
All information published on this website (“the content”) is provided for your personal, non-commercial use only. You may make a single copy of information published on this website for your personal, non-commercial use, as a backup. Other than this, you may not copy, modify, re-distribute, transmit, rent, lease or re-license any content contained on this site — and are granted no further rights or copyright.
Performance
In no event shall GBGB nor its affiliates warrant that the information or materials contained within our site, or that access to our site, will be without interruption or free of errors.
Changes
The Greyhound Board of Great Britain may make changes at any time to any information contained within this website, including these Terms and Conditions, without prior notice.
Links to Other Sites
Any hyperlinks to third-party websites available herein are not under the control of GBGB, and GBGB takes no responsibility for nor makes any representation concerning the contents of or information contained in any linked site, its changes or updates, or the links from those sites to other sites. The fact that a link is provided is not an endorsement or authorization of a site or its owners, products or services – nor is it an implied affiliation or sponsorship.
Submissions
Unless otherwise notified in writing, GBGB will treat any communications, remarks, questions, requests, or suggestions as non-confidential — and GBGB will be entitled to use any such information or submissions for any commercial or other purpose whatsoever, without compensation to you or anyone making such a submission.
Disclaimer
The information published and all materials available on The Greyhound Board of Great Britain’s website are provided free of charge, as a courtesy to visitors, and as a general guide for informational purposes only. While GBGB makes every effort to ensure the information is accurate and up-to-date, there may at times be typographical or outdated information, or technical or factual inaccuracies, for which we apologise.
The information on this website is provided “as is” without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including, without limitation, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title or non-infringement. No advice or information given by GBGB, its affiliates or their respective employees shall create any warranty. The entire risk arising out of use of this information remains with you.
In no event shall The Greyhound Board of Great Britain or their distributors or providers be liable for any damages whatsoever (including, without limitation, damages for loss of business profits, business interruption, loss of business information, or any other pecuniary loss) arising out of the use of or inability to use any of the information contained within this site, even if GBGB has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
By using this website you’re confirming that you’re happy to accept our use of cookies. Here you can find out more about how we use them.Read More AcceptPrivacy & Cookies Policy
necessary
Always Enabled
non-necessary