http://www.soccerladuma.co.za/home/terms_and_conditions
Home
Local
International
Match Centre
0 Live matches
Fan Park
SL Gaming
Predictor 2020/21
Supporters Club
Buy SL Online
SL Radio
Scorpion Defender
Get Published
Express Yourself
Competitions
SLTV
Editor's Blog
Gallery
Local
Local News
Siyagobhoza
SA Players Abroad
Soweto Derby
Kaizer Chiefs
Orlando Pirates
Mamelodi Sundowns
International
International News
Messi, Ronaldo & Neymar Watch
Bundesliga
Premier League
UEFA Champions League
African Football
Writers’ Opinion
Match Centre
Live Scores
Fixtures
Results
Tables
TV Guide
Tournaments & Leagues
Fan Park
The Best of The Rest
Stars & Their Cars
Show Me The Money
Ballers Cribs & Travels
Throwback Thursday
Drip, Style & Swag
Footballers & Chill
Predictor 2020/21
PSL Predictor 2020/21
EPL Predictor 2020/21
LaLiga Predictor 2020/21
Champions League 2020/21
Supporters Club
Woza Sikhulume
Get Published
Express Yourself
Competitions
Tournaments & Leagues
DSTV Premiership
MTN8
South African National First Division
English Barclays Premier League
UEFA Champions League
Spanish La Liga
AFCON Qualifiers
More Leagues
Terms & Conditions
Click here to view the Soccer-Laduma Forum Rules
Terms and Conditions for Soccer Laduma Competitions
MyStory Giveaway Competition Terms and Conditions
Soccer Laduma and HyveMobile SMS Subscription servive terms and conditions
By accessing this Website, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions appearing in this document and you accept our Privacy Policy which is available here.
In these terms and conditions "We/us/our/Soccer Laduma" means Soccer Laduma, "Website" means the website located at www.soccer laduma.co.za (or any subsequent URL which may replace it) and all associated websites and micro sites of Soccer Laduma and "You/your" means you as a user of the Website.
You shall not use the Website for any illegal purposes, and you will use it in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. You agree not to use the Website in a way that may cause the Website to be interrupted, damaged, rendered less efficient or such that the effectiveness or functionality of the Website is in any way impaired;
You agree not to attempt any unauthorised access to any part or component of the Website; and You agree that in the event that you have any right, claim or action against any Users arising out of that User's use of the Website, then you will pursue such right, claim or action independently of and without recourse to us.
YOU AGREE TO BE FULLY RESPONSIBLE FOR (AND FULLY INDEMNIFY US AGAINST) ALL CLAIMS, LIABILITY, DAMAGES, LOSSES, COSTS AND EXPENSES, INCLUDING LEGAL FEES, SUFFERED BY US AND ARISING OUT OF ANY BREACH OF THE CONDITIONS BY YOU OR ANY OTHER LIABILITIES ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE, OR THE USE BY ANY OTHER PERSON ACCESSING THE WEBSITE USING YOUR PC OR INTERNET ACCESS ACCOUNT.
We reserve the right to modify or withdraw, temporarily or permanently, the Website (or any part of) with or without notice to you and you confirm that we shall not be liable to you or any third party for any modification to or withdrawal of the Website.
We may alter these terms and conditions from time to time, and your use of the Website (or any part of) following such change shall be deemed to be your acceptance of such change. It is your responsibility to check regularly to determine whether the Conditions have been changed. If you do not agree to any change to the Conditions then you must immediately stop using the Website.
The Website is subject to constant change. You will not be eligible for any compensation because you cannot use any part of the Website or because of a failure, suspension or withdrawal of all or part of the Website.
We are not responsible for the availability of any external sites or resources, and do not endorse and are not responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for the privacy practices or the content (including misrepresentative or defamatory content) of any third party websites, including (without limitation) any advertising, products or other materials or services on or available from such websites or resources, nor for any damage, loss or offence caused or alleged to be caused by, or in connection with, the use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on such external sites or resources.
We have the right, but not the obligation, to monitor any activity and content associated with the Website. We may investigate any reported violation of these Conditions or complaints and take any action that we deem appropriate (which may include, but is not limited to, issuing warnings, suspending, terminating or attaching conditions to your access and/or removing any materials from the Website).
You acknowledge and agree that all copyright, trademarks and all other intellectual property rights in all material or content supplied as part of the Website shall remain at all times vested in us or our licensors. You are permitted to use this material only as expressly authorised by us.
You acknowledge and agree that the material and content contained within the Website is made available for your personal non-commercial use only and that you may download such material and content onto only one computer hard drive for such purpose. Any other use of the material and content of the Website is strictly prohibited. You agree not to (and agree not to assist or facilitate any third party to) copy, reproduce, transmit, publish, display, distribute, commercially exploit or create derivative works of such material and content.
The Website is Copyright, The Soccer Laduma Software Company Limited. All rights reserved.
WE MAKE NO WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED IN RELATION TO THE ACCURACY OF ANY INFORMATION WE PLACE ON THE WEBSITE. THE WEBSITE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS WITHOUT ANY REPRESENTATION OR ENDORSEMENT. UNLESS SPECIFIED IN SEPARATE TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATED TO A PARTICULAR PRODUCT OR SERVICE, WE MAKE NO WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, IN RELATION TO THE WEBSITE, OR PRODUCTS OR SERVICES OFFERED ON THE WEBSITE WHETHER BY US OR ON OUR BEHALF (INCLUDING FREE SOFTWARE DOWNLOADS) INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF SATISFACTORY QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, COMPATIBILITY, SECURITY, ACCURACY, CONDITION OR COMPLETENESS, OR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY ARISING FROM COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OR TRADE.
UNLESS SPECIFIED IN SEPARATE TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATED TO A PARTICULAR PRODUCT OR SERVICE, WE MAKE NO WARRANTY THAT THE WEBSITE OR PRODUCTS OR SERVICES OFFERED ON THE WEBSITE WHETHER BY US OR ON OUR BEHALF (INCLUDING FREE SOFTWARE DOWNLOADS) WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE OR ERROR-FREE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THE WEBSITE OR THE SERVER THAT MAKES IT AVAILABLE OR PRODUCTS OR SERVICES OFFERED ON THE WEBSITE WHETHER BY US OR ON OUR BEHALF (INCLUDING FREE SOFTWARE DOWNLOADS) ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR BUGS OR ARE FULLY FUNCTIONAL, ACCURATE, OR RELIABLE. WE WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY LOSS OF CONTENT OR MATERIAL AS A RESULT OF UPLOADING TO OR DOWNLOADING FROM THE WEBSITE.
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT WE CANNOT GUARANTEE AND THEREFORE SHALL NOT BE IN ANY WAY RESPONSIBLE FOR THE SECURITY OR PRIVACY OF THE WEBSITE AND ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED TO OR TAKEN FROM THE WEBSITE BY YOU.
WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE, IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, NEGLIGENCE), PRE-CONTRACT OR OTHER REPRESENTATIONS (OTHER THAN FRAUDULENT MISREPRESENTATIONS) OR OTHERWISE OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE WEBSITE OR PRODUCTS OR SERVICES OFFERED ON THE WEBSITE WHETHER BY US OR ON OUR BEHALF (INCLUDING FREE SOFTWARE DOWNLOADS) FOR ANY ECONOMIC LOSSES (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION LOSS OF REVENUES, PROFITS, CONTRACTS, BUSINESS OR ANTICIPATED SAVINGS) OR ANY LOSS OF GOODWILL OR REPUTATION, OR ANY LOSS OR CORRUPTION OF DATA, OR ANY SPECIAL OR INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL LOSSES; IN ANY CASE WHETHER OR NOT SUCH LOSSES WERE WITHIN THE CONTEMPLATION OF EITHER OF US AT THE DATE ON WHICH THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO THE LOSS OCCURRED.
We will not be liable in contract, tort or otherwise if you incur loss or damage connecting to the Website through a third party's hypertext link.
Nothing in the Conditions shall exclude or limit our liability for death or personal injury resulting from our negligence or that of our servants, agents or employees.
If any part of the Conditions shall be deemed unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed to be severable from these Conditions and shall not effect the validity and enforceability of any of the remaining provisions of the Conditions.
Nothing shall be construed as a waiver by us of any preceding or succeeding breach of any provision.
These Conditions and documents referred to herein (as amended from time to time) contain the entire agreement between you and us relating to the subject matter covered and supersede any previous agreements, arrangements, undertakings or proposals, written or oral, between you and us in relation to such matters. No oral explanation or oral information given by either of us shall alter the interpretation of these Conditions. You confirm that, in agreeing to accept these Conditions, you have not relied on any representation save insofar as the same has expressly been made a representation in these Conditions and you agree that you shall have no remedy in respect of any misrepresentation which has not become a term of these Conditions save that your agreement contained in this Clause shall not apply in respect of any fraudulent misrepresentation whether or not such has become a term of these Conditions.
You agree to the terms of our privacy policy which is available here.
RULES FOR THE USE OF Soccer Laduma' FORUMS (Express Yourself)
As a user of Soccer Laduma forum, chat room or message board ("Online Services") you confirm that you have read, understand and agree to these Rules, Soccer Laduma' Terms and Conditions Of Use of its website and you agree to the terms of Soccer Laduma' Privacy Policy. If you do not agree, do not use Soccer Laduma' Online Services, or if you are already using Soccer Laduma' Online Services, please stop immediately.
Soccer Laduma' Online Services are not actively monitored and Soccer Laduma is not responsible for the content of any messages that are posted. Soccer Laduma has the right, but not the obligation, to monitor any activity and content associated with the Online Services. Soccer Laduma does not vouch for or warrant the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any message. The messages express the views of the author of the message, not the views of Soccer Laduma. Soccer Laduma reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to edit, delete, or refuse to post any message or thread for any reason whatsoever.
Any user who feels that a posted message is objectionable should contact Soccer Laduma by sending an email to supporters@soccerladuma.co.za
You agree that you will not upload, post, email or otherwise transmit any material that may infringe any person or entity's intellectual property rights (including patents, trademarks, trade secrets, copyright or other intellectual or other property right).
You agree not to upload, post, email or otherwise transmit any material which (a) is defamatory, libellous, disruptive, threatening, invasive of a person's privacy, harmful, abusive, harassing, obscene, hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable; or that otherwise violates any law, (b) contains software viruses or any other computer codes, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy, or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment, (c) may infringe any person or entity's intellectual property rights (including patents, trademarks, trade secrets, copyright or other intellectual or other property right). By posting any material, you confirm, represent and warrant that you have the lawful right to distribute and reproduce such material.
By posting any material, you confirm, represent and warrant that you have the lawful right to distribute and reproduce such material.
You will not impersonate any person or entity or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity.
You agree not to repeatedly post the same or similar message ("flooding") or post excessively large or inappropriate images.
Without Soccer Laduma' written permission you will not distribute or publish unsolicited promotions, advertising or solicitations for funds, goods or services, including but not limited to, junk mail, spam and chain letters.
Postings to Online Services become public information. You should be very careful about posting personally identifiable information such as your name, address, telephone number or email address. If you post personal information online, you may receive unsolicited messages from other users in return.
Soccer Laduma reserves the right to issue warnings, suspend or terminate the registration of users who refuse to comply with these rules. Soccer Laduma may modify these rules from time to time and such modifications will be effective and binding on you when posted online.
You will remain solely liable for the content of any messages or other information you upload or transmit.
By using Soccer Laduma' Online Services, you grant Soccer Laduma the royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive and fully sub licensable right and license to use, reproduce, modify, edit, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform and display the content you post to publicly accessible areas of the Soccer Laduma.com site.
Soccer Laduma may investigate any reported violation of its policies or complaints and take any action that it deems appropriate. Such action may include, but is not limited to, issuing warnings, removing posted content and/or reporting any activity that is suspects violates any law or regulation to appropriate law enforcement officials, regulators, or other third parties.
Recognising the global reach of the internet, you agree to comply with all local rules regarding online conduct and acceptable content.
WE TAKE PRECAUTIONS WITH CUSTOMER INFORMATION AND PERSONAL DATA, HOWEVER, EXCEPT IN THE CASE OF DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY RESULTING FROM OUR NEGLIGENCE, WE DO NOT ACCEPT RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE RESULTING FROM ANY SECURITY BREACHES THAT MAY OCCUR.
COMPETITIONS AND PROMOTIONS TERMS AND CONDITIONS
These are the standard terms and conditions for competitions conducted or promoted by or in association with MEDIA24 (Pty) Ltd (Soccer-Laduma).
·       You will be automatically disqualified and you will forfeit the prize/s (in the event that you have already won a prize);
·       You will pay us for any loss or damage incurred by us directly or indirectly as a result of your (or, if applicable, your partner's) noncompliance, including all of our legal costs (including attorney and own client costs) which we may incur in taking any steps pursuant to your  non-compliance; and
By entering this competition you agree to be contacted by MEDIA24 (Pty) Ltd for promotional, marketing and/ or research purposes.
Your entry into the competition and/or your acceptance of a prize (in the event that you win a prize) constitutes your binding acceptance of the terms and conditions on behalf of yourself.
Competitions are for temporary and permanent residence and South African Citizens only.
The competition is not open to directors, members, partners, agents, employees or consultants of MEDIA24 (Pty) Ltd or members of the Sponsored Group of companies.
This competition will start on the date stated in the call to action and end on the date stated in the call to action both days inclusive.
The Competitions will be hosted on the Soccer Laduma website and mentioned platforms.
In the event that a competition is geo-targeted e.g. a match being played at a specific stadium, entrants/ winners will be notified of the ticket/ prize collection details and collection, transport or any other cost occurred will be excluded, therefore be to their own cost or otherwise stipulated if transport and accommodation are included.
The Call to Action will always have the total amount of winner/s in it and if it's an occasion where the winner/s can take a friend/s (these are people who haven't entered but winner/s want them to join in his/her prize) would be made clear as well. Always ensure that the Call to Action and T & C's are read carefully to avoid any disappointment in the number of people chosen.
In the event of an international competition, the winner/s would have to have valid passports valid for 6 months subsequent to the date of the trip. This would apply to the partner/ companion the winner/s chooses to take with them.
The international competition prizes would be subject to a successful visa application. This would apply to the partner/ companion the winner/s chooses to take with them.
The Sponsor and/or Soccer Laduma of any competition reserves the right at any time to cancel, modify or replace the promotion (including altering the prizes) if it determines, in its sole discretion, that the promotion is not capable of being conducted as specified.
The Sponsor and/or Soccer Laduma further reserve the right to substitute the prize with any other prize of equal value in the event that circumstances beyond its control make this unavoidable.
Any personal taxes and expenses incurred in connection with the prizes are the responsibility of the winners unless otherwise stipulated.
Any incidentals incurred are for the winners’ account.
If you use a mobile phone for entry into the competition, the telephone calls/ text messages/ data will be charged at the prevailing rates, which may vary from time to time. "Free" minutes under a cell-phone contract do not apply.
Any competition related to alcohol carries an age restriction for entry of 18 years or older.
Any competition not to related to alcohol may also carry an age restriction and this will be stipulated in the Call to Action.
It is your responsibility to ensure that your entry is received by us prior to the closure of the competition. Any entries which are not received by us prior to the closure of the competition will not be eligible to participate, regardless of the reason for the late entry. We and our affiliates are not responsible for any entries which are not received by us, whether timeously or at all, regardless of the cause thereof. Without limitation, we and our affiliates are not responsible for any problems or technical malfunction of any telephone network or lines, computer online systems, servers, or providers, computer hardware or software failure or malfunction, traffic congestion (whether physical, or on the Internet, telephone lines or at any service provider, website or other device or medium), or any combination thereof, or any other technical or other problems.
We and our affiliates are not responsible for any injury or damage to your or any other person’s computer, mobile telephone or other device used by you to enter into or obtain any materials related to the competition.
It is your responsibility to ensure that any information which you provide to us is accurate, complete and up to date.
Any costs or expenses which you may incur other than in respect of those items specifically included in a prize are for your own account. MEDIA24 (Pty) Ltd will not be responsible for any costs or expenses which you incur during and for purposes of your entry into the competition and your acceptance and/or use of a prize.
MEDIA24 (Pty) Ltd and our affiliates will not be responsible for any harm, damage, loss or claim relating to the provision of any element of a prize or any changes to a prize that may be made at any time.
The publishing dates for these prizes will be discussed and mutually agreed upon between the winner and the publication. The prizes are not transferable.
You may not win a prize if it is unlawful for us to supply such a prize to you. If you do win such a prize, you will forfeit it.
You must possess whatever documents and permissions that may be required in order to accept and use a prize. It is your responsibility to obtain at your own cost, and which documents and permissions must remain valid in such minimum form and for such minimum period after the prize date as may be required by the relevant authorities.
The winners will be notified by means of the contact details provided. If we are, or a third party supplier is unable to contact the winner/s within 3 attempted calls/messages after the draw takes place, the winner/s will then forfeit the prize and an alternative winner/s will be drawn. In the event that the alternative winner/s does not respond within 3 attempted calls/messages after the draw, a further alternative winner/s would be selected and the process will continue until a valid winner is drawn. If the valid winner is unable to collect the prize within 60 days, the winner will forfeit the prize and MEDIA24 (Pty) Ltd  reserves the right to re-draw a new winner under the same conditions or return the prize to the sponsor. If the prize is distributed by MEDIA24  or a third party and the prize is returned, a second attempt to deliver the prize will be done and if the prize is returned for the second time, the winner will forfeit the prize and an alternative winner will be selected or the prize will be returned to the sponsor.
In the event that you win a prize you agree to the publication of your name and to appear in person in the electronic media and the print media, and you agree, within reason, to endorse, promote or advertise our goods or services, for which no fee will be payable.
We may require you to provide us with such additional information as we may reasonably require in order to process and facilitate your acceptance and/or use of a prize.
In the event that you win a prize provided by a third party supplier, the supplier will contact you to arrange the collection thereof. In this regard, you must collect the prize at the time and date arranged with the supplier of the prize. All correspondence regarding the prize must be directed at the supplier of the prize. MEDIA24 (Pty) Ltd  will not be responsible for any further correspondence, harm, damage, loss or claim relating to the provision of any element of the prize.
We and our third party suppliers, as the case may be, reserve the right to vary, postpone, suspend, or cancel the competition and any prizes, or any aspect thereof, without notice at any time, for any reason which we deem necessary. In the event of such variation, postponement, suspension or cancellation, you agree to waive any rights, interests and expectations that you may have in terms of this competition and acknowledge that you will have no recourse against us, our affiliates and third-party suppliers.
You agree that your participation in the competition, and your acceptance and/or use of a prize, or any aspect thereof, is at your own risk.
We and our affiliates will not be responsible, and disclaim all liability, for any loss, liability, injury, expense or damage (whether direct, indirect, incidental, punitive or consequential) of any nature, whether arising from negligence or any other cause, which is suffered by your participation in the competition or the acceptance and/or use by you, or your partner (if applicable), of any prize, or by any action taken by us or any of our affiliates in accordance with the terms and conditions.
You, and in the event of your death, your family, dependants, heirs, assignees or any other beneficiaries of your estate, indemnify and hold us and our affiliates harmless against any claim by you, or your partner (if applicable), (whether direct, indirect, incidental, punitive or consequential) of any nature, whether arising from negligence or any other cause, relating to any injury, loss, liability, expense and/or damage which you may suffer, howsoever arising, in relation to your entry into this competition and/or acceptance and/or use by you of a prize.
If you fail to comply with any of the terms and conditions, then without prejudice to any other remedy which we may have;
For purposes hereof, "affiliate" means our partners, co-promoters and sponsors of this competition, our subsidiaries, our and their subsidiaries and respective holding companies, the subsidiaries of their holding companies, and our and their directors, officers, employees, agents and representatives.
These terms and conditions will be construed, interpreted and enforced in accordance with the laws of contract and dispute resolution in the Republic of South Africa
MEDIA24 (Pty) Ltd and the judges' decision on any matter concerning the competition and/or arising out of these terms and conditions are final and binding on you, and no correspondence will be entered into.
MYSTORY GIVEAWAY COMPETITION TERMS AND CONDITION
1. The cash prizes are not transferable and will only be paid by electronic funds transfer into Capitec Bank Savings Accounts in the names of the winner.
2. No cash prizes will be paid into a non-Capitec Bank Savings Account and cannot be drawn in cash or any other form.
3. The winner must possess whatever documents and permissions that may be required in order to accept and use a prize, which documents and permissions it is your responsibility to obtain at your own cost, and which documents and permissions must remain valid in such minimum form.
Soccer Laduma and HyveMobile SMS Subscriptions
[Club] is a mobile subscription service brought to you by Soccer Laduma and HYVEMobile(The “service providers”). As a subscriber to this service you will receive a minimum of three (3) SMS updates per week containing the content described in the advertisement(s). As a subscriber to this service you agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions of use:
1. [Club] is a subscription service charged at R1.00 per day including VAT.
2. Standard SMS, MMS and data charges apply.
3. This offer is made available to all South African customers with a mobile phone connected to one of the following mobile network operators: Vodacom, MTN, Cell C and Telkom Mobile.
4. The service providers may amend, modify or otherwise change these terms and conditions of use at their sole and absolute discretion. The amended version will be displayed in the same media as these terms and conditions. All customers bound by these terms and conditions will be notified of any changes to these terms and conditions. Each time you access this service you agree to be bound to these terms and conditions of use.
5. By using this service you agree to make you mobile phone number available to Soccer Laduma and HYVEMobile
6. A subscriber may cancel his or her subscription at any time by sending an SMS containing the word STOP to 43161 at standard SMS rates.
7. No refunds whatsoever will be made on termination of a subscription.
8. This subscription service is governed by the Code of Conduct set out by the Wireless Application Service Providers Association of South Africa (WASPA). For more information about WASPA please visit http://waspa.org.za
9. The service providers reserve the right to suspend the service when any fraudulent activity is suspected and if the outcome of an investigation proves that fraudulent activity has occurred, the service providers shall be entitled to terminate the service.
10. The service providers and any of their agents, directors, affiliates, members or employees shall not be responsible in any way for claims, loss or damages (either direct, indirect, consequential or otherwise), arising from a subscriber’s use of the service.
11. The service providers have the right to withdraw or shorten the duration of the availability of the service in their sole and absolute discretion and will notify customers of any intention to do so. Customers will not have a claim against the service providers in this event.
12. The words and opinions expressed in the content do not in any way reflect the views and opinions of the service providers.
13. The service providers and/or their affiliated companies may contact you regarding promotions, special offers or other services available from time to time.