https://www.nhl.com/stars/team/privacy-policy
Skip to Main Content
The Official Site of the Dallas Stars
Tickets
Tickets
Victory Club Membership
Victory Club Half Membership
2020-21 Ticket Plan Wait List
Group Tickets
Luxury Suites
Premium Seating
Purchase Parking
Military & First Responder Discounts
Mobile Ticketing Directions
My Dallas Stars Account
Last Minute Tickets
NHL Ticket Exchange
News
News
Team Headlines
Stars Archive
Official Releases
Transactions
Photo Galleries
Injury Updates
Prospect Coverage
Spotlight
2020 NHL Draft
Game Day Central
Official Stars Podcast
Quick Hits
Hey Heika Mailbag
Site Reporters
Mike Heika
Jeff Odom
Video
Stars TV
Video Homepage
All-Access
Stars Rewind
Game Highlights
Postgame Interviews
Practice Reports
NHL.tv
Spotlight
The Franchise
Open Ice
YouTube.com/DallasStars
Schedule
Schedule
2019-20 Results
Add Schedule to Calendar
TV/Radio Info
TV Channel Listings
Stars on The Ticket
TV/Radio Broadcasters
Watch In-Market Stars Games
Stats
Stats
Team Stats
Roster
Team
Roster
Front Office
Coaching Staff
Hockey Operations
Scouting
Prospects
Affiliates
Transactions
Injury Updates
Ownership Advisory Group
Corporate Partnerships
Stars History
Media Guide
Contact Us
Standings
Standings
League Standings
Central Division Standings
Wild Card Standings
Conference Standings
Community
Community
Dallas Stars Foundation
Donations
Programs
Grants
Scholarships
50/50 Raffle
Fundraisers
Player Initiatives
Future Goals
Birthday Announcements
Foundation Newsletter
Fans
Fans
Stars Social Media
Stars Insider Email
Mobile Wallpaper
Contests
Victor E. Green
Vic's Kids Club
Ice Girls
In-Game Personalities
Jamba Juice Stick Kid
Hometown Heroes
Boeing Military Salute
Official Stars Podcast
Hockey 101
Things to Do in Dallas
Sandman Signature Plano
StarCenters
StarCenters
Children's Health StarCenters
Comerica Center
Dallas Stars Tournament Series
Rookies Programs
Xtreme Team Camps & Clinics
Hockey Academy
Learn to Play Program
Dallas Stars Metro Hockey League
AT&T High School Hockey League
American Airlines Center
American Airlines Center
Arena Policies
Seating Map
3D Seat Viewer
Dining Options
Restaurant Reservations
Parking & Uber
Directions
Birthday Announcements
Shop
Official Stars Gear
Official Stars Online Store
The Hangar Team Stores
Game-Worn Collection
Blackout Alternate Jersey
adidas Reverse Retro jersey
Teams
Eastern Conference
Atlantic
Boston
Buffalo
Detroit
Florida
Montréal
Ottawa
Tampa Bay
Toronto
Metropolitan
Carolina
Columbus
New Jersey
NY Islanders
NY Rangers
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Washington
Western Conference
Central
Chicago
Colorado
Dallas
Minnesota
Nashville
St. Louis
Winnipeg
Pacific
Anaheim
Arizona
Calgary
Edmonton
Los Angeles
San Jose
Vancouver
Vegas
Seattle
Coming 2021-2022 Season
Privacy PolicyLast Updated and Effective Date - November 5, 2019This Privacy Policy is applicable to www.nhl.com/stars/ and its affiliated websites (collectively referred to as, the "Site"). This Privacy Policy describes the manner in which DSE Hockey Club, L.P. and its affiliates, including DSE Hockey Centers, L.P. (Children's Health StarCenters and Comerica Center) and the Dallas Stars Foundation, Inc. (collectively, the "Dallas Stars"), use information in operating our Sites, our mobile apps, and other apps, and any other online service that displays or provides an authorized link to this Privacy Policy (collectively, the "Services").Please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to the websites, apps, or services of the National Hockey League ("NHL") or any of the other member clubs of the NHL, which are governed by the individual privacy policies of the NHL and the member clubs.By using our Services you consent to the practices described in this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us as set out in the Contact Us section below. Information We Collect and ReceiveWe collect and receive information in several ways:Information You Provide DirectlyWe receive the information you choose to provide when using our Services. For example:
When you sign up to receive electronic or other marketing communications, enter a contest or sweepstakes, comment on an article, communicate with customer service, or complete a questionnaire, you may be asked to provide information about yourself including your first and last name, username, mailing address, phone number, date of birth, email address, mobile phone number, payment information, and/or information about your use of our Services.
If you use a "share with a friend" or "invite a friend" feature on our Services, we may collect your name and email address, as well as the name and email address of the recipient. Information We Collect or Receive When You Use Our ServicesWe may collect or receive information when you use our Services by using cookies, web beacons, and other technologies. This information may be combined with information that you provide us directly in order to personalize content and advertising based on your interests. Depending on how you access and use our Services, we may receive:
Log Information - this is information we automatically collect and store when you use our Services. It may include information about your interactions with the Services, the amount of time spent on our Services, and information about how you access our Services.
Device Information - this is information we automatically collect and store concerning the device you use when you access our Services. Device information may include the type of device you are using, certain unique device identifiers, and your internet service provider.
Location Information - this information may include specific location information drawn from your device's GPS, Bluetooth, or Wi-Fi signals, including information about nearby WiFi networks, location beacons, and cell towers. We may receive this information when you use location-enabled services. Information From Third-Party Sources We may receive information about you from third-party sources such as the NHL and other NHL member clubs, from business partners (such as a sponsor who collects or who you provide personal information to), from publicly or commercially available sources, and from social networking services when you connect with social networking services while using our Services. We may combine this information with information we have collected or received about you in other ways to personalize content and advertising based on your interests. How We Use InformationWe use the information we collect and receive for the following purposes:To Provide our ServicesWe use the information we collect and receive to provide you with the Services you use or request. For example, we may use this information to create accounts, process transactions, provide technical support, respond to user inquiries, send you electronic and other marketing communications, administer your participation in our contests and sweepstakes, notify you about updates to our Services or send other communications that are relevant to our Services. To Improve our ServicesWe use the information we collect and receive to provide content you may find relevant and interesting and to maintain and upgrade our operations and our Services. For example, we may use this information to solicit input and feedback about our Services, identify and address technical issues on our Services, and customize your experiences based on location information or your online activities, including the content you view, and other Services of ours you use.To Provide Effective Advertising and MarketingWe use the information we collect and receive to provide ads for our Services, certain third-party services, and to send you promotional communications. For example, we may use this information to show you ads (on and off our Services) based on location information or your online activities, and to send you electronic and other marketing messages about our Services or third-party business partners that may be tailored to your preferences and interests.Other PurposesWe may use the information we collect and receive for any other purposes that may be described to you at the point of collection or for which you provide your consent.   How We Share InformationWe may share information that we collect and receive with third parties when we have your consent or as described below. We may share information with the following types of parties:Our AffiliatesWe may share information with current and future "affiliates", a term that includes or parent or subsidiary companies, joint venture partners, or other companies we control, are controlled by, or with which we are under common control, including without limitation, DSE Hockey Club, L.P., DSE Hockey Centers, L.P., Dallas Stars Foundation, Inc.Our Service ProvidersWe may provide information about you to service providers that perform certain functions or services on our behalf. For example, service providers who host our Services and data, fulfill orders, provide products and services, manage databases, perform analyses or advertising services, administer our contests and sweepstakes, collect location data, provide location-based services, process credit card payments, provide customer service, or send communications for us.Operational PartnersWe may partner with third parties to operate some of our Services and we may provide information about you to these operational partners. For example, the Dallas Stars website resides on a platform controlled by BAMTech, LLC ("BAMTech") via an agreement with the NHL, and we therefore may share information about you with BAMTech, its successors and permitted assigns, and their affiliates in connection with the operation of our Services and where it is otherwise permitted by applicable law. Operational partners are expected to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and security of any information we share with them. However, we are not responsible for the privacy policies of our operational partners, which may use your information for their own purposes.Business partnersWith your consent, we may share information about you with select business partners such as our sponsors, retailers, and broadcast partners, and our retail licensee, so that they can provide you with special offers, promotional materials, and other materials or information that may be of interest to you. Business partners are expected to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and security of any information we share with them. However, we are not responsible for the privacy policies of our business partners, which may use your information for their own purposes.Interactive FeaturesWe may share information with third parties when you post information to a public user profile or a public area of our Services, such as a chat room, forum, or blog. If you post information to these interactive features, it will be publicly available and you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties. We cannot ensure that parties who have access to such information will respect your privacy. Please exercise caution when using these features.Other PartiesWe may disclose your information, including the contents of your communications, to other parties when required or permitted by applicable law, such as when we have a good faith belief that doing so is necessary to respond to lawful governmental requests or legal process, when the information is relevant to a crime that has been committed or is being committed, when an emergency exists that poses a threat to your safety or the safety of others, or when doing so is necessary to protect our rights or property or to enforce our policies. We may also share other information with any other third party in a manner that does not identify particular users, including aggregated information. Third Parties That Provide Content, Advertising, or Functionality on Our ServicesSome of the content, advertising, and functionality on our Services may be provided by third parties that are not affiliated with us. Such third parties include, for example: Content providers, which may operate contest, sweepstakes, fantasy or interactive games, or public forums on our Services. Retail, which may process transactions, provide customer service, and perform other related functions. Advertising providers, which help us provide ads (on our Services or elsewhere online) that are tailored to users' interests. Audience-measurement companies, which help us measure the overall usage of our Services and compare that usage to other online services. Social networking services, such as Facebook, Twitter, and Google+, which enable you to log in to certain of our Services, to comment on content available on our Services, and to share things you find on our Services with your social network. Mobile location analytics providers, which use location-specific data to facilitate the transmission of informational, marketing, and public service communications to you.These and other third parties may collect and receive information about your use of our Services, including through the use of cookies, web beacons, and other technologies, and this information may be collected over time and combined with information collected on different websites and online services. Social networking services may be able to collect information about you, even if you do not click on or interact with their content on our Services or have an account with the social networking service.The third-party social networking sites that we partner with may notify your friends and other connections, both on our Services and on the social networking services themselves, that you are a user of our Services or about your use of our Services. If you choose to access or make use of third-party social networking services, we may receive information about you that you have made available to those social networking services. We may use this information pursuant to this Privacy Policy, such as to enhance your personal and social experience on our Services. You may also be able to link an account from a social networking service to an account through our Services. This may allow you to use your credentials from the third-party service to sign in to certain features on our Services. If you link your account from a third-party site or service, we may collect from those third-party accounts, and any information that we collect may be used and will be governed by this Privacy Policy. Third Party LinksOur Services may provide links to other sites that we do not own or operate. Also, links to our Services may be featured on third party services on which we advertise. Except as described in this Privacy Policy, we will not provide any of your personal information to these third parties without your consent. We provide links to third party services as a convenience to our users. These links are not intended as an endorsement of or referral to the linked services. The linked services should have separate and independent privacy statements, notices, and terms of use, which we recommend you read carefully. We do not have any control over such services, and therefore we take no responsibility and assume no liability for the manner in which the entities that operate such linked services may collect, use, disclose, secure, or otherwise treat your information. Cookies, Web Beacons, and Other TechnologiesOur Services use online technologies called "cookies" and "web beacons," as well as other local storage technologies.Cookies and Other Storage Technologies"Cookies" are text files that are placed in your device's browser, and that can be used to help recognize your browser across different web pages, websites, and browsing sessions. Your browser or device may offer settings related to cookies. For example, you may be able to configure your browser not to accept cookies or to notify you when a cookie is being sent. For more information about whether these settings are available, what they do, and how they work, visit your browser or device's help material. If you decide not to accept cookies from us, you may not be able to take advantage of all the features of the Services.Cookies are stored in your device or in "local storage." We also use other types of local storage technologies, such as Local Shared Objects (sometimes called "Flash cookies"), in connection with our Services. These technologies are similar to cookies in that they are stored on your device and can be used to maintain information about your activities and preferences. However, these other local storage technologies may use parts of your device other than your browser, which means you may not be able to control their use using the browser tools and settings you use to control browser cookies. Your browser's privacy controls may enable you to manage other types of local storage.Our Services may use cookies or other local storage technologies in combination with other information about you to enhance and personalize your experience on our Services (or elsewhere online), including: To help authenticate you when you use our Services To remember your preferences and registration information To present and help measure and research the effectiveness of our Service, advertisements, and email communications (by determining which emails you open and act upon) To customize the content and advertisements provided to you through our Services and on other websites and services you visitWeb BeaconsWeb beacons are small pieces of code placed on web pages, videos, and in emails that can communicate information about your browser and device to a server. Beacons can be used, among other things, to count the users who visit a webpage or read an email, or to deliver a cookie to the browser of a user viewing a web page or email. SecurityWe have adopted physical, technical, and administrative safeguards to help protect against theft, loss, misuse, and unauthorized access to or disclosure of the information we collect and receive. However, please note that no data transmission or storage can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your information and privacy, we cannot and do not guarantee or warrant the security of any information you disclose or transmit to our Services and cannot be responsible for the theft, destruction, or inadvertent disclosure of your information, or any other disclosures out of our control.Your online access to some of your information may be protected with a password that you select. We strongly recommend that you select a unique password that is difficult to guess and that you do not disclose your password to anyone. We will never ask you for your password in any unsolicited communication (such as letters, phone calls, or email messages). Your ChoicesYou have a number of choices about how we handle information we collect and receive about you:
Email. You may opt out of receiving future promotional and email communications from us by clicking the "Unsubscribe" link in the footer of the email communications and updating your preferences. Please note that we may continue to send you transactional or service related emails regarding your account.
SMS and MMS. You may opt out of receiving promotional SMS and MMS messages (i.e. text messages) from us by replying "STOP" to any message. Please note that we may respond to your opt-out request with a message confirming that you have successfully opted out.
Disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information to Third Parties. You can opt out of having your personally identifiable information shared with third parties, for those third parties' direct marketing purposes by contacting us at privacy@dallasstars.com.
Location Information. If you use location-enabled services or applications covered by this Privacy Policy, you may be provided with an opportunity to opt out of having your location information collected and/or used for certain purposes. However, if you exercise such an opt-out option you may not be able to enjoy all the functionalities offered by those services or applications. You also may be able to limit the collection of your location information through the settings on your device.   Children's Privacy.We do not knowingly collect, use, or disclose personal information from children under the age of 13 or as otherwise defined by local law without prior parental consent, except as permitted by the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA") or other applicable local law. California Residents.California residents may opt out of having their personally identifiable information shared with third parties for those third parties' direct marketing purposes by contacting us as set out in the Contact Us section below. Please include "Privacy" as the subject line and include your first name, last name, and email address in the body of the email.In addition, California residents who are registered users of our Services and are under the age of 18 are entitled, in accordance with California law, to request and obtain removal of content and information that they themselves post as user content on our Services. You may request such removal by contacting us as set out in the Contact Us section below. Please include "Privacy" in the subject line and include in the body of the email: (i) a statement that you are requesting, in accordance with California law, the removal of user content, (ii) a description of the material you want removed and information reasonable sufficient to permit us to locate the material; and (iii) your first name, last name, email address, mailing address (including city, state, and zip) and year of birth so tat we can process your request. Please note that your request does not ensure the complete or comprehensive removal of the material.   International Transfers of Personal Information.The Dallas Stars headquarters are in the United States, and, regardless of where you use our Services or otherwise provide information to us, your information may be transferred to, maintained, and processed by the Dallas Stars and our operational partners and service providers in the United States. Please note that U.S. privacy laws, regulations, and standards may not be equivalent to the laws in your country of residence. By using our Services or by providing us with your information, you consent to this collection, transfer, storage, and processing of information to, in, and out of the United States.To the extent our activities are subject to international data protection laws that specify limited legal grounds to process your information, the legal bases for our processing activities are to perform or contract(s) with you, to meet our legal obligations, and for our legitimate business purpose, including to improve our operation and Services, detect and prevent fraud, and enforce our policies.Please see the Your Choices section for more information on how to withdraw your consent at any time. In addition, you may also have rights to access, rectification, deletion/erasure, objection, restriction of processing and/or portability.  Changes To This Privacy Policy.We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect changes in our privacy practices, so we encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically. Contact Us.If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, please contact privacy@dallasstars.com and select "Privacy" for the subject line, or write to us at:PrivacyDSE Hockey Club, L.P.2601 Avenue of the StarsFrisco, Texas 75034