http://www.puntroadend.com/help/terms/
Terms and rules | PUNT ROAD END | Richmond Tigers Forum
Menu
Menu
Log in
Register
Menu
Home
Forums
All threads
New threads
New posts
Trending
What's new
New threads
New posts
Latest activity
Featured
Donate
Shop
If you are having trouble logging in to the forum please contact admin@puntroadend.com // When reseting your password or awaiting confirmation please check your junk/spam emails.
IMPORTANT // Please look after your loved ones, yourself and be kind to others. If you are feeling that the world is too hard to handle there is always help - I implore you not to hesitate in contacting one of these wonderful organisations Lifeline and Beyond Blue ... and I'm sure reaching out to our PRE community we will find a way to help. T.
Terms and rules
Home
Help
JavaScript is disabled. For a better experience, please enable JavaScript in your browser before proceeding.
You are using an out of date browser. It
may not display this or other websites correctly.You should upgrade or use an alternative browser.
Help pages
Help
Smilies
BB codes
Cookie usage
Terms and rules
Privacy policy
Terms of Use
(Updated 07/07/19)
The providers ("we", "us", "our") of the service provided by this web site ("Service") are not responsible for any user-generated content and accounts. Content submitted express the views of their author only.
This Service is only available to users who are at least 13 years old. If you are younger than this, please do not register for this Service. If you register for this Service, you represent that you are this age or older.
All content you submit, upload, or otherwise make available to the Service ("Content") may be reviewed by staff members. All Content you submit or upload may be sent to third-party verification services (including, but not limited to, spam prevention services). Do not submit any Content that you consider to be private or confidential.
You agree to not use the Service to submit or link to any Content which is:
defamatory,
abusive,
hateful,
threatening,
spam or spam-like,
likely to offend,
contains adult or objectionable content,
contains personal information of others,
risks copyright infringement,
encourages unlawful activity,
or otherwise violates any laws.
You are entirely responsible for the content of, and any harm resulting from, that Content or your conduct. This includes and Content that is posted under your profile - do not share your password with others.
We may remove or modify any Content submitted at any time, with or without cause, with or without notice. Requests for Content to be removed or modified will be undertaken only at our discretion. We may terminate your access to all or any part of the Service at any time, with or without cause, with or without notice.
You are granting us with a non-exclusive, permanent, irrevocable, unlimited license to use, publish, or re-publish your Content in connection with the Service. You retain copyright over the Content.
These terms may be changed at any time without notice.
If you do not agree with these terms, please do not register or use the Service. Use of the Service constitutes acceptance of these terms. If you wish to close your account, please contact us.
Specific PRE Site Rules & Registration Agreement
Updated: July 2019
These rules are subject to change without notice.
Posting on message boards is a unique way of communicating and as such acceptance of certain guidelines will make being a member of this board more enjoyable for everyone.
Anybody is welcome to join Punt Road End and post.
It’s not necessary to be a Richmond supporter; in fact opinions from the other side of the fence can be quite interesting. Blatant stirring from opposition supporters is not welcome though (ie. NO TROLLS).
Please remember this site is intended for family use and as such posts should be suitable for any age group to read.
These rules are to protect PRE and to keep it going long into the future. Please adhere to them and if we think that you are trying to get around them we will be in touch and may attract moderation, suspension or even banning.
For our previous and current sponsors of the site, we thank you but this doesn’t entitle you to special treatment.
If you are not sure about a certain rule, please ask us.
Membership of this site is subject to the following rules:
General Conduct
As part of the hosting agreement swearing isn’t acceptable and there is a swear filter in place.
Posts that try and get around the swear filter by using symbols and asterisks will be removed and a warning given.
Messages shouldn’t threaten or humiliate any other person or contain personal insults. There is a zero tolerance policy for flame wars, baiting, and malicious personal attacks on all forums.
Such activity will result in posting rights being suspended/banned -- without warning.
Brief replies that add nothing to the discussion but to denigrate or bag a situation/event/player/official/poster, or hijack a discussion will be deleted and the poster banned for repeat offences.
Avoid quoting and then adding a “x 2, or LOL” - we now have a like feature, that is enough.
Please don't quote an image(s) if it is already posted in the thread.
This site shouldn’t be used for advertising or political soliciting.
Please don’t post in capital letters to try and gain attention.
It isn't acceptable to post in foreign languages.
Don't be a pest, spammer or stalker.
We’ve mentioned this before, but some people need reminding that you are chatting with real people. Your interactions can be reported and moderated, so avoid baiting etc.
Report any posts or members that you feel are Trolling the site.
Multiple accounts to be used in bullying other members will be removed and both accounts that share the same IP address will be banned.
Posting the same post across multiple threads, just no.
Having a whinge about moderators or the Admin publicly will not be taken lightly. Engage with each privately, see more on ‘Moderating PRE’
Redirecting members to other sites to increase readership, registrations for commercial or non-commercial purposes is not allowed. This is tested by whether a member is contributing to the community or their intent is to increase traffic of their own or affiliated content.
Do not track down or post to social media images, names, addresses etc. except if information is obtained from publicly listed information, but even so this is weird and get some help.
Do not cyberstalk, following people from board to board to harass them, seek help.
No illegal content; respect copyright owners.
No sexually explicit images, racist material, torrent or file swapping links or requests. Links to other websites with illegal game/match streams or downloads.
No drug use chat or any mention in context in relevant discussions.
No breach of copyright regulations. Article links can be posted with the source named, content from the links cannot be posted into the forum. If you are quoting a paragraph in your comment, a link must be provided and the source and writer included.
No libellous or defamatory content which may result in the risk of legal action.
Moderating PRE
Moderating decisions won't be discussed publicly and posts questioning things considered to be confidential are likely to be deleted.
Forum staff/moderators have the final say and majority vote doesn’t always count. Staff seek to make the community enjoyable for as many people as they possibly can. They do their best and if you disagree with a decision, contact them via personal messaging, rather than airing complaints in public.
Keep in mind it's not appropriate for them to discuss other posters so please don't ask.
We also ask you that you report a post using the ‘report post’ link under each entry and add a reason to help us determine the appropriate action.
Note, creating a new account to bypass any bans is not possible as we have IP address alerts to prevent this.
If you get a warning or a suspension, keep calm, and clearly communicate and be respectful when talking with moderators. If you are not happy with the decision or discussion or response contact the Admin.
How do moderators decide?
Moderators (Behavioural Awareness Officers) will look at the reported post or member and consider the intent of the content or member and deem if it is trolling, seeking attention/reaction or just being annoying.
All warnings attract points.
Think of these as Demerit points. Collect many of them and you can earn yourself a suspension or a ban.
Warnings: 0 points; Low Impact: 1 point; Medium Impact: 3 points; High Impact: 5 points.
If you accumulate enough points in a 12 month period:
5 points - 1 week account suspension.
10 points - 2 weeks account suspension
15 points - 3 weeks account suspension
20 points - You are gawn. Permanent ban.
Points expire after a period of time.
Moderators can also give you a ‘day off’ from a thread or the whole forum if they think you need to calm down.
Here are the main four warnings, note we are still refining the process:
Inappropriate Content
Inappropriate Behaviour
Inappropriate Language
Inappropriate Advertising / Spam
In reality they are common courtesy rules and shouldn’t be too difficult for anyone to adhere to. The best way to look at it is if you were face to face with someone would you talk to them like that… apart from all that post hard and often and more importantly have fun.
Enjoy the forum and go the Mighty Tigers!
PRE Registration Agreement
Updated: December 2011
You agree, through your use of this forum, that you will not post any material which is false, defamatory, inaccurate, abusive, vulgar, hateful, harassing, obscene, profane, sexually oriented, threatening, invasive of a person's privacy, adult material, or otherwise in violation of any International or United States Federal law.
You also agree not to post any copyrighted material unless you own the copyright or you have written consent from the owner of the copyrighted material. Spam, flooding, advertisements, chain letters, pyramid schemes, and solicitations are also forbidden on this forum.
Note that it is impossible for the staff or the owners of this forum to confirm the validity of posts. Please remember that we do not actively monitor the posted messages, and as such, are not responsible for the content contained within. We do not warrant the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any information presented. The posted messages express the views of the author, and not necessarily the views of this forum, its staff, its subsidiaries, or this forum's owner. Anyone who feels that a posted message is objectionable is encouraged to notify an administrator or moderator of this forum immediately. The staff and the owner of this forum reserve the right to remove objectionable content, within a reasonable time frame, if they determine that removal is necessary. This is a manual process, however, please realise that they may not be able to remove or edit particular messages immediately. This policy applies to member profile information as well.
You remain solely responsible for the content of your posted messages. Furthermore, you agree to indemnify and hold harmless the owners of this forum, any related websites to this forum, its staff, and its subsidiaries. The owners of this forum also reserve the right to reveal your identity (or any other related information collected on this service) in the event of a formal complaint or legal action arising from any situation caused by your use of this forum.
You have the ability, as you register, to choose your username. We advise that you keep the name appropriate. With this user account you are about to register, you agree to never give your password out to another person except an administrator, for your protection and for validity reasons. You also agree to NEVER use another person's account for any reason. We also HIGHLY recommend you use a complex and unique password for your account, to prevent account theft.
After you register and login to this forum, you will be able to fill out a detailed profile. It is your responsibility to present clean and accurate information. Any information the forum owner or staff determines to be inaccurate or vulgar in nature will be removed, with or without prior notice. Appropriate sanctions may be applicable.
Please note that with each post, your IP address is recorded, in the event that you need to be banned from this forum or your ISP contacted. This will only happen in the event of a major violation of this agreement.
Also note that the software places a cookie, a text file containing bits of information (such as your username and password), in your browser's cache. This is ONLY used to keep you logged in/out. The software does not collect or send any other form of information to your computer.
New members will need their first five posts to be approved by the moderators before they will publish.
Home
Help
PRE Dark
Sponsors
Terms and rules
Privacy policy
Help
Home
RSS
Forum software by XenForo® © 2010-2020 XenForo Ltd.
| Style and add-ons by ThemeHouse
Top
Bottom