http://www.afspeed.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - AF Speed
Home
About us
Contact us
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Car Service
Flooring Services
Home Renovation
Junk Removal
Tree Service
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. It is AF Speed’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect from you across our website, http://www.afspeed.org, and other sites we own and operate.
We only ask for personal information when we truly need it to provide a service to you. We collect it by fair and lawful means, with your knowledge and consent. We also let you know why we’re collecting it and how it will be used.
We only retain collected information for as long as necessary to provide you with your requested service. What data we store, we’ll protect within commercially acceptable means to prevent loss and theft, as well as unauthorised access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We don’t share any personally identifying information publicly or with third-parties, except when required to by law.
Our website may link to external sites that are not operated by us. Please be aware that we have no control over the content and practices of these sites, and cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy policies.
You are free to refuse our request for your personal information, with the understanding that we may be unable to provide you with some of your desired services.
Your continued use of our website will be regarded as acceptance of our practices around privacy and personal information. If you have any questions about how we handle user data and personal information, feel free to contact us.
Recent Posts
Mistakes to Avoid When Renting a Dumpster
Simple Steps to Prepare Drywall Before Painting
Why You Should Visit Vail, Colorado
Tree Planting Hacks During Spring Time
How to Choose the Best Material for Your Floor?
Search for:
Recent Comments
AF SpeedMistakes to Avoid When Renting a Dumpster  July 31, 2020The process of renting a dumpster from a professional junk removal company is quite straightforward. All you’ve got to do is to tell them your needs and they’ll offer you the right type and size of the dumpster.     However, if it is your first time renting a dumpster from a junk removal Nassau County company, there […] secure_adminSimple Steps to Prepare Drywall Before Painting April 29, 2020If you want to renovate or at least remodel your home, there is a need for you to include new drywalls in your budget. A drywall is a very important part of every home which new homeowners fail to put value in. You must make sure that you have a drywall in your new home. […] secure_adminWhy You Should Visit Vail, Colorado March 18, 2020The Vail resort can be found on the west of Denver, and is scenic, beautifully weathered, and bombarded with many great restaurants that offer you much delicious food. Not even mentioning their ever-famous skiing spot, which is considered as the third largest ski mountain in North America! It is awash with different activities in the winter with the European […] secure_adminTree Planting Hacks During Spring Time March 12, 2020If you are searching for ways to spruce up your yard this year 2020 or you’ve already included tree planting in your to-do-list for your spring landscape, there are essential things you should know to guarantee that your young trees will have the best life. Check out the following tree planting tips for the springtime that we’ll […] secure_adminHow to Choose the Best Material for Your Floor? February 21, 2020Determining what type of flooring would be best for your home could be a hard thing to make. Whether you are remodeling an old building or you will be transferring into a new building, you must decide on something that you should be happy for several years. Also, you would want to think about your […] secure_admin Archives
July 2020
April 2020
March 2020
February 2020
Categories
Car Service
Flooring Services
Home Renovation
Junk Removal
Tree Service
Designed by
Elegant Themes