https://www.isleofskyegolfclub.co.uk/privacy
Isle of Skye Golf Club Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Isle of Skye Golf Club uses and protects any information that you give Isle of Skye Golf Club when you use this website.
The Isle of Skye Golf Club is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Isle of Skye Golf Club may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 1st January 2014.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name and title
contact information including email address
other information relevant to customer surveys
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about membership, competitions, news, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email or mail.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. A key feature is that our membership database is kept off-line.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
Our web host company, Wix, uses cookies. For information on how Wix handles data of visitors to our site, please review sections 8, 12, and 13 of Wix's Privacy Policy.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following way: if you have previously provided us with your personal data you may change your preferences at any time by writing to us or emailing via our contact form.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. No fee is payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to:
The Secretary
Isle of Skye Golf Club
Sconser
Isle of Skye IV48 8TD
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.HOMEWHS WHS informationWHS course infoCORONAVIRUSSHOPOUR COURSEScorecardCourse GuideClub HistoryHistory of the landVISITORSMEMBERSBooking (Covid-19)MembershipLadies' FixturesGents' FixturesJuniorsSeniorsReciprocalCommitteeMembers OnlyMONTHLY MEDALSWINTER LEAGUEWINTER RULESSPONSORSTee SponsorsCard SponsorsComp SponsorsNEWSCurrent NEWS2019 NEWSOlder NEWSMusings from the pastGREENS NEWSPHOTO GALLERIESMiscellaneousSkye Open PhotosSkye & Lochalsh SceneryLINKSGolf LinksVideo linksWEATHERHANDICAPSRULES AND STUFFGlossaryRulesNew Rules 2019EtiquettePlaying FormatsCONTACT USMembers OnlyLogin/Sign up