https://www.gbgb.org.uk/web-privacy-policy/
Web Privacy Policy
At the Greyhound Board of Great Britain (GBGB) the privacy and security of our customers and users are of paramount importance. We understand your concern over the privacy of any personal information you supply to us, and your need to control this information.
Our overall policy is one of collecting only the information necessary to communicate with our visitors about the products or services they are interested in. We do not collect any other information, nor share any of the information we collect with anyone.
Anonymous Use of our Website
You are free to visit our website, and access any information contained therein without revealing any information about yourself. Any identifying information collected in our web traffic logs is standard anonymous, domain-based information only and may also include information such as your browser type, the referring site/URL, the time and duration of your visit, and the pages accessed. At no time will you be personally identifiable by us, and all web server log information is used for anonymous, aggregated traffic and site activity analysis.
Personal Information Collected
When you contact us, we ask for the standard and necessary information required to identify you and process the communication. This includes information about you, and information about the service you are interested in.
At present, the information collected during this process includes your full name, address, telephone number, company name, email address, IP address, the contact date and time.
At no time will your personal information be sold, rented, or revealed in any way to a third party. We will not use the information you provide to us for any purpose other than to communicate with you about our services in the most efficient way possible.
The Security of Our Technology
We make every reasonable effort to ensure the absolute security of all of the systems that comprise our website, database, and communications mechanisms as well as the workstations that access these systems for administration and analysis.
We take all steps necessary to ensure that our own systems, as well as the systems of our service providers are physically secure, and electronically secure. All company systems and affiliated systems are password-protected. Any and all transmissions of sensitive information from customer workstations to web and email servers, between and among processing and storage systems, and from company systems to administration workstations are fully encrypted.
We do not utilise bulk mailing technology that reveals your email address to others being mailed to (for instance, during the bulk mailing of a newsletter).
Definition of “Third Party”
For the sake of clarity, a “third party” is defined as anyone not a part of, nor directly affiliated with the GBGB. Those directly affiliated include service providers (who, in providing services such the hosting and processing mechanisms of our websites have access to the information contained within their own systems) and resellers and affiliate sale partners (who collect customer and transaction information on our behalf).
In no case will anyone directly affiliated with the GBGB use the information revealed to them for any purpose other than to provide the information to us for the use outlined in the preceding sections above.
By using this website you’re confirming that you’re happy to accept our use of cookies. Here you can find out more about how we use them.Read More AcceptPrivacy & Cookies Policy
necessary
Always Enabled
non-necessary