https://www.gbgb.org.uk/privacy-policy/
PRIVACY POLICY
This policy is designed to help you understand what personal information the Greyhound Board of Great Britain (GBGB) may hold about you and how it will be used. This policy also gives you information on who to contact if you have any questions about the way in which the GBGB uses your personal information.
What is “personal data”?
Your personal data means information by which you, as an individual, can be identified. It includes information such as your name, date of birth, mailing address, telephone number(s) and email address.  It can also include pseudonymised data.
What are “special categories of personal data”?
This is data which relates to an individual’s health, sex life, sexual orientation, race, ethnic origin, political opinion, religion, and trade union membership.  It also includes genetic and biometric data (where used for ID purposes).
What is “criminal offence data”?
This is data which relates to an individual’s criminal convictions and offences.
What is the GBGB and when will it process personal data?
The GBGB has responsibility for the governance, regulation and management of the sport of licensed greyhound racing in England, Scotland and Wales.
It is also responsible for greyhound and licence holder registration, for the security and welfare of greyhounds and for the Rules of Racing and their enforcement. To discharge its role the GBGB will need to process personal data relating to:
Professional/greyhound trainers and their assistants.
Local official, parade or other licence applications.
Kennelhand licence applications.
Greyhound ownership, including registration of syndicate ownership, company ownership and leasing.
Applicants’ appointing agents to act on their behalf.
Any other personal data submitted to the GBGB.
What personal data does the GBGB collect?
The GBGB collects personal data that you voluntarily provide to it in the context of its role as a regulatory authority. This will typically include names and contact details required on the various application forms submitted by you to the GBGB for licensing or other purposes.
Data Security
Your personal data is electronically stored on the GBGB’s core Infrastructure hosted at a Datacentre.  The data centres are fully secure and certificated by the British Standards Institution. All hardware has N+1 resilience and Data Security complies with ISO27001 certification. The GBGB employs industry standard server protection to prevent hacking or corruption of its data.
How does the GBGB use your personal data?
Your personal data will be processed by the GBGB in accordance with the Rules of Racing in force from time to time.
In the course of discharging its regulatory duties, the GBGB will use your personal data for its own internal processes and procedures which may include the following:
Carrying out security checks.
Administering or enforcing licence requirements and/or the GBGB Rules of Racing.
Promoting the welfare of greyhounds.
Preventing/detecting/investigating potential breaches of the Rules of Racing in relation to betting practices and illegal betting practices.
Any other purposes that the GBGB may reasonably require in the course of the proper administration of its duties.
In the course of discharging its regulatory duties and/or to further the purposes of GBGB licensed greyhound racing generally, the GBGB may need to distribute your personal data electronically to the following third parties:
GBGB licensed racecourses which abide by the GBGB Rules of Racing, or other racecourses and greyhound authorities recognised by the GBGB, (including, Formnet and BAGS).
Independent third party professional organisations involved with the preparation of national form data and race cards (including, PA Sports and Formnet).
The Greyhound Trust.
Other bona fide animal welfare organisations for the purposes of returning lost greyhounds to their owners (e.g RSPCA).
GBGB third party product or service providers to include for example the GBGB IT systems maintainers or providers  (including, ACS, Advanced Systems, DedRed).
The Irish Coursing Club (ICC) to transfer the Stud Book on the owners behalf and MicroDog ID.
Police or other law enforcement agencies or other regulatory bodies.
The Integrity in Sports Betting Committee.
Orphans for the production and distribution of The Calendar.
The GBGB may also:
Make the personal data you provide to the GBGB in your licence applications available to visitors to the GBGB website and/or publish them in the GBGB Calendar.  This is done with a view to further the legitimate interests of the greyhound racing community.
Disclose your personal data if the GBGB has legitimate reason to believe that you are involved in irregular betting practices.
Disclose your personal data for legal reasons (i.e. to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to co-operate in any legal investigation and meet enforceable governmental requests).
How does the GBGB use special categories of personal data?
This data will be processed by the GBGB in accordance with the Rules of Racing in force from time to time.
In the course of discharging its regulatory duties, the GBGB will use special categories of personal data for its own internal processes and procedures which may include the following:
Carrying out security checks.
Administering or enforcing licence requirements and/or the GBGB Rules of Racing.
Promoting the welfare of greyhounds.
Preventing/detecting/investigating potential breaches of the Rules of Racing in relation to betting practices and illegal betting practices.
Any other purposes that the GBGB may reasonably require in the course of the proper administration of its duties.
The GBGB will not disclose special categories of personal data unless you have given us your explicit consent to do so or unless we are required to do so by law.
YOUR RIGHTS
The right of access.  i.e. the right to ask for a copy of the personal data we hold about you.
The right to rectification. i.e. to ask us to update or correct any out of date/incorrect personal data we hold about you.
The right to erasure or to be forgotten; to request that we delete personal data where there is no compelling reason for its continued processing.
The right to restrict processing (in certain circumstances).  We would need to secure and retain the data for your benefit but not otherwise use it.
The right to data portability; the right (in certain circumstances) to ask us to supply you with some of the personal data we hold on you in a structured machine-readable format and/or to provide a copy of the data in such a format to another organisation.
If you have any questions on how to exercise any of the rights above, please contact us using the details below.
DATA BREACH
If the GBGB is made aware of a personal data breach, it will undertaken an immediate investigation into what happened and what actions must be taken to restrict any consequences.
If the breach is deemed a notifiable break the GBGB will notify the ICO without undue delay and at the latest within 72 hours of it becoming aware of the breach.  The GBGB will also notify affected individuals within this timescale.
The GBGB may change this policy from time to time by posting the updated version of the Privacy Policy on the GBGB site.
Contact details
Data Protection Officer
Greyhound Board of Great Britain
Genesis House
17 Godliman Street
London
EC4V 5BD
Email: GBGBdpo@gbgb.org.uk
By using this website you’re confirming that you’re happy to accept our use of cookies. Here you can find out more about how we use them.Read More AcceptPrivacy & Cookies Policy
necessary
Always Enabled
non-necessary