http://www.openadventure.com/terms-conditions.php
Skip Navigation | Using this site
Navigation
Home
Entry
Open5 Series
KMF Trail Run
Other Events
Northern Traverse
Lakes Traverse
Coast to Coast in a Day Sportive
Wales in a Day Sportive
Lakes in a Day
adidas Kendal Mountain Festival 10km
ITERA
Results
About Us
FAQs
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Terms and Conditions
Disclaimer:
I have read the rules and understand the nature of this event. I agree that I enter at my own risk and take full responsibility for my safety and actions during the event. I therefore do not hold Open Adventure Limited or any of its agents responsible for any damage or injury sustained to me or my property during the event.
Refunds
Northern Traverse / Lakes Traverse:
In the event of a cancellation, a refund following the schedule below will be given minus £10 admin fee per person. Please note that no refund can be offered if you cancel with two months or less to the event date. To claim a refund, please login to your online account, select My Races and then the Request Refund option.
Less than 2 months – no refund
2-4 months – 50% refund minus admin fee
4-6 months – 75% refund minus admin fee
More than 6 months – Full refund minus admin fee
Equipment:
Where competitors use Trackers, they assume responsibility of the tracker until it is returned – any loss or damage will result in the cost being charged to the competitor.
The responsibility for its security resides with the competitor.
Photography and filming:
During our events there will be photographers and on occasions film crews.
By entering our events you are giving consent that images of yourself maybe used to promote Open Adventure and/or its sponsors.
How to claim a refund and complete transfers:
Whilst we are naturally here to help with any web site problems, please use the online facilities to request refunds which will always be available within the dates listed above. Unfortunately, we are not able accept any last minute refunds, whether by email or telephone, which occur due to unforeseen circumstances e.g. injury or family emergencies.