http://www.bartonroversfc.com/privacy/
Home Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
PRIVACY
Barton Rovers Football Club will take your privacy very seriously.
This Privacy Notice sets out how we use and look after the personal information we collect from you. We are the data controller, responsible for the processing of any personal data you give us. We take reasonable care to keep your information secure and to prevent any unauthorised access to or use of it.
What personal data we hold on you
Personal data means any information about an individual from which that individual can be identified.
We collect, use, store and transfer some personal data of our players and their parents or guardians, and other Club members.
You provide information about yourself when you register with the Club, and by filling in forms at an event or online, or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise.
The information you give us may include your name, date of birth, address, e-mail address, phone number, gender, and the contact details of a third party in the case of emergency. We may also ask for relevant health information, which is classed as special category personal data, for the purposes of your health, wellbeing, welfare and safeguarding. Where we hold this data, it will be with the explicit consent of the player or, if applicable, the player’s parent or guardian.
Where we need to collect personal data to fulfil Club responsibilities and you do not provide that data, we may not be able honour or administer your membership.
Why we need your personal data
We will only use personal data for any purpose for which it has been specifically provided.
The reason we need players’ and members’ personal data is to be able to run the football club and arrange matches; to administer memberships and provide the membership services you are signing up to when you register with the club. Our lawful basis for processing your personal data is that we have a contractual obligation to you as a player or member to provide the services you are registering for.
We have set out on the attached sheet headed Appendix 1 in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate.
Who we share your personal data with
When you become a member of the Club, your information, if you are a coach or volunteer will be or if you are another player may be (depending upon which league(s) your team plays in) entered onto the Whole Game System database, which is administered by the FA. We also pass your information to the County FA and to leagues to register players and the team for matches, tournaments or other events, and for affiliation purposes.
We may share your personal data with selected third parties, suppliers and sub-contractors such as referees, coaches or match organisers. Third-party service providers will only process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties to comply with a legal obligation; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of our players, members or affiliates, or others.
The Club’s data processing may require your personal data to be transferred outside of the UK. Where the Club does transfer your personal data overseas it is with the sufficient appropriate safeguards in place to ensure the security of that personal data.
Protection of your personal data
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed.
How long we hold your personal data
We keep personal data on our players and members while they continue to be a player or member or are otherwise actively involved with the Club. We will delete this data after a player or member has left or otherwise ended their membership or affiliation, or sooner if specifically requested and we are able to do so. We may need to retain some personal data for longer for legal or regulatory purposes. The personal data that is stored on Whole Game System is subject to their privacy policy, so we advise you review that policy together with this notice. If you would like your personal data to be deleted from Whole Game System, then please contact them.
Your rights regarding your personal data
As a data subject you may have the right at any time to request access to, rectification or erasure of your personal data; to restrict or object to certain kinds of processing of your personal data, including direct marketing; to the portability of your personal data and to complain to the UK’s data protection supervisory authority, the Information Commissioner’s Office about the processing of your personal data.
As a data subject you are not obliged to share your personal data with the Club. If you choose not to share your personal data with us we may not be able to register or administer your membership.
We may update this Privacy Notice from time to time and will inform you to any changes in how we handle your personal data.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice, then please contact the Club Secretary.
APPENDIX 1
Purpose/Processing Activity
Lawful basis for processing under Article 6 of the GDPR
processing membership forms and payments/ subs
Performance of a contract
organising matches
Performance of a contract
sending out match or Club information and updates.
Performance of a contract
sharing data with coaches, managers or officials to run training sessions or enter events
Performance of a contract
sharing data with leagues we are in membership of, county associations and other competition providers for entry in events
Performance of a contract
sharing data with committee members to provide information about club activities, membership renewals or invitation to social events
The Club has a legitimate interest to maintain member and player correspondence for club community purposes.
sharing data with third party service or facility providers
The Club has a legitimate interest to run the organisation efficiently and as it sees fit. Provision of some third-party services is for the benefit of the Club, players and its members.
publishing match and league results
Consent. We will only publish your personal data in a public domain, including images and names, if you have given your consent for us to do so. In the case of children under the age of 18 then only with written consent of parent/guardian
To ensure we understand possible health risks
Consent. We will only process details on your medical history with your consent.
Comments are closed.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Parent/Guardian Code of Conduct
Children as you know, develop differently and at different rates; they react differently to the same pressures. At Barton Rovers Football Club we are attempting to give all the young people who play soccer a good and worthwhile experience and their relationships with all adults, at matches and training, must be positive and sporting.
The Club expects parents/carers and supporters to set an example for young people, regardless of race or creed. You should remember that young people are not playing to satisfy your ambitions young people are involved for their enjoyment – not yours.
– Avoid the temptation to coach your child during the game teamwork and effort are as important as winning. You should accept losing without undue disappointment your winning side should not be allowed to gloat over their victory.
– You should never ridicule or shout at a young person for making a mistake, or for losing.
– Praise them – or keep quiet, you should set an example – applaud good play by both teams. You should recognise the value and importance of the coaches, who give up their time to help young people and support in whatever way you can.
– You should help to remove all verbal and physical abuse in soccer.
– You should at all times respect players, team officials and supporters, both your own and the opposition regardless of race or creed, ability or disability.
– You should always respect the match official never publicly question their decisions and avoid words or actions which may mislead them.
I confirm I have read this document
Player Code of Conduct
The Club’s primary aim is to provide a facility for young people in the area to have the opportunity to play both competitive and non competitive football. Within this framework we encourage sportsmanship, friendship and try to make football an enjoyable family recreation, in view of this a player should:
– Seek improvement in their ability, skill, technique and fitness
– Give total effort and commitment, at all times, for the good of the team
– Set a positive example by avoiding gamesmanship and time-wasting and by playing fairly within the laws of the game and in the best interests of the game
– Never use inappropriate language
– Be aware of the laws, rules and spirit of the game and abide by them accordingly
– Respect the time and effort that your coach/manager puts in to enable you to play
– Accept losing without undue disappointment and not gloat over victory
– At all times respect players, team officials and supporters, both your own and the opposition regardless of race or creed, ability or disability
– At all times respect match officials, accept their decisions and avoid words or actions which may mislead them.
I confirm I have read this document
0