http://www.lakewoodgolf.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to Main Content
View the Lakewood Golf Club Facebook page in a new tab
View the Lakewood Golf Club Twitter page in a new tab
Book a Tee Time on our tee times page
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Lakewood Golf Club and our web service provider, CourseTrends, Inc., ("CourseTrends"), has created this Privacy Policy in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to the privacy of your personal information. CourseTrends provides web and email based services to golf courses and other small businesses (the "Customers"). This privacy policy applies to Lakewoodgolf.com, CourseTrends and our Customers. It is our intention to balance our legitimate business interests in collecting and using information received from and about you with your reasonable expectations of privacy within the limits of this Privacy Policy.
The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for the site located at www.lakewoodgolf.com (the "Site").
Unsolicited Email
Our system powers permission-based Internet marketing only; sending personalized messages from businesses to their customers. The transmission of unsolicited commercial email is expressly forbidden through our system.
Each email sent through our system contains an easy, automated way for you to stop receiving email from that customer. Simply follow the instructions at the end of any email. If you have received unwanted, unsolicited email please forward a copy of that email with your comments to support@coursetrends.com for review.
We only allow customers to communicate with individuals with whom they already have a relationship. If other sources of information are used, they may only send email to individuals who have expressly shared their address or opted-in.
Information Collected and Disclosed
When you visit Lakewoodgolf.com, you may provide us with confidential or proprietary information, including but not limited to names, contact information, technical information, information about your use of the services and the web site, and other registration information (the "Confidential Information"), to Lakewoodgolf.com. This information helps us personalize and continually improve your online experience as well as provide you with unique opportunities and offers. We use the information that you provide for purposes such as responding to your requests, tailoring our presentations to you, customizing future promotions, improving our functionality, targeted marketing and communicating more effectively with you.
You may choose to provide Lakewoodgolf.com with limited information. Your decision to provide us with information has a direct correlation to your ability to take advantage of many of our features. Your information is an important part of our business.
We take security measures that limit access to your information. Please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. We cannot control the actions of other users with whom you may choose to share your information. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that content you post on the Site will not be viewed by unauthorized persons. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Site. You understand and acknowledge that, even after removal, copies of content may remain viewable in cached and archived pages or if other users have copied or stored your content. Lakewoodgolf.com and its affiliates are the owners of the information collected on this Site.
We may then use the information and data we gather to create aggregate non-personal information. Such aggregate non-personal information is recorded and collected so that it no longer reflects or references an individually identifiable user.
We do not disclose any nonpublic personal information about you to anyone, except as permitted by law, however, we may choose to disclose all of the information we collect, as described above, to companies that perform marketing services on our behalf or to other similar companies with whom we have joint marketing agreements. We also display targeted advertisements based on personal information. CourseTrends may personally promote its services through the site CourseTrends delivers to the Customer. We provide information to our subsidiaries and affiliated companies. We require that these parties agree to process such information based on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and any other applicable confidentiality and security measures. Additionally, if we believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our Terms and Conditions or as otherwise required by law. We may also transfer information about you if CourseTrends or its business is acquired by or merged with another company.
Linked Sites
The Site may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that Lakewoodgolf.com or CourseTrends may not be responsible for content or the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our Site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Site.
Changes to Privacy Policy
We may occasionally change this Privacy Policy. If we do, we will post the changes on the Site. The changes will take effect as soon as posted. Your continued use of the Site constitutes your acceptance and agreement to any changes to this Privacy Policy.
Contact Information
If you have a comment, question or request, or if you need to contact Lakewoodgolf.com or CourseTrends for any other reason, please contact the CourseTrends' Security Administrator at support@coursetrends.com.