https://www.marylandgolf.com/privacy.cfm
Home
Courses
Golf Course Directory
Golf Course Map
Top Golf Courses
Most Recommended Courses
Golf Resorts Directory
Casino Golf Guide
Golf Lessons/Instruction
Ranges, Stores and Facilities
Executive and Par 3
Golf Course Social Media
Golf Course Mobile Apps
Destinations
Golf Guides & Destinations
Baltimore
Ocean City
Golf Trails
Other Golf Guides
Golf Course Map
Casino Golf Guide
Golf Resorts Directory
Stay and Play Packages
Golf Travel Ideas
Packages
Deals
Golf Deals & Specials
Free Birthday Golf
Stay and Play Packages
Gift Cards and Advanced Rounds
Golf Memberships
Online Tee Times
Tee Times
Travel
Golf Stay and Play Packages
Golf Package Providers
Golf Travel Ideas
Trips and Destinations
Free Golf Travel Quote
Ship My Golf Clubs
Articles/Videos
Featured Articles
Featured Videos
Course Videos
360 Virtual Reality
Events
View Outings and Events
Post/Promote An Event
Plan A Golf Outing
Courses Who Host Outings
Course Wedding/Banquet Hall
Contact
Privacy Policy - MarylandGolf.com
Please read this privacy statement carefully.
Privacy is very important to us. We also understand that privacy is very important to you. This Privacy Statement tells you how we protect and use the information that we gather through this MarylandGolf.com web site and The GolfTrips.com Network. (and the parent company CityCom Marketing, LLC). This web site and this Privacy Statement are intended for a U.S. audience.
This Privacy Statement was last revised on Jan 1, 2010. We may change this Privacy Statement at any time and for any reason. Significant changes to the Privacy Statement are discussed below in the Section called "Changes to the Privacy Statement." We encourage you to review this Privacy Statement each time you visit the web site.
By using this web site, you agree to the terms of the most recent version of this Privacy Statement. Please read our Terms of Use to understand the general rules about your use of this web site. Except as written in any other disclaimers, policies, terms of use, or other notices on this web site, this Privacy Statement and the Terms of Use are the complete agreement between you and MarylandGolf.com with respect to your use of this web site. You may be subject to additional terms that may apply when you access particular services or materials on certain areas in this web site, or by following a link from this web site.
Introduction
The information we receive, and how we use it, depends on what you do when visiting our web site. We collect and use your non-personal information (information that is not identifiable to you personally) differently than your personal information.
What is non-personal information?
Non-personal information is information we collect through this web site that does not identify you as an individual person. It may include information such as the following:
the type of web browser software you use (for example, Internet Explorer)
the name of the domain from which you access the Internet
the Internet address of the web site from which you linked directly to our web site
the date and time you access our web site
which pages you have visited on our web site
the search terms you use
the links on which you click
personal information that has been been made non-personal or anonymized (i.e., information that no longer reflects or references an individually identifiable user)
What does the CityCom Marketing, the parent company of MarylandGolf.com, do with non-personal information?
Because non-personal information cannot identify you or be tied to you in any way, there are no restrictions on the ways that we can use or share non-personal information. We are always looking for ways to better serve you and improve this web site. We will use non-personal information from you to help us make this web site more useful to visitors. We also will use non-personal information for other business purposes. For example, we may use non-personal information or aggregate non-personal information to:
create reports for internal use to develop programs, products, services or content
customize the information or services that are of interest to you
share it with or sell it to third parties
provide aggregated information on how visitors use our site, such as "traffic statistics" and "response rates," to third parties
Personal Information We Collect and How We Use It
Personally Identifiable Information: This refers to information that lets us know specifically who you are. In general, you can visit our Site without telling us who you are or revealing any Personally Identifiable Information.
Ordering - When you place an order for products or services, we collect Personally Identifiable Information (such as name, contact and billing information, credit card, and other transaction information). We use this information to deliver your order, process payment, and to communicate with you about the status of your order. Credit card information submitted with your order is used only for payment processing and is not retained on our Site. You may request your purchase be shipped by common carrier, in which case certain information will be shared with the respective carrier for delivery purposes.
Course Reviews - When you submit a review on a course, facility, etc you are providing a public message that is designed to be posted for all to see. In the form, you will see what information is public such as the name or knickname you provide, the rating, review etc. We also ask for you email address but this will not be published.
Newsletter Registration and Account Creation - When you create a golfer account or register for a newsletter you are providing us information about yourself. This information is designed to validate your account and provide newsletter and content that is applicable to you.
Sharing Your Information
Except as disclosed in this Privacy Statement, we do not sell, trade, rent, or otherwise retransmit any Personally Identifiable Information we collect online unless we have your permission. Any Personally Identifiable Information you provide to us will be used for your purchases and retained in hard copy form of the original invoice as well as within our database system, which generates our invoices.
From time to time, we may be required to provide Personally Identifiable Information in response to court order, subpoena, or government investigation. We also reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we in good faith believe to be unlawful. We may release Personally Identifiable Information when we believe that such release is reasonably necessary to enforce or apply our Limited Warranty or to protect the rights, property, and safety of others and ourselves.
Links To Other Web Sites
Links to third-party Web sites may be provided solely for your information and convenience, or to provide additional information for various other goods and services. If you use these links, you will leave our Site. This Privacy Statement does not cover the information practices of those Web sites linked to our Site, nor do we control their content or privacy policies. We suggest that you carefully review the privacy policies of each site you visit.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
What happens if the privacy statement changes?
If we decide to make a significant change to our Privacy Statement, we will post a notice on the homepage of our web site for a period of time after the change is made. Significant changes are also described below.
Recent revisions to the Privacy Statement:
None
Get Social
Free Newsletter
Past Newsletters