https://www.nhl.com/devils/team/privacy-policy
Skip to Main Content
The Official Site of the New Jersey Devils
Tickets
Tickets
Black and Red Membership
Single-Game Tickets
Partial Plans
Student Rush Tickets
Military Ticket Offers
Theme & Promo Nights
Group Tickets
Ticket Info
Devils Membership HQ
Virtual Seating Map
Mobile Ticketing Help
NHL Ticket Exchange
Premium Seating
Game Day Premium Seating
Premium Membership
2020-21 Devils Half Season Plans
News
News & Features
Headlines
Inside the Devils Blog
Prospect Center
2020 Draft Coverage
Email Signup
Video
NJD.TV Channels
Featured Videos
82 Game Odyssey
Jersey Life
Community
Game Highlights
Where to Watch
NJD.TV Home
NHL App
Devils on YouTube
Watch NJD.TV
Schedule
Schedule
Full Schedule
Theme & Promo Nights
Devils Hockey Network
Add to Calendar
Ticketmaster
Team
Team
Roster
Prospects
Coaching Staff
Managing and Limited Partners
Senior Leadership
Staff Directory
Binghamton Devils (AHL)
Stats
Player & Team Stats
Player Stats
Devils Game by Game
Devils vs. Opponents
Devils League Comparison
Historical Stats
Devils Season by Season
All-Time Stat Leaders
All-Time Draft Selections
All-Time Roster
Fans
In-Arena Experience
In-Arena Games
Devils DJ
Devils Promo Team
Jr. Captain of the Game
Birthday Wishes
NJ Devil Mascot
Little Devils
More
More
50/50 Raffle
Photo Galleries
Viewing Parties
Official Devils Bars
Devils Woo! Brew
Devils Labatt Blue Beer Cans
Connect
Email Signup
Social Media
Book Now: NJ Devil Virtual Appearance
Community
Community
Community Initiatives
School Assemblies
Experience Mobile Tour
Player Programs
Donation Requests
Community Honorees
Future Goals Program
NJ Hockey
Youth Development
Game Day Experiences
Rink Partners
Street Devils
Diversity Initiatives
High School Hockey
McMullen Award
Hockey is for Everyone
Hockey is for Everyone
Disabled Hockey
Pride
Black History
Gender Equality
Heritage Nights
Devils Gift of Giving • Donate Today!
PruCenter
Arena Info
Upcoming Events
Arena Guide
Brew Finder
Getting Here
Parking
The Lofts
More
Prudential Center Home
Virtual Seating Map
Mobile Ticketing Help
NHL Code of Conduct
RWJBarnabas Health Hockey House
Premium Seating
Shop
Shop
Official Devils Online Store
Devils Den Team Store
Devils Auctions
Teams
Eastern Conference
Atlantic
Boston
Buffalo
Detroit
Florida
Montréal
Ottawa
Tampa Bay
Toronto
Metropolitan
Carolina
Columbus
New Jersey
NY Islanders
NY Rangers
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Washington
Western Conference
Central
Chicago
Colorado
Dallas
Minnesota
Nashville
St. Louis
Winnipeg
Pacific
Anaheim
Arizona
Calgary
Edmonton
Los Angeles
San Jose
Vancouver
Vegas
Seattle
Coming 2021-2022 Season
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Official Website of the New Jersey Devils
Effective Date: September 20, 2018PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE WEBSITE. YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE IS ALSO GOVERNED BY OUR TERMS OF USE.General OverviewDevils Arena Entertainment LLC, New Jersey Devils LLC and its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates and other related entities (which may include the Philadelphia 76ers, Binghamton Devils, and others) (collectively, "HBSE Parties" "we," "our," or "us") are committed to protecting your privacy. The following are the policies and practices (the "Privacy Policy") of the HBSE Parties regarding your personal information collected at newjerseydevils.com, devilsmembership.com, rwjbarnabashealthhockeyhouse.com, prucenter.com, grammymuseumexp.org and any mobile applications offered by the HBSE Parties (collectively, the "Website"). We have created this Privacy Policy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to protecting the privacy of all visitors to our Website. Your use of any part of the Website indicates your acceptance of this Privacy Policy and of the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.This Privacy Policy describes: The scope of this Privacy Policy and links to other sites What personally identifiable information we collect What non-personally identifiable information we collect How we use the information we collect How we share the information we collected Your choices regarding how we use and share information  How we secure your personally identifiable information How you can update and change your information Special notices for children's data, California residents and EU visitors How we make changes to this Privacy Policy How to contact us  Scope of Privacy Policy and Links to Other SitesThis Privacy Policy only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you online through the Website. For some services, we may post links on the Website to other merchants, sites and services who may collect and use your personal information. For instance, when purchasing tickets to our events, you may be sent to ticketmaster®, Fanatics®, New Jersey Devils®, or another third-party website. We are not related to and have no control over other websites and the parties that administer them, and this Privacy Policy does not apply to any information that you may submit to them. We encourage you to read the Privacy Policy of any third-party website you visit, and to ask questions and to be very cautious before you disclose your personal information to others.What Personally Identifiable Information We CollectIn general, you can visit our Website without sharing any personally identifiable information. If you would like to participate in certain activities, use certain services or obtain products from us on our Website, we may require you to submit personally identifiable information, which is used to facilitate your participation in the activities or delivery tickets and/or other products and services to you. When you voluntarily provide personally identifiable information, you consent to its use and disclosure in accordance with this Privacy Policy, subject to any use and disclosure from which you have opted out, as provided below. Such personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to first and last name, zip code, mailing address, telephone number, Internet Protocol ("IP") address, geolocation, age, email address, hobbies, income, interests, and demographic information and may be collected in the following contexts:Interactive Features. In the case of contests, drawings, sweepstakes, promotions, chat rooms, newsletter registrations, fantasy games, webcasts or other interactive features that may or may not involve a purchase, we may require users wishing to participate to complete and submit an entry form, or complete a registration process, which may require the submission of certain personally identifiable information, such as, but not limited to a user's: first and last name, zip code, mailing address, telephone number, age, email address, hobbies, income, interests, and demographic information. Winners of contests, drawings, sweepstakes and/or promotions may be required to provide additional personally identifiable information. By participating in these activities, you are agreeing to the official rules that govern them, and those rules include any privacy policies that are distinct from this Privacy Policy. If the privacy policy varies for a particular sweepstakes or promotion, that information will be disclosed in the sweepstakes or promotion rules.Purchases. An online credit card transaction is required in order to complete the purchase of a ticket, or certain other products and/or services through the Website. Such transactions are completed through one of our third-party service providers that we have linked from our Website. If you complete a payment transaction, you will be sent to the third-party service provider's website to complete your purchase after selecting a product or service to purchase. During this process, the third-party service provider may ask you to provide certain personally identifiable information, including credit card information. The HBSE Parties do not have access to information you provide to such third-parties, and do not control the collection, use, or disclosure of such information. Please be sure to review the privacy policy of any third-party service provider before disclosing personally identifiable information to them. Correspondence. If you send us personal correspondence by electronic means, such as email, we may collect and maintain information provided by the correspondence in a file specific to you.Registration, Contests, Fantasy Games and Other Services: Before gaining access to certain Website services, you may be asked to complete a registration form (via formstack or otherwise) and provide personally identifiable information. You also may be asked to choose a user ID and password in order to take advantage of certain features that the Website may offer, such as contests, forums, fantasy games, webcasts or other subscription-based services.Newsletters and Email Updates: The Website may offer free newsletters to share information with you about the Website, about us and our affiliates, or about our business partners, advertisers and sponsors. You may receive a newsletter either by registering for a particular newsletter or in conjunction with a special feature or membership for which you have registered on the Website. You may cancel your newsletter or e-mail updates subscription by following the instructions provided on the Website or, in some instances, in the designated area of certain newsletters or emails.Contests or Sweepstakes: The Website may offer the opportunity for you to participate in contests and sweepstakes, which may require registration. Your personally identifiable information may be used to contact you for winner notification, prize delivery confirmation or other related purposes. Your entry in the contest or sweepstakes also may result in your being added to our mailing lists as well as the mailing lists of our business partners, advertisers and sponsors who are associated with the contest or sweepstakes. In the event you win a contest or sweepstakes, acceptance of a prize may require that you allow us to post publicly some of your information on the Website, such as on a winner's page (unless prohibited by law). In some instances, a third-party advertiser or sponsor may administer or host a contest or sweepstakes on the Website and collect your information. In those cases, we have no control over the information collected and accordingly urge you to review the official rules of the contest/sweepstakes as well as the advertiser's or sponsor's privacy policy applicable to the contest or sweepstakes before participating.Surveys or Voting: From time-to-time we may request personally identifiable information from you in connection with your voluntary participation in Website surveys or voting polls. At times, you may have to register to vote or to take part in a survey. If you decide to participate you may have to provide personally identifiable information.Chat Rooms, Forums, and Message Boards: The Website may make chat rooms, forums and message boards available to you. Information you post in chat rooms, forums and message boards is public and may be seen by any one. We strongly recommend that you do not disclose any of your personally identifiable information in any chat room, forum or on any message board, as we cannot control who may view such information.What Non-Personally Identifiable Information We CollectWe may automatically collect non-personally identifiable regarding your visit to and participation in activities on the Website. Such information may be obtained through the use of cookies, web beacons, embedded scripts, browser fingerprinting, etag (or "entity tag"), recognition technologies, location-identifying technologies such as iBeacons or GPS, and other data collection tools. The following provides a basic description of cookies and describes some, though not all, non-personally identifiable information we may collect using cookies and other data collection tools.Cookies: As with many websites, the Website uses standard technology called "cookies." Cookies are small data files written to the hard drive or storage space of whatever device you are using to access the Website (e.g. your computer or smartphone), which record certain technical information about your internet usage, such as your IP address (which may be categorized as personally identifiable information if it is identifiable to you) and/or browser type. Cookies automatically identify your web browser to the Website whenever you visit the Website and make using the Website easier for you by saving your passwords, purchases and preferences. By tracking how and when you use the Website, cookies help us determine which areas are popular and which are not. Many improvements and updates to the Website are based on data obtained from cookies. Accepting cookies allows you to, among other things, personalize your experience on the Website. Cookies also may allow the Website to present to you advertising which may be of interest to you. If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, you generally can opt out of providing this information by turning off the cookies option in your browser; however, some areas of the Website may not function properly if you have disabled the use of cookies.Web Analytics: We have and may implement certain advertising features on the Website through Web Analytics (e.g. Google Analytics, including Google Analytics Advertising Features, Remarketing with Google Analytics, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, DoubleClick Platform integrations, and Google Analytics Demographic and Interest Reporting, Adobe, etc.). This Website may utilize Google Analytics cookies, Google advertising cookies and various advertising reporting features to track your activity on the Website and after leaving the Website in order to provide you with targeted advertising that will personalize your experience. You can opt-out of these features by using the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on. Instructions for using this Add-on are available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/.IP Addresses and Click-stream Data: We may collect IP addresses and/or click-stream data for purposes of system administration, to improve the Website, to report aggregate information to our advertisers and sponsors, for other internal uses or any other business purpose. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you access the Internet. Our computers identify your computer by its IP address. When you request webpages from the Website, our computers log your IP address. Click-stream data is information collected by our computers when you request webpages from the Website. Click-stream data may include such information as the page served, the time of service, the source of the request, the type of browser making the request, the preceding page view and other such non-personally identifiable information. This data helps us analyze how visitors arrive at the Website, what type of content is most popular, what type of visitors in the aggregate are interested in particular kinds of content and advertising, and the like.How We Use the Information We CollectWe may use information we collect for the purposes we describe when the information is collected and any of the following purposes: To provide the Website and any products and services we provide on the Website; To show you advertisements for products and services we think may be of interest to you on other websites you visit and across other applications and platforms; To improve our marketing and promotional efforts; To analyze site usage and for other research and analysis purposes related to our business; To improve our content and product offerings and to customize the Website's content and layout; For customer service, security, to detect fraud or illegal activities, and for archival and backup purposes in connection with the provision of the Services; To contact you regarding administrative matters or notices, opinions of the Website and/or services, and to provide further information regarding additional events, products or services we believe you would be interested in; and To enforce our terms of use and other applicable policies, resolve disputes and troubleshoot problems. Any content you post publically on our Website may be shared and used in any way not prohibited by this Privacy Policy. How We Share Information We Collect We may share and disclose information as described at the time information is collected and as follows.With Our Third Party Service Providers. In order to provide the Website or process your requests, we may provide your information to service providers or other companies who work on our behalf in order, for example, to host the Website, create a full customer profile, process the transaction and deliver the tickets or other goods or services you have ordered. When we do so, we use reasonable efforts to assure that they comply with this Privacy Policy and applicable law.With Our Third Party Advertising Service Providers. We may share information with third party advertising service providers to engage in targeted advertising of our products and services and other marketing and promotional purposes.With Our Business Partners, Advertisers and Sponsors. We may share information with our business partners, advertisers, and sponsors if you participate in certain activities, depending upon the terms governing the activities and the policies into or out of which you have opted. We may share information with our business partners, advertisers and sponsors for marketing and other legitimate business purposes. From time to time, we may send you offers from the HBSE Parties and our business partners, advertisers or sponsors based on the information you have provided us. For Legal Purposes. We may be required to collect, share or disclose your personally identifiable information without your consent in the following instances: i) pursuant to judicial orders, subpoenas, decrees, or warrants; ii) in order to investigate, prevent or take action regarding suspected illegal activities, fraud, safety or the security of persons or property, violations of our Terms of Use, or as otherwise authorized or required by law; iii) pursuant to requests from governmental, regulatory or administrative agencies or law enforcement authorities; and iv) pursuant to emergencies involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person or property, if we believe that your information in any way relates to that threat.Corporate Changes. In addition, certain business transitions, such as mergers, acquisitions, liquidation or sale of all or a portion of the HBSE Parties assets, may require the disclosure and/or transfer of your personally identifiable information. Your Choices Regarding How We Use and Share InformationOpting Out. It is possible for you to use many features of the Website without giving us any personally identifiable information. While we believe our disclosure of your personally identifiable information will result in opportunities that may be of interest to you, you have the opportunity to tell us not to give your information to any third party for marketing purposes. If you wish for the HBSE Parties to keep your personally identifiable information confidential, please email us or send us a letter using the email or physical address listed in the "How to Contact Us" section of this Privacy Policy, below. Your opt-out request must include your name, email address, and mailing address, and any requests sent by regular mail must be signed. We will process your request within a reasonable period and in compliance with applicable law. You also may opt out by clicking on the appropriate opt-out links contained in our applicable email communications or Website registration forms. Note that after you opt out you may still receive email messages from us relating to transactions with which we are mutually involved, for example we may send you an update on the status of a ticket order. Third-Party Tracking and Do Not Track. Third parties may use data collection tools in connection with our sites and applications, which may include the collection of information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites. This Privacy Policy does not apply to these third-party technologies because we may not control them and we are not responsible for them. Do Not Track is a technology that enables users to opt out of tracking by websites they do not visit. Currently, we do not monitor or take any action with respect to Do Not Track technology.How We Secure Your InformationThe Website incorporates commercially reasonable and appropriate safeguards designed to protect the security, confidentiality and privacy of your personally identifiable information collected at the Website in accordance with this Privacy Policy. However, please keep in mind that "perfect security" does not exist on the Internet, and it is always possible that any personally identifiable information transmitted or disclosed online can be intercepted by others and used unlawfully. Accordingly, we cannot 100% guaranty the security of your personally identifiable information. We are not responsible for any interception or interruption of any communications through the Internet or for changes to or losses or corruption of data. In addition, personally identifiable information that you may voluntarily disclose and post on the Website (such as on message boards and in chat rooms) that may be viewed by the public will create a risk that such personally identifiable information may be used by others and that you may receive unsolicited email or information as a result.Users of the Website are responsible for maintaining the security of any password, user ID or other form of authentication involved in obtaining access to password protected or secure areas of any of the Website. In order to protect you and your information, we may suspend your use of the Website, without notice, pending an investigation, if any breach of security is suspected. Access to and use of password protected and/or secure areas of the Website are restricted to authorized users only. Unauthorized access to such areas is prohibited.How You can Update and Change Your Personally Identifiable InformationIf your personally identifiable information changes, or if you no longer desire to access our Website, we will endeavor to provide a way to correct, update or remove the personally identifiable information you have provided to us. This can be done by making changes to your profile through our Website, by using an opt-out option provided in one of our e-mails or newsletters, or by notifying us by email at guestservices@newjerseydevils.com.Special Notices For Children's Data, California Residents and EU VisitorsChildren. We do not knowingly collect or maintain personal information from any person under the age of 13. No parts of the Website are directed to or designed to attract anyone under the age of 13.Your California Privacy Rights. California residents who provide personal information (as defined by statute) in obtaining products or services for personal, family, or household use are entitled to request and obtain from us certain information about the personal information we shared, if any, with other businesses for their own direct marketing uses. To make any such request, please email us or send us a letter using the email or physical address listed in the "How to Contact Us" section of this Privacy Policy, below.EU Visitors. The HBSE Parties are the controller with respect to the personal data (as defined under Regulation EU 2016/679). We process personal data that we collect on the Website to fulfill our contractual obligations to users who participate in activities on the Website and obtain products and services from us, in furtherance of our legitimate interest in providing the Site and the services available on the Site or, if we request your consent to process your personal data when you provide it, with your consent. We may share personal data we collect as described in the section above entitled, "How We Share Information We Collect." We provide the Website from servers located in the United States. If you provide personal data to us, we will transfer your personal data to the United States where our servers are located. We will store personal data for as long as necessary to fulfill the business purpose for which it was collected and in accordance with our data retention policies. You have the right to lodge a complaint with a data protection authority. You may have the right to access your personal data, correct inaccuracies in your personal data, request the erasure of your personal data and restrict the processing of your personal data. To make a request relating to such rights, please email us with the subject line "opt-out" or send us a letter using the email or physical address listed in the "How to Contact Us" section of this Privacy Policy, below.How We Make Changes to the Privacy PolicyThis Privacy Policy applies whether you are accessing the Website through the use of your personal computer, a mobile device or any other technology or software known today or developed in the future. As we update and expand our services, we reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. We will prominently post a notification on our website when there are any changes to this Privacy Policy, and any such changes will be posted here so that you are always aware of our privacy practices. Accordingly, you should consult this page frequently when visiting the Website and before furnishing any personally identifiable information so that you are aware of our latest policy and/or any changes to this Privacy Policy. Your continued use of the Website after such changes are posted will signify your acceptance of the terms of the revised Privacy Policy.How To Contact UsIf you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, the practices of the Website, or your dealings with the Website, please contact us by e-mail at guestservices@newjerseydevils.com or you may write to us at the following address:Prudential Center c/o Devils Arena Entertainment LLC 25 Lafayette Street Newark, N.J. 07102