https://www.cobblestonegolf.com/contact/privacy-policy/
Skip to content Skip to primary sidebar Skip to footer
Perpetually voted one of the best municipal coursesThree Years Running “Top 100 Courses You Can Play” by Golf MagazineOur goal is to customize every detail to meet the needs of our clientsOur instructors are passionate and positive teachers that believe it is all about the student.Perpetually voted one of the best municipal courses
Golf Acworth, GASite Tagline RightWelcome to Cobblestone Golf Course
Perpetually Voted One of the Best Municipal Golf Courses in the United States.
Privacy Statement
At Cobblestone Golf Course, we are dedicated to protecting and respecting our customers’ privacy, and safeguarding their Personally Identifiable Information (PII). Our mission is to consistently exceed their expectations in terms of the products and services we provide to them. We consistently strive to create an experience that is responsive to their needs, by using the information they entrust us with responsibly. We are also committed to adhering to the principles of applicable data protection and privacy laws, and maintaining the confidentiality of information that our customers provide to us. Furthermore, we are committed to collecting, using and disclosing personal information in a responsible manner, and only to the extent necessary for the services we provide. This Privacy Policy has been created to confirm such a commitment, to assist our patrons in understanding the type of personal information that we may collect from them, how we may use that information, to whom we may disclose it, and how we safeguard this information.
Information We Collect
The types of personal information that we may collect includes your name, home, work and email addresses, telephone and fax numbers, credit card information, date of birth, gender, nationality and, in certain circumstances, lifestyle information such as leisure activities, names and ages of children, and other information necessary to fulfill special requests (e.g. health conditions that require focused attention). We may collect and process the following information: information that you provide by completing forms on our site – this includes, but is not limited to, information provided at the time of registering to use our site, subscribing to our services, your communication preferences, information provided for fulfilling tee time or information requests, purchasing products, registering for program memberships, submitting job applications, or, responding to communications from us. If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence, along with details of your visits to our site, including, but not limited to traffic data, location data, web logs, and other communication data resources that you access. We may also collect non–identifying information about you such as your use of our websites, communication preferences, aggregated data relative to your website visit or stay, and responses to promotional offers.
You have the right to choose which communications you wish to receive from us, and whether you provide us with your Personally Identifiable Information (PII). However, failure to provide such information may sometimes affect our ability to conduct certain transactions.
Use of Information
We may use your information as follows: to ensure that content from our website or email communications are presented to you in the most effective manner, to provide you with information that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, to carry out obligations arising from any binding contracts, to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, and to notify you about changes to our services. This list is not exhaustive.
Disclosure of Information to Third Parties
We do not sell or give physical possession of your Personally Identifiable Information (PII) to unaffiliated third parties. Situations in which we may disclose your information to others include: where we hare received your consent to do so; in situations where sharing or disclosing your information is required in order to offer you products or services you desire; when companies or service providers performing business activities on our behalf require such information (credit card processing, customer support services, market research administration or database management services); when access to your information is necessary to facilitate business operations or meet contractual obligations; in the event we merge with or acquired by another company; to comply with legal or regulatory requirements or obligations in accordance with applicable law or court order, or where disclosure is required in order to enforce; to protect the rights, property or safety of our clients or others (this includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction); in case of emergency such as to safeguard the life, health or property of an individual.
Where information is shared, we will limit the scope of information furnished to that which is necessary to perform the specific function. Unless otherwise precluded by the legal process, we require all third parties to protect your Personally Identifiable Information (PII) and abide by all applicable privacy laws and regulations.
Information Security
Your information is stored on servers that are protected against unauthorized access through the use of safeguards such as “firewalls” and encryption. Any payment transactions will be encrypted. We take all reasonable precautions to safeguard your personal information, whether the information is kept electronically or otherwise. This involves ensuring that the only persons who view your personal information are those who reasonably have the need to do so, and that, where necessary and appropriate, sensitive personal information may be locked in filing cabinets or offices. Our staff is trained to collect, use and disclose personal information only as necessary to serve our customers’ needs, and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Our computer network and all of our computers may only be accessed with passwords. We may occasionally use agents, contractors or companies to perform services on our behalf (e.g. credit card companies, accountants, etc.) However, such parties will have limited access to personal information.
The data that we collect from you may be transferred to and stored in our databases. In the course of processing your information, it may also be necessary to transfer your Personally Identifiable Information (PII) to our affiliates, properties within the Cobblestone Golf Course system and third party service providers for the purposes outlined within this Privacy Statement. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer. If you have been assigned a password to access certain parts of our site, you are personally responsible for keeping this password confidential.
Retention of Information
We are required to maintain certain personal information for a period of time for various reasons. However, we maintain personal information only as long as it is required for the reasons it was collected. All personal information will be disposed of when appropriate, and in a manner that is secure and respects your privacy. When we dispose of a member or customer’s information, if applicable, our paper files are shredded and information kept electronically is deleted from our computers and computer network.
Use of Our Website
You can visit most pages on our website without giving us any personal information. However, sometimes we do need personal information to provide services that you request. We only collect personal information that you submit voluntarily. By providing us with such information, you consent to our collection and use of your personal information for such purposes. Due to the nature of the internet, however, no data transmission over the internet is fully secure. Please be aware of this before you send us any information through our website, as we cannot guarantee that information you transmit to us will not be intercepted and/or misused by third parties.
Links to Other Websites
Occasionally, our website may contain links to other websites that may collect your personal information. We do not assume any responsibility for their privacy practices or policies, and cannot be held liable for the actions of those third parties. You should review the privacy policies of such parties before providing them with any personal information.
Your Rights
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you before collecting your data if we intend to use your data for such purposes, or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we may use to collect your data. We do not collect information from minors. We are, however, unable to determine the age of persons accessing and using our websites. Where a minor provides us with his or her data without parental or guardian consent, we encourage the parent or guardian to contact us immediately, whereupon we will arrange for the prompt removal of the minor’s information, and unsubscribe the minor from further Cobblestone Golf Course marketing communications.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time. Any amendment to this Privacy Policy will apply to the personal information collected, used or disclosed from and after the date of such an amendment. Additionally, we may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time in order to meet changes in the regulatory environment, business needs, or to satisfy the needs of our guests, clients, strategic marketing partners and service providers.
Contact us should you have any comments, questions or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy, please free to contact us at:
Cobblestone Golf Course
4200 Nance Road
Acworth, GA 30101
p 770-917-5151
f 770-917-5169
Primary SidebarMenu
Contact Us
Directions & Map
Privacy Policy
Footer Find & Contact Us | 4200 Nance Rd NW | Acworth, Georgia | Phone: (770) 917-5151
Home
Online Tee Times
Golf
Cobb Card
Course Rates
Scorecard
Rewards Card
Men’s Golf Association
Located on the banks of Lake Acworth, Cobblestone is a long standing favorite for Metro-Atlanta Golfers.
Tee Times
Cobb Card
Video Caddy Course Tour
Outings & Events
Golf Outings and Events
Request More Information
Let us host your event and ease the stress or organizing a major golf outing.
Golf Outings
Events Calendar
Golf Academy
Get Golf Ready
Golf Instruction
After School Programs
Junior Golf Camps
Request More Information
Our instructors are passionate and positive teachers that believes it is all about the student.
Golf Academy
Junior Golf
Contact
Contact Us
Career Opportunities
Directions & Map
Privacy Policy
4200 Nance Rd NW | Acworth, Georgia 30101|Phone: (770) 917-5151
Contact Us
Our Location