http://www.coachjohnwooden.com/privacy_policy
John Wooden
Privacy Policy
Your privacy on the Internet is of the utmost importance to us. Because we gather certain types of information about the users of Coach John Wooden's website, we feel you should fully understand the terms and conditions surrounding the capture and use of that information. This privacy statement (this "Statement") discloses the privacy practices for Coach John Wooden's website – www. CoachWooden.com (the "Website") - what information we gather, how we use it and how to correct or change it. This Statement only addresses our activities from our servers. Other sites (including those to which the Website links and third party sites or services with which the Website showcases) may have their own privacy policies and practices, which we do not control.
Information Collected
In general, you can visit www. CoachWooden.com at any time without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself. However, we do log the IP address, type of operating system and browser software used by each visitor, and from this information we can derive the identity of the visitor's geographic location and Internet Service Provider. We use this data in aggregate form to build a higher quality, more useful site by analyzing the collective characteristics of our users and measuring usage of each area of our site. Please note, at some point we may ask you to provide certain information (e.g. email address) when you register for features with the site. We use this address as a means to get in touch with the user about updates to the site. Unsubscribe instructions are included in each E-mail. We do not use personal identifying information for any reason that is not disclosed either in this Statement or at the time the information is requested.
Children's Privacy
In accordance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, we never knowingly request personal information from children under the age of 13 without prior verifiable parental consent. We also encourage parents and guardians to spend time with their children online and to be familiar with the sites their children visit. Children of any age should always ask a parent for permission before sending personal information to anyone online. If in the future, the Website collects personally identifiable information from children, it will do so in compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (is U.S.C. 6501 et seq.)
"Cookies"
The Website does NOT utilize "cookies" technology to track activities on the site.
Disclosure to Third Parties
We do NOT sell, trade, or otherwise transfer any personal identifying information to outside parties.
Third Party Links
From time to time www.CoachWooden.com may contain links to other Internet sites. We encourage all of our partners, contributors, and third parties to implement policies and practices that respect the privacy of our users. However, Coach John Wooden is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites. Please note that we do review our Privacy Statement from time to time, and that it is subject to change without notice. We ask that our users periodically review this page to ensure familiarity with the most current version of our Privacy Statement.
"Success is peace of mind which is a direct result of self-satisfaction in knowing you made the effort to become the best you are capable of becoming."
- John Wooden