http://www.goldeneaglegolfclub.com/contact-us/privacy-policy
Golden Eagle Golf Club Privacy PolicyConfidentiality & Privacy PolicyIt is the strict policy of The Aquilini Group that personal information, such as your name, postal and e-mail addresses, or telephone numbers, is private and confidential. Accordingly, any personal information you choose to provide is stored in a secure location, is accessible only by our designated staff, and is used only for the purposes for which you provide the information, such as replying to your requests, inquiries, and comments, sending you newsletters or notices of new developments, or other purposes which are disclosed at the time of collection, with your consent or as permitted or required by law. The Aquilini Group respects the privacy of all website visitors. We are committed to maintaining your confidence and trust. We have implemented the following privacy policy to protect personal information that you provide to us online.
No Disclosure of Information to Third PartiesAny personal information that you have entrusted to our care will not be released to third parties, except as necessary to fulfill a service you have requested, such as forwarding further information concerning a development. We will release your personal information if required in a judicial or governmental investigation or proceeding. We will not sell, distribute, post, copy, or otherwise disseminate your e-mail address or other personal information to others.
No Tracking of Identifiable InformationOur systems are not set up to track or distribute personal information about website visitors. It does recognize the home server of visitors. For example, we can tell which Internet Service Provider our visitors use, but not the names, addresses, or other information about our visitors that would allow us to identify the particular visitors to our site. This information is used only for internal purposes by our staff, to improve the operation of our website services. We track information about the visits to the various parts of our website. For example, we compile statistics that show the number of visitors to our site, and the site sections and/or pages visited. These aggregated statistics are used internally to better provide services to our visitors. These statistics provide an overview of how visitors use our site, but contain no personal information and cannot be used to gather such information.
Changes to this PolicyThe Aquilini Group reserves the right to modify this Policy at any time. If this Policy is modified, we will post the modified Policy on the Aquilini Group Sites. Please review this Policy from time to time to ensure your familiarity with its terms. Your continued use of the Aquilini Group Sites constitutes your acceptance of the terms of this Policy, as amended from time to time. This Policy relates to all online and offline activities of the Aquilini Group.
Third Party LinksOur website contains links to third party sites. Please be aware that The Aquilini Group is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage you to read their privacy policies.
DisclaimerThis website contains no representations or warranties of any nature with respect to a development or The Aquilini Group. Any such representations or warranties must be contained in any legal document entered into between The Aquilini Group and any visitor of this website.
Copyright Golden Eagle Golf Club 2020 - Legal - Privacy Policy
Created by
Legal notice