http://www.lowesmotorspeedway.com/tickets/policies/
Buy Tickets
800-455-FANS
Search
Toggle navigation
Tickets Buy TicketsGroup TicketsCollege TicketsKids TicketsRenewalsRefer A FriendMobile TicketsFacility MapsWeather GuaranteeTrack PoliciesTravel PackagesMy Account Ticket Exchange Events Speedway Christmas2021 Coca-Cola 6002021 Bank of America ROVAL™ 4002021 Alsco 3002021 Drive for the Cure 250Complete Schedule2021 NGK Spark Plugs NHRA Four-Wide Nationals2021 NTK NHRA Carolina Nationals2021 North Carolina Education Lottery 200Camping Camping MapsAmenitiesCamping PoliciesCamping World Racing ResortExperiences Racing SchoolsKart TrackSpeedway ToursMeetings & EventsSpeedway Club STEM ProgramCars and CoffeeFan Info Journey of the FanFan TipsLodgingParking and DirectionsFan ShopMobile AppTrack HistoryTrack FactsMinor WaiverFAQContact UsInfluencer ProgramKids Activities
Track Policies
×
Speedway Christmas Traffic Tip
Friday and Saturday nights can be as busy as Santa’s workshop!
Guests may experience three-to-four hour waits for entry.
Consider Sunday – Thursday nights for quicker entry and plan to arrive early. Follow our social media channels for updates and enjoy the show!
Track Policies
Charlotte Motor Speedway continues to provide an exciting and fun, yet secure and safe, environment for the world's greatest racing entertainment. Please take a look at the following policies to help plan your visit. The policies below are regulated and enforced to make sure your visit is a safe and stress-free one.
*All security measures are subject to change without notice *
Covid-19 Notice of Risk and Policies
Charlotte Motor Speedway (the “Speedway”) has taken enhanced health and safety measures—for you, drivers, crew, vendors, employees and other guests. An inherent risk of exposure to COVID-19 exists in any public place where people are present, including the Speedway and the event for which you are purchasing admission.  COVID-19 is an extremely contagious disease that can lead to severe illness and death.  People who show no symptoms may spread COVID-19 if they are infected and therefore any event where people are present may pose heightened risk of contracting COVID-19.  If you are considered a high-risk person as defined by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), you may be especially vulnerable to COVID-19.  You should evaluate your own risk in determining whether to attend any public event including the event at the Speedway for which you are purchasing admission.
As a condition of admission to this event at the Speedway you will be required to abide by all current facility rules, posted instructions, and protocols while on premises or risk ejection, including, but not limited to the following, which may be periodically revised in accordance with public health guidance or requirements, or other guidance or requirements:
Guests are encouraged (and may be required) to wear a cloth face covering (all guests who are 3 years or older).
Guests may be required to submit to a non-contact temperature check prior to entry.
Guests may be presented with a brief questionnaire prior to entry to confirm that they are not currently experiencing COVID-19-like symptoms and/or have not been recently exposed to the virus which causes COVID-19.
Guests must maintain a distance of at least 6 feet between their travel party and others.
Guests are reminded to wash their hands frequently with soap and water.
For guests who may need an accommodation in order to comply with any facility rules and/or protocols, please contact our guest services team for further information.
In addition, to further protect the health and safety of our guests and employees, you will not be admitted to the Speedway and you should stay home if within past fourteen (14) days you have:
Tested positive or have been deemed presumptively positive with COVID-19;
Sought testing to determine whether you might have COVID-19 due to contact with someone who tested positive for COVID-19, and have not yet received the results;
Been informed that you may have been exposed to Coronavirus or learned that you have been in the immediate vicinity of a person now known to have been carrying the Coronavirus; or
Experienced any of the following symptoms commonly associated with COVID-19, including cough, shortness of breath or difficulty breathing, OR two or more of any of the following: fever, chills, repeated shaking with chills, muscle pain, headache, sore throat, new loss of taste or smell.
WAIVER - ASSUMPTION OF RISK
We appreciate your cooperation as we strive to make the guest experience as safe as possible for all. Although preventative measures set forth by the facility are intended to help reduce the spread of COVID-19, we cannot guarantee you will not be exposed during your visit.
By purchasing tickets to and/or attending this event at the Speedway you acknowledge the risks above.  You also acknowledge notice of and agree to follow all facility rules, posted instructions, and protocols. You also agree to notify all guests for whom you are purchasing tickets of the instructions and protocols disclosed here, those that may be made publicly available for the event, and those that may be conveyed prior to your party’s arrival.  You acknowledge and agree that you are voluntarily assuming all risks of exposure to COVID-19 and agree to release, waive and discharge Charlotte Motor Speedway, its parent entities, and all related and affiliated individuals and entities, and all individuals and entities involved in the event at the Speedway which you are attending, from all claims directly or indirectly arising from your visit to the Speedway.
Banners, Flags and Signs
Our events are about FUN, friends, family and love. We want to create positive memories for people and do so in an inclusive environment.  Accordingly, all banners, signs and flags openly displayed (including but not limited to on vehicles, clothing, hats or other accessory items) while on the premises of Charlotte Motor Speedway must comply with this policy. Banners, signs and flags should contain no obscene language, symbols or logos, or graphic depictions. Speedway management reserves the right to approve all banners, signs and flags.  Confederate flags (including flags, signs and banners that contain the Confederate flag) are not allowed.
Attendees must adhere to the following guidelines:
Banners, signs and flags must be small enough for one person to hold and no larger than 36" x 60" (except that the U.S. Flag in a larger size may be displayed during the playing of the National Anthem only).
Banners, signs and flags may not be affixed, in any form, to any portion of the Speedway premises.
Banners, signs and flags may not obstruct the view of others.
Banners, signs and flags should be constructed of either vinyl, cloth or other lightweight materials.
Banners, signs and flags in the spectator grandstands may not be attached to poles or sticks.
Banners, signs and flags are not permitted in any premium seating area except as specifically permitted in writing by the Speedway.
Speedway management reserves the right to remove any and all banners, signs or flags not in compliance with this policy or which, in their sole judgment, violates this policy.  If you refuse to allow the removal of any such banner, sign or flag, you will be subject to removal from Speedway premises.
Weather Guarantee
The Speedway Motorsports Weather Guarantee is valid for Atlanta Motor Speedway, Bristol Motor Speedway, Charlotte Motor Speedway, Kentucky Speedway, Las Vegas Motor Speedway, New Hampshire Motor Speedway, Sonoma Raceway and Texas Motor Speedway (each a "Speedway Motorsports Speedway" and collectively the "Speedway Motorsports Speedways"), and is effective as of August, 9, 2018.
If weather postpones a NASCAR race held at a Speedway Motorsports Speedway and a ticket holder is unable to attend on the rescheduled date, the Speedway Motorsports Weather Guarantee provides such fans a ticket credit toward a future NASCAR race at any of the SMI Speedways.
The Speedway Motorsports Weather Guarantee applies to all NASCAR races at any Speedway Motorsports Speedway that are postponed and rescheduled to a different date due to inclement weather.
No cash refunds will be issued and the ticket credit has no cash value and may be used only as a credit toward the purchase of a NASCAR race at an SMI Speedway as stated in this Speedway Motorsports Weather Guarantee Policy. Unused tickets may be exchanged for a ticket of equal or lesser value on a ticket-for-ticket basis.
Events and seating locations eligible for redemption are based on availability at time of redemption.
Eligible tickets may be exchanged for any future Speedway Motorsports NASCAR race within (1) calendar year of the original event date or for the same race the following year, even if it falls outside the (1) year window. Fan(s) must use the ticket credit and redeem eligible tickets within 60 days of the original date of the postponed event, or by the end of the calendar year, whichever is shorter. If eligible tickets are not redeemed during the timeframe set forth herein, the ticket credit shall expire and be of no value.
Complimentary tickets are not eligible for exchange under this policy. Restrictions also apply to corporate block tickets and tickets purchased through brokers or resale websites not directly affiliated with the Speedway Motorsports Speedways. ONLY TICKETS PURCHASED DIRECTLY AND ORIGINALLY FROM AN SPEEDWAY MOTORSPORTS SPEEDWAY OR FROM THEIR TICKET AGENT TICKETMASTER ARE ELIGIBLE FOR EXCHANGE UNDER THIS SPEEDWAY MOTORSPORTS WEATHER GUARANTEE POLICY. RESALE TICKETS PURCHASE THROUGH TICKETMASTER TICKETEXCHANGE ARE NOT ELIGIBLE FOR EXCHANGE UNDER THIS SPEEDWAY MOTORSPORTS WEATHER GUARANTEE POLICY. Fans should contact the speedway ticket office where the race was postponed to verify ticket eligibility.
Only race tickets are covered by this Speedway Motorsports Weather Guarantee Policy.
This policy does not apply if an event is delayed, regardless of length of delay, but still completed on the original event date, even if completion of the event occurs after 11:59 p.m. of such original event date.
This policy does not apply for events shortened due to weather or other unforeseen circumstances if the race/event is counted as official by the sanctioning body.
The Speedway Motorsports Speedways reserve the right to alter and/or terminate the Speedway Motorsports Weather Guarantee at any time, provided, however, that such termination shall not affect tickets already purchased while the Speedway Motorsports Weather Guarantee policy was in effect.
Contact the ticket office at your favorite Speedway Motorsports Speedway for further information.
Ticket Purchases
All sales are final NO REFUNDS or EXCHANGES, NO MONEY REFUNDED.
Charlotte Motor Speedway does not guarantee the availability of tickets, and reserves the right to modify or cancel any of the conditions displayed on this website, including ticket pricing or availability, at its discretion and without prior notice. If CMS does not fill a ticket order or request, it will refund the purchase price or credit the customer's charge account, and is not responsible for any other damages or fees which might be incurred. By using this website, you agree that any ticket transactions with Charlotte Motor Speedway without regard to conflict of laws principle.
Rain Check: Ticket purchase will be good for rescheduled date. In the case of a rained out NASCAR event, ticketholders will be allowed to use their ticket on the day of the rescheduled event (no refunds). Additionally, ticket holders can take advantage of our SMI Weather Guarantee. If weather postpones a NASCAR Cup race held at an SMI Speedway and a ticket holder is unable to attend on the rescheduled date, the SMI Weather Guarantee provides fans a ticket credit toward a future NASCAR Cup race at any of the SMI Speedways. https://www.charlottemotorspeedway.com/weather/
Charlotte Motor Speedway is not responsible for lost, stolen, or misplaced tickets.
Speedway Club Dress Code
Speedway Club members and guests are asked to meet our standard dress code at all times.
The Speedway Club Restaurant and Fifth Turn Lounge: The dress code consists of business casual/country club casual such as dress pants and capris, golf-style/walking shorts. In addition to the above, we will allow jeans, jean shorts, running shoes and casual shirts. Jackets and ties are not required. No screen printed t-shirts; undershirts; cut-off shorts; athletic wear; torn or tattered clothing; or beach style flip-flops.
For certain outdoor events, we will honor a relaxed dress code in keeping with the event.
Management has the right to define "appropriate" attire. Members are responsible for informing all guests about the dress code. There is a relaxation of the dress code within reason for children under 12.
Please call (704) 455-3216 for further questions and details.
Handicap Shuttle Policy
CMS offers ADA Van Service and ADA Golf Cart Shuttle Service.  Vans and golf carts are available at each of the designated handicap parking areas.
You can call the ADA Dispatch Line at 704-454-6411 or text to 78247 for assistance
The guest service staff will be able to answer your questions and assist you with requests for wheelchair-capable vans or golf carts to pick you up.
Please do not request a wheelchair-capable van if you are able to safely board our normal fleet of trams and shuttles.
Handicap Pickup Locations
Handicap Parking Lot at VIP/Green
Ford Wheelchair reserved Blue (Near Gate 7)
Reserved Pink (Dirt Track)
Reserved Orange (Back Stretch)
Reserved Yellow (Infield Toll Booth)
At each INFORMATION Booth please ask the information booth attendant for a pick up. Located at:
Gate 3
Gate 4
Gate 7
600 Terrace
Gate 31
Handicap Seating Locations:
Sections Ford Deck
Sections Toyota Forth Turn Terrance A-U
Sections Toyota Family Section V-Z
Shuttle Schedule
The golf cart shuttles operate only on race days from when the gates open until approximately 2 hours after the race. There is, however, a "blackout" period immediately following the event when all transportation stops running for a brief time to allow pedestrians a chance to exit the grandstands safely. Please anticipate some wait time during peak demand immediately before and after the race.
All Golf Cart Shuttles are staffed with volunteers from Speedway Children's Charities. Clink the link for more information about our charity. A tip donation box is located at the front console of each cart. Any tip donations given during your shuttle ride are greatly appreciated!
Prohibited Items
For your safety and well-being, Charlotte Motor Speedway asks that certain rules and regulations be followed. Charlotte Motor Speedway, The Dirt Track at Charlotte or the zMAX Dragway will not be held responsible for items left in the speedway or around the gate areas.
No coolers allowed
All bags must be clear and no larger than 14"x14"x14"
No umbrellas of any kind are allowed in the grandstands, suites or The Speedway Club
No glass containers
Strollers are allowed inside the gates, but are not allowed in the grandstands
No pets, except service animals
No weapons, including, but not limited to, firearms, knives and impact weapons
No skateboards, roller skates or scooters
No bicycles, mopeds, etc.
No beach balls, balloons, etc.
No signs or banners
No horns, whistles or other loud items
No stadium seats with arm rests
Cooler and Alcohol Policy
Guest may bring a 14”x14”x14” clear bag in to Charlotte Motor Speedway, zMAX Dragway and The Dirt Track containing food and beverage, provided that all substances contained in the bag are legal and there are no glass containers or other potentially hazardous materials.
Clear bags with food and drink may be brought into the facility until one hour after the start of the race. *NASCAR Events Only
Clear bags with food and drink are not allowed in The Speedway Club, Smith Tower or any other club or corporate suite.
All clear bags will be searched upon entry.
Alcohol Policy:
Guest may bring alcoholic beverages into the facility in clear bags until one hour after the start of the race.
Smoking Policy
For the health and comfort of our guests, grandstands and concourses at Charlotte Motor Speedway, zMAX Dragway and The Dirt Track are smoke-free, including the use of e-cigarettes. This policy also applies to terrace boxes, kids' play zones, bathhouses and restrooms.
In conjunction with this policy, smoking lounges with flat-screen televisions and high-top tables will be conveniently located at each of our three venues. Smoking is also allowed in open-air campgrounds, parking lots, hospitality and souvenir display areas.
It is our goal to reduce the risk of secondhand smoke exposure to our fans, while still allowing the freedom of choice with convenient smoking locations during our events.
Enforcement -- Ushers will direct those found smoking in the grandstands to the nearest smoking lounge, and repeat offenders will be asked to leave.If you have any further questions about the locations of our smoking lounges or implementation of this policy, please give us a call at 1-800-455-FANS (3267).
We appreciate the continued feedback of our fans and welcome your comments at 1-800-455-FANS (3267) or via email to feedback@charlottemotorspeedway.com.
Contest Guidelines
From time to time, Charlotte Motor Speedway, LLC will conduct online\ social media and/or other various sweepstakes and contests. Sweepstakes are games of chance; prizes being offered to participants selected on a random basis whereas contests are games of skill; involves entrant participation and may require participants to use specific skills to solve or complete a specified objective in order to qualify for a prize or submit entry material which will be judged using specific criteria. For all purposes hereinafter the term "Contest" shall collectively refer to both sweepstakes and contests. All CMS Contests are administered by CMS and will be conducted in accordance with these General Contesting Guidelines, unless modified or superseded by rules written for a specific Contest (the "Official Contest Rules").
CMS together with the Contest sponsor(s), promotional partner(s) and administrator(s) are herein collectively referred to as the Contest Entities. Contest dates and times ( the "Contest Period"), entry date and times (the "Entry Period"), eligibility requirements, entry methods, winner selection, prizes, etc., will vary with each Contest, as determined by CMS and announced, please refer to the specific Official Contest Rules for complete details.
By participating or entering any CMS Contest, participants agree to be bound by these General Contesting Guidelines as well as the designated Official Contest Rules and the decisions of CMS are final on all matters relating to the Contest. For a copy of specific Official Contest Rules, contact CMS.
Contest Eligibility Requirements.Unless otherwise stated in the designated Official Contest Rules, NO PURCHASE OR PAYMENT OF ANY KIND IS NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN. A PURCHASE OR PAYMENT DOES NOT INCREASE ODDS OF WINNING. Contests are open only to legal residents of the 50 United States and the District of Columbia who are eighteen (18) years of age or older at the time of entry.  Employees of Charlotte Motor Speedway, LLC, Speedway Motorsports, Inc., Speedway Children's Charities, and each of their affiliates and each of their respective parent companies, divisions, affiliates, subsidiaries, officers, directors, shareholders, members, successors, assigns and agents, and any others engaged in the development, production or distribution of promotional materials or prizes for Contest (collectively, the "Released Parties"), and members of the immediate families (spouse, parent, child, sibling and their respective spouse) or households of any of the above are ineligible to participate or win.    VOID IN ANY LOCATION WHERE PROHIBITED OR RESTRICTED BY LAW.
General Contest Descriptions.
(a) Social Media.  For Contest conducted on social media there will be a planned post on: Facebook, Twitter, Instagram or snapchat stating how contestants can enter. The actions to enter may be but not limited to: retweets, likes, shares, repost, commenting, or screenshots The winner will be chosen by random. The various prizes awarded will normally range between $10 and $200 in approximate retail value. In the event the first winner does not reply to claim his/ her prize it will go to the next contestant. At the time of the contest, the winning contestant will be required to provide all information requested by CMS, including but not limited to first and last name, complete address, including zip code, daytime and evening phone numbers, and their date of birth to be eligible to win.  Contestants are required to provide truthful information to CMS, CMS has the right to reject and delete any contestant that it discovers to be false or fraudulent.  Contestants who are inaudible or unintelligible may be disqualified There is no limit to the number of times a contestant may try to enter in and win. Contestants need to participate in "real-time". CMS assumes no responsibility for contestants who participate at a later date or time.
(b) On-line Contest.For Contest conducted on-line, participants can enter at CMS website www.charlottemotorspeedway.com by following the Contest links and completing and submitting the on-line entry and registration form. Entry must contain all information requested and must be received during the stated Entry Period. CMS clock is the official clock.  Limit one (1) entry per person and/or verified email address. Entry will be deemed made by the authorized account holder of the email address submitted at the time of entry. Incomplete and/or multiple entries will be disqualified. The potential winner may be selected in a random drawing from among all eligible entries received or may be required to perform a task.
(c)  Voting Contests. For Contest that involves follower participation by retweets, likes, shares, repost, commenting, or screenshots voting for a Contest participant on CMS website, the voting is limited to one (1) vote per person per verified email address unless otherwise stated in the specific Official Contest Rules. If a Contest participant receives multiple and/or irregular votes or multiple votes from the same user or users, including but not limited to, votes generated by a robotic, programmed, script, macro, other automated means or other source, then CMS reserves the right to disqualify the participant in its sole discretion. By participating in the voting portion of any Contest, each voting participant agrees to be bound by the Official Contest Rules. If the Contest includes the use of an internet tool and the internet voting process fails to operate properly or appears to be tampered with or tainted with errors, fraud or unfair practices, then CMS reserves the right to use another means to determine the winner(s), i.e. random selection or appointing a panel of judges. All decisions of the judges are final.
(d)  Consumer Created Content. For Contest that involves the submission of consumer created content material from the participant, including but not limited to, photography, videos, essays, etc.  by submitting your entry: (1) you agree that your disclosure is gratuitous, unsolicited and without restriction and will not place the Contest Entities under any fiduciary or other obligation, that CMS is free to disclose the ideas on a non-confidential basis to anyone or otherwise use the ideas without any additional compensation to you; (2) you acknowledge that, by acceptance of your submission, the Contest Entities do not waive any rights to use similar or related ideas previously known to CMS, or developed by their employees, or obtained from sources other than you; (3) you are verifying that you are the owner and producer of the submitted material and that no third party ownership rights exist to any material submitted, and (4) you are hereby granting CMS a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, sublicensable (through multiple tiers) right and license to use, publish, reproduce, display, perform, adapt, modify, distribute, have distributed and promote such content in any form, in all media now known or hereinafter created, anywhere in the world, for any purpose. BY SUBMITTING ANY CONTENT, ENTRANT ACKNOWLEDGES THAT HIS/HER CONTENT MAY BE POSTED ON COMPANY'S WEBSITE, IN COMPANY'S DISCRETION.
Content: (a) must comply with the designated Official Contest Rules and any Terms of Service on the CMS website; (b) must be uploaded in format specified and must comply with the posting requirements set forth above and as posted on the CMS website; (c) cannot be sexually explicit or suggestive, unnecessarily violent or derogatory of any ethnic, racial, gender, religious, professional or age group, profane or pornographic, contain nudity or any materially dangerous activity; content cannot promote alcohol, illegal drugs, tobacco, firearms/weapons (or the use of any of the foregoing), any activities that may appear unsafe or dangerous, or any particular political agenda or message; (d) cannot be obscene or offensive, endorse any form of hate or hate group; (e) cannot defame, misrepresent or contain disparaging remarks about CMS or its products, or other people, products or companies; (f) cannot contain trademarks, logos or trade dress owned by others, or advertise or promote any brand or product of any kind, without permission, or contain any personal identification, such as license plate numbers, personal names, e-mail addresses or street addresses; (g) cannot contain copyrighted materials owned by others (including photographs, sculptures, paintings and other works of art or images published on or in websites, television, movies or other media) without permission; CMS does not permit the infringement of others' rights and any use of materials not original to the participant (except copyrighted materials owned by CMS) is grounds for  disqualification from the Contest. (h) no background artwork should appear in an content unless it is an original work of the entrant. Any artwork, murals, etc. that can be seen in the content must be created solely by the entrant or entrant must be the sole owner of all copyright interests therein; (i) cannot contain materials embodying the names, likenesses, photographs, or other indicia identifying any person, living or dead, without permission; (j) cannot communicate messages or images inconsistent with the positive images and/or goodwill to which PRN wishes to associate; and (k) cannot depict, and cannot itself, be in violation of any law. CONSUMER CREATED CONTENT POSTED TO THE WEBSITE WERE NOT EDITED BY COMPANY AND ARE THE VIEWS/OPINIONS OF THE INDIVIDUAL ENTRANT AND DO NOT REFLECT THE VIEWS OF COMPANY IN ANY MANNER. Any waiver of any obligation hereunder by CMS does not constitute a general waiver of any obligation to entrants. CMS reserves the right to waive the Contest entry requirements set forth herein in its reasonable discretion. CMS reserves the right, in its reasonable discretion, during or upon completion of the Contest Period, to request that any entrant resubmit his or her entry which fails to comply with the Contest entry requirements prior to any judging or voting period. By submitting content you warrant and represent that it: (a) is your original work, (b) has not been previously published, (c) has not won previous awards, (d) does not infringe upon the copyrights, trademarks, rights of privacy, publicity or other intellectual property or other rights of any person or entity; (e) that you have obtained permission from a person who's name, likeness or voice is used in the content and (f) and that publication of the content via various media including Web posting, will not infringe on the rights of any third party rights. Any such entrant will indemnify and hold harmless, CMS, its Companies, and agents from any claims to the contrary. Any entrant whose work includes likenesses of third parties or contains elements not owned by the entrant (such as, but not limited to, depictions of persons, buildings, trademarks or logos) must be able to provide legal releases for such use including CMS use of such content, in a form satisfactory to administrator, upon request, prior to award of prize and/or naming of entrant as a winner.
By accepting a prize, the winner agrees that his or her content will be deemed a Work Made For Hire under the Copyright laws of the United States, but if it cannot be so deemed, then the winner irrevocably assigns and transfers to CMS all of his/her right, title and interest in and to his/her video, including all but not limited to all copyright and trademark rights which he or she may have, in the United States and worldwide, therein, for consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged. Winner hereby waives in favor of CMS, all rights of "Droit Moral" or "Moral Rights of Authors" or any similar rights or principles of law that winner may now or later have to their content. CMS reserves the right to alter, change or modify the winning content, in its sole discretion. Upon CMS of CMS, winner shall execute and deliver such additional instrument of assignment, as may be solely deemed by CMS, reasonably necessary to establish the ownership of record of the right, title and interest in and to the content and of the copyrights transferred and "Moral Rights of Authors" waived under the Official Contest Rules. Should CMS fail to request the said assignment as stated, that shall not be deemed a waiver of CMS' rights and CMS may at a later time request the assignment.
Winner Selection, Verification and Notification.   All potential Contest winners will be selected in a manner as stated in the specific Official Contest Rules.  Only one (1) prize winner per household. All decisions of the judges are final.  All potential winners are subject to verification, including without limitation, verification of eligibility, age, compliance with the designated Official Contest Rules and execution and return of any Statement/Affidavit of Eligibility, Liability Release and Publicity Release (except where prohibited by law). The potential winner will be notified as stated in the specific Official Contest Rules and must be available to participate when applicable; to be eligible for the prize in any portion to the Contest that participation may be required.   If a potential prize winner is deemed ineligible and disqualified then CMS, in its sole discretion, reserves the right to choose an alternate potential winner, time permitting.  If attempted prize notification is returned as undeliverable, if the potential winner cannot be verified, or if the potential winner is otherwise unable to accept whole prize, or does not claim prize within the stated time frame,  then prize will be forfeited and may be awarded to an alternate provided sufficient time remains, in CMS discretion.  CMS is not responsible for changes in email or telephone address.
Prize Conditions.  Odds of winning depend upon the number of eligible entries received during the specific Contest Period. Prize is awarded to the winner according to the designated Official Contest Rules.  No more than the advertised number of prizes shall be awarded.  The total approximate retail value ("ARV") of the prize will vary by Contest. Any difference between stated approximate value and the actual value of prize will not be awarded. Winner must accept the whole prize.  Prizes are non-transferable, redeemable for cash or exchangeable for any other prize. CMS reserves the right to substitute a prize (or any part of the prize) with a prize of equal or greater value. All other costs and expenses related to prize acceptance and use not specified in the designated Official Contest Rules, as being awarded are the sole responsibility of winner. Contact CMS for a copy of the winner's list.
(a) Event/Date Specific Prizes.  Certain prizes awarded can be event/date specific, CMS is not responsible for the cancellation or rescheduling of any event or date and no substitution or compensation shall be awarded. Any awarded tickets as prizes are subject to certain terms and conditions specified thereon. Location of seats and tickets are in CMS' sole discretion or may be predetermined as supplied by prize provider.
(b) Trip Specific Prizes. If a trip prize package is awarded and the prize includes round-trip, coach class air transportation for winner from a major commercial airport near winner's home to the destination and a double occupancy standard hotel room as specified in the designated Official Contest Rules. Actual value of the trip will depend on point of departure and any airfare fluctuations. Selection of airline and hotel are solely within CMS' discretion. Airline tickets are non-refundable/nontransferable and are not valid for upgrades and/or frequent flyer miles. All airline tickets are subject to flight variation, work stoppages, and schedule or route changes.   All travel must be taken on dates specified or prize will be forfeited and may be awarded to an alternate winner; no alternative travel dates are available. Winner and travel guest(s) must travel on same itinerary. If in the judgment of the CMS air travel is not required due to winner's proximity to the trip destination, ground transportation will be substituted for roundtrip air travel at CMS' sole and absolute discretion. The difference in value will not be awarded to the prize winner.  Meals, gratuities, luggage fees, incidental hotel charges and any other travel-related expenses not specified in the designated Official Contest Rules are the sole responsibility of winner and travel guest. If winner is eligible, but a minor in his/her state of residence, the travel guest must be winner's parent or legal guardian. A minor may accompany winner as a travel guest only if the winner is the minor's parent or legal guardian. Minors must be accompanied at all times during trip (including, but not limited to, in-flight, hotel stay and all prize-related events) by minor's parent or legal guardian.
Contest Entities shall not be responsible for any cancellations, delays, diversions or substitution or any act or omissions whatsoever by the air carriers, hotels, venue operators, transportation companies, prize providers or any other persons providing any prize-related services or accommodations. Additional prize award details and travel information to be provided to the prize winner at the time of notification. Prize winner and guest(s) are also responsible for obtaining travel insurance (and all other forms of insurance) at their option and hereby acknowledge that the CMS has not and will not obtain or provide travel insurance or any other form of insurance. Lost, stolen or damaged airline tickets, travel vouchers or certificates will not be replaced or exchanged.
ALL PRIZES ARE AWARDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE), AND ALL SUCH WARRANTIES ARE HEREBY DISCLAIMED.
Tampering and Delivery Disclaimer. ANY ATTEMPT BY AN INDIVIDUAL TO DELIBERATELY DAMAGE OR TAMPER WITH CMS' Social Media or WEBSITE(OR ANY PART THEREOF) OR UNDERMINE THE LEGITIMATE OPERATION OF THE CONTEST MAY BE IN VIOLATION OF CRIMINAL AND CIVIL LAWS. SHOULD ANY SUCH ATTEMPT BE MADE, CMS RESERVES THE RIGHT TO SEEK DAMAGES AND OTHER AVAILABLE REMEDIES FROM ANY SUCH INDIVIDUAL TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, INCLUDING CRIMINAL PROSECUTION; AND IF SUCH INDIVIDUAL ENTERS THE CONTEST HE/SHE WILL BE DISQUALIFIED.
All entries become the property No illegible, incomplete, forged or altered entries or mechanically reproduced entries will be accepted.   CMS is not responsible for late, lost, damaged, garbled, incomplete, or misdirected entries, for errors, omissions, interruptions, deletions, defects or delays in operations or transmission of information, in each case whether arising by way of technical or other failures or malfunctions of computer hardware, software, communications devices, or transmission lines or data corruption, theft, destruction, unauthorized access to or alteration of entry materials, loss or otherwise. CMS disclaims any liability for damage to any computer system resulting from participation in, or accessing or downloading information in connection with the Contest.
Publicity; Use of Personal Information. Except where prohibited by law, participation in the Contest and or acceptance of prize constitutes participant's and/or winner's consent to CMS to use their name, likeness, voice, opinions, city and state and photographs for promotional purposes in any media, worldwide, without further payment or consideration for such use.   By participating in a Contest, where allowed by law, participant agrees that the information it supplies on the entry form or on the CMS website or social media may be used for marketing purposes. All use of information supplied by any participant on entry forms (whether through social media, website or in paper form) shall be consistent with CMS' privacy policy located at http://www.speedwaymotorsports.com/privacy/.
Releases and Conditions. By entering or otherwise participating in the Contest, participant agrees to the designated Official Contest Rules.  By participating in any CMS Contest, each participant and winner waives any and all claims of liability against the CMS, its employees and agents, the Contest's sponsors and their respective employees and agents for any personal injury or loss which may occur from the conduct of, or participation in, the Contest, or from the award, receipt and/or use or misuse of any prize, including any travel related thereto. Winner will be required to sign a Statement/Affidavit of Eligibility, Liability Release and Publicity Release (collectively "Releases") (except where prohibited by law) prior to issuance of prize(s).
Taxes. Any valuation of the prize(s) stated in the designated Official Contest Rules is based on available information provided to the CMS, and the value of any prize awarded to a winner may be reported for tax purposes as required by law. Each winner is solely responsible for reporting and paying any and all applicable taxes related to the prize(s).  Any person winning over $600 in prizes from the CMS will receive an IRS form 1099 at the end of the calendar year and a copy of such form will be filed with the IRS.
Conduct and Decisions. CMS, in its sole discretion, reserves the right to disqualify any participant (and all of their entries) from the Contest if he or she tampers with the entry process or the operation of this Contest or is otherwise in violation of the General Contesting Rules or the designated Official Contest Rules.  CMS reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to and/ or reject disqualify any person or person who CMS believes is tampering with the entry process in any way, including but not limited to attempts to manipulate the systems or entry process in order to increase the odds of winning.  CMS further reserves the right to modify, cancel, postpone, delay, suspend and/or terminate the Contest in whole or in part in the event that the Contest is not capable of running as planned or as intended by the designated Official Contest Rules, by reason of any fraud, technical factors or other disabling causes that, in the sole discretion of CMS, impair, corrupt or interrupt the administration, fairness, security or integrity or proper conduct of the Contest, including without limitation, hurricane, fire, flood, epidemic, earthquake, explosion, labor dispute or strike, act of God or public enemy, war, terrorist threat or activity or insurrection.  In the event of cancellation, CMS shall award the prizes (or a prize of equal or greater value) in a random drawing from among all eligible, non-suspect entries received as of the time of cancellation.
Compliance with Laws.  CMS CONTESTS ARE GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES AND THE STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA, WITHOUT RESPECT TO CONFLICT OF LAW DOCTRINES. As a condition of participating in the Contest, each participant agrees that any and all disputes that cannot be resolved between the parties and causes of action arising out of or connected with this Contest shall be resolved individually, without resort to any form of class action, exclusively before a court located in Mecklenburg County, North Carolina having jurisdiction. Further, in any such dispute, under no circumstances will participant be permitted to obtain awards for and hereby waives all rights to claim punitive, incidental, indirect, or consequential damages, including reasonable attorney's fees, other than participant's actual out-of-pocket expenses (i.e., costs associated with entering this Contest), and participant further waives all rights to have damages multiplied or increased.
Camping Policies
Camping at the race track can create memories that can last a lifetime. Before you set up your campsite, take a look at these policies that will help you maximize your weekend getaway at the speedway.
General Guidelines
Check-Out: 12:00PM | Check-In: 1:00PM
Late Check-Out Requests must be arranged by 10:00AM
QUIET TIME is enforced from 12:00AM (midnight) until 7:00AM.
Camping is permitted in designated campground spaces only. No overnight camping is permitted in open parking areas.
Photo ID must accompany camping credential and be presented when requested by Charlotte Motor Speedway officials/employees.
Camping Pass and Car Passes must be visible at all times affixed to windshield (during events) at all times. All vehicles must be approved at the cabin during Check-In.
Personal Golf Carts, low-speed vehicles, motorized bikes, motorized skateboards, etc. are prohibited.
One camping unit and one vehicle per site, unless the site is approved for dual parking by the campground hosts.
Vehicles All vehicles must be within the confines of the campsite and in the gravel. No vehicles may be parked in any of the grassy areas around the campground. Vehicles also may not be parked in an adjacent site as this may prevent another camper from checking into that site. A fee may apply to any vehicles caught parked in another site.
Towing All campers must be able to tow their camping unit at any time.
Trash must be placed in a receptacle or trash bag. Place your trash at end of campsite or in the dumpster, there will be one round of trash pick-up at each campground each day. A cleaning fee may apply for excessive trash left on your site.
Fires are only allowed if contained in an approved above ground container. Embers may not be left on site upon departure. A cleaning fee may apply for excessive trash left on your site.
Damages You will be held responsible for any damages to your campsite during your stay.
Pools No pools over 2 feet tall. If a pool is put on your site, it must be on the gravel and not in the grass. Any pool may be deemed unacceptable at CMS employees’ discretion.
"UAS" aka drones, are prohibited on Charlotte Motor Speedway Property.
Respect other campers’ privacy; do not walk through other campsites.
Firearms, dangerous weapons, or fireworks are strictly prohibited as specified by local authorities. Failure to comply will result in expulsion from the campground without refund and possible prosecution.
Sewer Adaptors are mandatory in the Camping World Racing Resort and are required to hook up to the septic system. If a sewer hose is left on the site or in the sewer hookups, a fee may apply for removal and/or cleaning of the site.
Any unauthorized items can be confiscated and held by Security until customer's departure.
Drink responsibly.
Please remember to be careful! You are responsible for your own safety.  Look out for natural hazards and dangers especially when you are in wooded areas.  Swimming is not permitted in any of the ponds, streams, or rivers located on or near Speedway property.
Camping is an outdoor experience; therefore, we do not give refunds due to discomforts of nature.
Generator Policy
Campers are required to turn generators off from 12 midnight until 7:00am.
Please be aware of all carbon monoxide dangers that can be harmful to you or other guests. Vehicle and generator exhaust must be expelled safely into roadways and not into adjacent campsites.
Anyone needing a generator for health issues must check in with the Campground Check in Trailer and speak with the Campground Hosts. Anyone requesting exception to this rule must have an approved "exhaust flow pipe" attached to their generator exhaust to vent the fumes upward and away from other campers in order to lessen the dangers of carbon monoxide.  This would apply to motor homes and units with very low decibel generators.
Units with high decibel generators or no exhaust flow pipe will be moved to another location in the campground by the Campground Hosts and Speedway security so as not to disturb other campers, keep them awake, and maintain safety for all.
Pet Policy
Campers are allowed to bring the family pet when visiting campgrounds at Charlotte Motor Speedway.  Pets are not permitted in the grandstand areas during race events.  To ensure the safety and enjoyment of all guests and campers, it is important that you read and abide by the following Pet Policy:
Aggressive dogs of any breed cannot enter or stay at CMS campgrounds. If your dog shows behavior that is protective and unfriendly to strangers, please leave it home. If you decide to bring your dog and it exhibits this type of behavior, CMS personnel will ask you to leave.
A LEASH RULE is in effect whenever the animal is outside the owner's camping trailer, vehicle, motorhome or tent - there are no exceptions. All dogs must be under the control and visual observation of their owner at all times. No dog can be left tied up and unattended outside the owner's camping equipment.
Campers must clean up after their pets and properly dispose of the waste; this rule applies at all times no matter where the pets relieve themselves in the campgrounds or parking areas. Please do not walk your pet through another camper's site or allow them to relieve themselves on someone else's site.
Allowing your pet to bark uncontrollably day or night will not be permitted and in such event, you may be asked to leave.
Service dogs are always welcome at all CMS campgrounds. However, these animals must follow leash restraint policies and may not exhibit aggressive behavior.
Pet Pens are allowed but the pet must still remain under constant supervision at all times.
Unauthorized Marketing
The users of this camping space are prohibited from conducting commerce or engaging in any marketing activities.  This prohibition includes, but is not limited to, the sale of goods, sampling, signage, surveying, food vending or any other activity that in the sole discretion of the staff of Charlotte Motor Speedway is deemed detrimental to the facility.  Violation of this policy will result in forfeiture of the camping space and any monies paid. Camping spaces may also not be used for advertising, promotion (including contests or sweepstakes) or trade purposes without the express written consent of Charlotte Motor Speedway.
Camping World Racing Resort Specific Guidelines
Check-Out: 12:00PM Check-In: 1:00PM
This campground is our only full hook-up campground that includes water, sewer and electrical (30A and 50A) hook-ups.
Sewer adapters are mandatory.
A bath house is on the property; please check-in to get the door code.
Wi-Fi is available.
GEICO Family Campground Specific Guidelines
Openly displayed alcoholic beverages are not permitted in our GEICO Family Campground.
This campground is family friendly, and activities determined unsuitable are up to the discretion of the Campground Host.
Infield Campground Specific Guidelines
Vehicle roofs and/or standing platform floors are subject to height restrictions: Charlotte Motor Speedway & NASCAR Race Control reserve the right to require any customer to lower and/or remove their campsite equipment. Any camping equipment above the listed height restriction is subject to modification according to the discretion of CMS and Race Control.
South Infield (Turns 1 & 2) 10 feet maximum depending on location
Tents, Vans, and very small campers only
Motorhomes, RVs, & 5th Wheels will not be permitted in south infield.
North Infield (Turns 3 & 4) 13.5 feet maximum
RVs only (Tents allowed only in specified area during All-Star weekend)
All fans and visitors must have an infield credential/wristband which must be displayed at all times and subject to inspection for re-entry.
Grandstand tickets are not acceptable for admission into the infield.
No skateboards, scooters, etc. of any kind are permitted in infield campground. Pedal bicycles will be allowed for ease of transportations.
No wagon races or other reckless activity that could cause serious injury are permitted.
No firewood, fire rings, or campfires permitted at anytime.
Vehicle roofs and/or standing platform floors are subject to height restrictions:
No grilling of any kind during race activities.
Charlotte Motor Speedway, LLC reserves the right to make adjustments/changes to Campground rules at their discretion, with or without notice.
Non-Event Time Camping Policies
1. Normal Non-Event Rates (as of November 3, 2020) All sites are full hook-up and contain 50, 30, and 20 Amp electricity, sewer and water hookups, a picnic table, and WiFi.
Back-In Sites (30’x50’, 20’x50’, or 20’x33’)
$30/night
$175/week
No Monthly Rate
Pull-Through Sites (30’x100’)
$35/night
$200/week
No Monthly Rate
2. Cancellation Policy: The following guidelines are used in determining eligibility for a refund for a NON-EVENT TIME CAMPING RESERVATION. The following does NOT apply to event-time reservations.
48 Hours or more notice: full refund of amount paid towards a reservation
Less than 48 Hours’ Notice: Full refund minus deposit
Day of Reservation: No refunds of any kind. You may be eligible for an account credit to be used in the future for NON-EVENT camping only.
Camping is an outdoor experience; therefore, we do not give refunds due to discomforts of nature.
We do not offer refunds if a camper decides to leave early unless we are given 48 hours’ notice of early departure.
3. Camping World Racing Resort is a privately-owned property and therefore policies may be altered at any time due to CMS Employee Discretion. We also reserve the right to ask any camper to leave our park if the campsite is not adhering to campground policies. No refund will be given for a camper who is asked to leave due to any kind of policy violation.
Featured Event
2021 Coca-Cola 600
Sunday, May 30, 2021
NASCAR Cup Series
Memorial Day weekend has never been more fun! Tickets to the Coca-Cola 600 -- the toughest test of man and machine -- and a spectacular, patriotic salute to our military heroes! Afterward, enjoy the 62nd running of the legendary Coca-Cola 600 at America's Home for Racing, Charlotte Motor Speedway.
Purchase Online
Weekend Package
1-800-455-FANS(3267)
More Info
© 2020 Speedway Motorsports, LLC
http://www.speedwaymotorsports.com
Dedicated Server Provided by Tier Point
Privacy Policy
Speedways
Atlanta Motor Speedway
Bristol Motor Speedway
Charlotte Motor Speedway
Kentucky Speedway
Las Vegas Motor Speedway
New Hampshire Motor Speedway
Sonoma Raceway
Texas Motor Speedway
Business
FundRacing
Internships
Group Sales and Hospitality
Corporate Partnership
Speedway Children's Charities
Event Staff
Media
News
Photos
Videos
Pit Notes
PRN
Past Winners
Stay Connected
Join race fans around the world who receive race updates, promotions and special offers from Charlotte Motor Speedway
Email Address
Join