http://www.acgreen.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy PolicyThis privacy statement covers all web sites owned and/or operated by A.C. Green Youth Foundation.  Because this Web site wants to demonstrate its commitment to our users’ privacy, it has agreed to disclose its information practices.
What personally identifiable information A.C. Green Youth Foundation collects.
What personally identifiable information third parties collect through the Web site.
What organization collects the information.
How A.C. Green Youth Foundation uses the information.
With whom A.C. Green Youth Foundation may share user information.
What choices are available to users regarding collection, use and distribution of the information.
What types of security procedures are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under A.C. Green Youth Foundation control.
How users can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
If users have questions or concerns regarding this statement, they should first contact should call 1-800-AC-YOUTH.
Information Collection and Use
Information Collection
A.C. Green Youth Foundation is the sole owner of the information collected on www.acgreen.com. A.C. Green Youth Foundation collects information from our users at several different points on our Web site.
Registration
In order to use portions of this Web site, a user must first complete the registration form.  During registration a user is required to give contact information (such as name and email address). We use this information to contact the user about services on our site for which he has expressed interest.
Order
If you choose to place orders or make donations using the PayPal service, payment data will be stored by them in accordance with their policies.
Information Use
Profile
We do not sell or otherwise share your data with non-ACGYF affiliated / contract organizations. It is not authorized for use by any outside third party for any form of fundraising or solicitation.
We store information that we collect through cookies, log files, clear gifs, and/or third parties to create a profile of our users.  A profile is stored information that we keep on individual users that details their viewing preferences.  Consequently, collected information is tied to the user's personally identifiable information to provide offers and improve the content of the site for the user. This profile is used to tailor a user’s visit to our Web site, and to direct pertinent information to them.  Your profile maybe shared in aggregate form only.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s computer tied to information about the user.  We use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies.   A persistent cookie is a small text file stored on the user’s hard drive for an extended period of time. Persistent cookies can be removed by following Internet browser help file directions.
By setting a cookie on our site, users would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site.  If users reject the cookie, they may still use our site.  The only drawback to this is that the user will be limited in some areas of our site.  Persistent cookies enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site.  See the “Profile” section.
Log Files
Like most standard Web site servers we use log files.  This includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
Clear Gifs (Web Beacons/Web Bugs)
We employ (or our third party affiliated contractors employ) a software technology called clear gifs (a.k.a. Web Beacons/Web Bugs), that help us better manage content on our site by informing us what content is effective.  Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of Web users. The main difference between the two is that clear gifs are invisible on the page and are much smaller, about the size of the period at the end of this sentence.
Clear Gifs can "work with" existing cookies on a computer if they are both from the same Web site or organization.  That means, for example, that if a person visited “www.companyX.com”, which uses an advertising company's clear gif, the Web site (or advertising company) would match the clear gif's identifier and the advertising company's cookie ID number, to show the past online behavior for that computer. This collected information would then be given to the advertising company (or Web site).
In addition, we may use clear gifs in our HTML-based emails to let us know which emails have been opened by the recipients.  This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications and the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns.  If you would like to opt-out of these emails, please see the Opt-out section.
Communications from the Site
Special Offers and Updates
We may send all new members a welcoming email. Established members will occasionally receive information on products, services, urgent issues, and our newsletter. Out of respect for the privacy of our users you may opt to not receive these types of communications. Please see the Choice and Opt-out sections.
Newsletter
If a user wishes to subscribe to our newsletter or other information sources, we ask for contact information such as name and email address.  Out of respect for our users privacy you may opt-out of these communications.  Please see the Choice and Opt-out sections.
Service Announcements
It may become necessary to send out a strictly service-related announcement.  For instance, if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance we might send users an email.  Generally, users may not opt-out of these communications, although they can deactivate their account.
Customer Service
We communicate with users on a regular basis to provide requested services and in regards to issues relating to their account we reply via email or phone, in accordance with the user's wishes.
Sharing
Legal Disclaimer
Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process.
Aggregate Information (non-personally identifiable)
We may share aggregated demographic information with others.  This is not linked to any personally identifiable information.
These are the instances in which we will share users’ personal information:
We may share personal information as follows:
Third Party Intermediaries
We may use an outside shipping company to ship orders, and a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
Service Providers
We may partner with other third parties to provide specific services.  When the user signs up for these particular services, we may share names, or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services.  These third parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.
Business Transitions
In the event AC Green Youth Foundation goes through a business transition, such as a merger, being acquired by another company, or selling a portion of its assets, users’ personal information will, in most instances, be part of the assets transferred.
Choice/Opt-out
Our users are given the opportunity to ‘opt-out’ of having their information used for purposes not directly related to our site at the point where we ask for information.  For example, our contact form has an ‘opt-out’ mechanism so donors who don’t want any optional material can keep their email address off of our lists. Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter and informational communications may opt-out of receiving these communications Users of our site are generally notified when their information is being collected by any outside parties.  We do this so our users can make an informed choice as to whether or not they should proceed with services that require an outside party.
Links
This Web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we, A.C. Green Youth Foundation, are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites.  We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information.  This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Surveys
From time-to-time our site may request information from users via surveys.  Participation in these surveys is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information.  The requested information typically includes contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code).  Survey information generally will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Chat Rooms, Message Boards, and Public Forums
Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online - for example on message boards, through e-mail, or in chat areas - that information can be collected and used by others. In short, by posting personal information online that is publicly accessible, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return.
Notification of Changes
If we change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
Agreement to Terms
By your use of this site, you hereby agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and consent to the collection and use of information as discussed in this Privacy Policy.  ACGREEN.COM reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time.  If we decide to change the Privacy Policy, we will post any changes on this website.  Any such changes shall be effective upon posting on the website. By accessing the site following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy, you agree to all such changes.
By your use of this site, you also hereby agree to the full Terms and Conditions of the site, which are incorporated into this Privacy Policy by reference.  Please carefully review the full Terms and Conditions at the following link.
Terms and Conditions
Contacting Us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, or any requests for access to or changes to information about you, please contact us either at the e-mail or mailing address provided below:
A.C. GREEN YOUTH FOUNDATION904 Silver Spur Rd., Ste. # 416Rolling Hills, CA 90274 1.800.AC.YOUTH310.465.1470 (phone)310.465.1471 (fax)info@ACGREEN.com
Share this:Share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window)Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)Click to print (Opens in new window)
Get in touch
A.C. Green Youth Foundation
904 Silver Spur Rd., Ste. # 416         Rolling Hills, CA 90274
1.800.AC.Youth
310.465.1470 (phone)
info@acgreen.com
Our Mission To serve both youth and the communities in which they live by providing information about sexual abstinence and social issues that concern our young people and educating them to make responsible choices to prepare them for their future.
Social Media A.C. Green Youth Foundation:
A.C. Green:
Search
Search for:
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Cancel
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.