http://www.ehswrestling.com/ehs-wrestling-terms-of-use/
Terms of Use for EHS Wrestling
Summary: You are able to use this site when following all the applicable terms of use, which are subject to change at any time for any reason without prior consent.
Item 1:
Welcome to EHS Wrestling. When responding to us or answering us, you acknowledge that all comments, submissions, and disclosure between EHS Wrestling and you will be through the site and will remain property of EHS Wrestling.
General:
We retain the right to change the rules governing this site at any time for any reason. Your use of this site following any change is the responsibility of you, and EHS Wrestling, LLC, will not be held accountable for any liabilities that occur.
Copyrights, Trademarks, and other Intellectual Property Rights
Unless otherwise noted, all materials, not limited to images, illustrations, designs, icons, photographs, and written and other materials are part of the site, and belong to EHS Wrestling, LLC, and to its respective owners. Trademarks, service marks, product names, and company names or logos on the site are the property of the respective owners. Any use of such trademarks without the written permission of EHS Wrestling, LLC, is strictly prohibited.
All materials on the site are intended solely for personal, noncommercial use. You may download or copy the downloadable materials displayed on the site for your personal use only. No right, title or interest in any downloaded material or software is transferred to you as a result of downloading or copying. You may not reproduce, transmit, send, or take part in any activity that leads to sales or money being involved, either directly or indirectly. You are not allowed to exploit the use of this site, whether it be to publish the same material or sell this material or make derivatives of the material published on this site.
Right to use Copyrights and Trademarks
You represent and warrant to EHS Wrestling, LLC, that you have the unrestricted right to use, copy, and distribute each copyright, trademark, and logo in a manner that is solely for personal use without any commercial benefit. You warrant that when purchasing material or consuming material from this site, you are doing so in a legal manner.
The burden of determining that any material on this site is not trademark or copyrighted or under proprietary rights rests solely with you. You are responsible for obtaining all appropriate paperwork and legal documents that are needed to prevent you from liability, and you remove any liability from EHS Wrestling, LLC.
Accuracy of Colors:
We have made every effort to display as accurate as possible the colors and/or graphics of our products that appear on the site, and we will not guarantee that your monitor’s display of the product and how you will receive it will be accurate. We have no liability in the variances between the appearance of colors and/or graphics displayed on your monitor and on any finished product purchased by you.
Duties, Taxes, and Licenses:
All duties, taxes, and licenses incurred while shopping at EHS Wrestling are your sole responsibility.
Legal Compliance:
You shall use EHS Wrestling for godly and lawful purposes only.
Warranty and Disclaimer:
You acknowledte that you use the site AT YOUR OWN SOLE RISK. EHS Wrestling is not responsible or liable for any misfortunes that may be brought upon by the use of this site. Our liability to you, if any, shall not exceed the total of the invoice for services provided up to 5% more for the time involved for the product under dispute at the time of purchase.
Indemnification:
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold EHS Wrestling, EHS Wrestling, LLC, and all respective parties against all damages and claims.
Governing Law:
EHS Wrestling is controlled by EHS Wrestling, LLC, in the United States. The laws governing the United States will govern all terms, conditions, and disclaimers on the site.
Post navigation
About EHS WrestlingFrequently Asked Questions
Search for:
Recent Posts
Wrestling Tips
Archives
May 2017
Categories
Intro to Wrestling
Search for:
Pages
About EHS Wrestling
EHS Wrestling – Terms of Use
Frequently Asked Questions
Privacy Statement
Recent Posts
Wrestling Tips