https://www.nhl.com/capitals/team/privacy-policy
Skip to Main Content
The Official Site of the Washington Capitals
Tickets
TICKET OPTIONS
Single Game Tickets
2020-21 Season Tickets
Partial & Flex Plans
Military & First Responders
Penalty Box Packs
VIP Seating
Group Tickets
Tickets for Business
NHL Ticket Exchange
Account Manager
TICKET & ARENA INFO
Capital One Arena Suites
Digital Ticketing
Digital Ticketing Assistant
3D Seating Chart
Capital One Arena Discounts
Capital One Arena Info
Team
Team
In the System
Roster
Staff Directory
Coaching Staff
Management
Capitals History
Equipment & Training Staff
Monumental Sports & Entertainment
MedStar Capitals Iceplex
Employment Opportunities
Capitals Alumni
News
News
Capitals News
Community News
Capitals Gameday
Ted's Take
Capitals Today
Dump 'N Chase
Video
Video
Caps Off the Ice
Rinkside Update
Coach's Corner
Two-Man Advantage
Caps Game Entertainment
NHL.tv
Schedule
Schedule
Capitals Schedule
Practice Schedule
Third Jersey Schedule
Promotions and Theme Nights
College Series Nights
Special Group Nights
Download and Sync Schedule
Add Schedule to Devices
Promo Schedule
Listen
Stats
Stats
Standings
Player Stats
Game Log
2019-2020 Media Guide
Team Comparison Stats
Fan Zone
Fan Zone
Caps on Social
GIF Library
Caps Mobile App
Ice Chips E-News
LED Board Announcements
Slapshot
Caps Canines
Caps Kids Club
Scarlet Caps
Getting to the Game
Caps on Smart Home Devices
Capitals Podcasts
15 Seconds of Fame
Meet Captain
Club Red 365
Club Red 365
2020-21 Renewals
Club Red 365 VIP Membership
Club Red 365 Events
Capitals Fan Assist
Community
Community
ALL CAPS At Home
#CapsCare
Community Programs
Community News
Stick with Fitness
50/50 Raffle
Capitals Auctions on Handbid
#CapsFightCancer
MSE Foundation
Community FAQ
Caps License Plates
BeMonumental.org
Local Hockey
Local Hockey
Local Hockey
Learn To Play
AAA Mites on Ice
Recreational Hockey
Watch AAA Mites on Ice
Rink Partners
Shop
Shop
Official Capitals Online Store
Official Team Stores
NHL Auctions
Teams
Eastern Conference
Atlantic
Boston
Buffalo
Detroit
Florida
Montréal
Ottawa
Tampa Bay
Toronto
Metropolitan
Carolina
Columbus
New Jersey
NY Islanders
NY Rangers
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Washington
Western Conference
Central
Chicago
Colorado
Dallas
Minnesota
Nashville
St. Louis
Winnipeg
Pacific
Anaheim
Arizona
Calgary
Edmonton
Los Angeles
San Jose
Vancouver
Vegas
Seattle
Coming 2021-2022 Season
Privacy Policy
This privacy statement is applicable to WashingtonCaps.com and all its affiliates.
The Washington Capitals policy is to respect and protect the privacy of our users.
The Washington Capitals do not collect personally identifiable information about individuals except when such individuals specifically provide such information on a voluntary basis. For example, such personally identifiable information may be gathered from a contest or sweepstakes registration, the registration process for subscription sites or services and in connection with content submissions, community postings (e.g., chat and bulletin boards), suggestions, voting/polling activities and transactional areas.
Personally identifiable information on individual users will not be sold or otherwise transferred to unaffiliated third parties without the approval of the user at the time of collection. At such points of collection, the user will have the opportunity to indicate whether he or she would like to "opt out" of receiving promotional and/or marketing information about other products, services and offerings from the Washington Capitals and/or any third parties. Further, notwithstanding any opt out of promotional information by the user, the Washington Capitals reserve the right to contact a subscriber regarding account status, changes to the subscriber agreement and other matters relevant to the underlying service and/or the information collected.
The Washington Capitals may disclose user information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) Washington Capitals' rights or property, other Washington Capitals users, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. The Washington Capitals may disclose user information when we believe in good faith that the law requires it.
The Washington Capitals reserve the right to perform statistical analyses of user behavior and characteristics in order to measure interest in and use of the various areas of the site and to inform advertisers of such information as well as the number of users that have been exposed to or clicked on their advertising banners. The Washington Capitals will provide only aggregated data from these analyses to third parties. Also, users should be aware that the Washington Capitals may sometimes permit third parties to offer subscription and/or registration-based services through a Washington Capitals site. The Washington Capitals are not responsible for any actions or policies of such third parties and users should check the applicable privacy policy of such party when providing personally identifiable information.
Additionally, users should be aware that when they voluntarily disclose personally identifiable information (e.g., user name, e-mail address) on the bulletin boards or in the chat areas of the Washington Capitals sites, that information, along with any substantive information disclosed in the user's communication, can be collected and correlated and used by third parties and may result in unsolicited messages from other posters or third parties. Such activities are beyond the control of the Washington Capitals.
Users also should be aware that non-personal information and data may be automatically collected through the standard operation of the Washington Capitals' internet servers or through the use of "cookies." Cookies are small text files a web site can use to recognize repeat users, facilitate the user's ongoing access to and use of the site and allow a site to track usage behavior and compile aggregate data that will allow content improvements and targeted advertising. Cookies are not programs that come onto a user's system and damage files. Generally, cookies work by assigning a unique number to the user that has no meaning outside the assigning site. Users should be aware that the Washington Capitals cannot control the use of cookies or the resulting information by advertisers or third parties hosting data for the Washington Capitals. If a user does not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows the user to deny or accept the cookie feature; however, users should note that cookies may be necessary to provide the user with certain features (e.g., customized delivery of information) available on the Washington Capitals Site.
Upon request, the Washington Capitals will allow any user to "opt out" of further promotional contacts at any time. Additionally upon request, the Washington Capitals will use reasonable efforts to allow users to update/correct personal information previously submitted which the user states is erroneous to the extent such activities will not compromise privacy or security interests. Also, upon a user's request, the Washington Capitals will use commercially reasonable efforts to functionally delete the user and his or her personal information from its database; however, it may be impossible to delete a user's entry without some residual information because of backups and records of deletions.
The foregoing policies are effective as of January, 1999. The Washington Capitals reserve the right to change this policy at any time by notifying users of the existence of a new privacy statement. This statement and the policies outlined herein are not intended to and do not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party.
By using this site, you signify your assent to the Washington Capitals' Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our sites. Your continued use of the Washington Capitals sites following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.
None of NHL ICE, NHL Enterprises, L.P., NHL Enterprises Canada, L.P., NHL Enterprises B.V., the National Hockey League and its other member clubs, nor any of their respective officers, directors, governors, owners, other officials, partners, partnerships, principals, employees, affiliates and other related entities, servants, agents, representatives, successors and assigns, have any control of, or responsibility or liability for, our use, disclosure, storage or transmission of any information collected through our websites.If you have questions or concerns regarding this Web site's privacy statement, you should first contact the company via email at Caps Info.