http://www.cycloneshockey.com/terms-of-service
Cincinnati Cyclones
Tickets
Schedule
Menu
Cincinnati Cyclones
Tickets
Single Game Tickets Season Tickets Ticket Specials Groups Business Packages Suites Seat Viewer Fundraising Fan Zam My Tickets
Schedule
News
Team News Stats Standings
Team
Roster / Coaches Staff Twister Puckchop Affiliates Buffalo Sabres (NHL) Rochester Americans (AHL)
Media
Watch / Listen Online Downloads Video Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram
Game Day Info
Venue Info Getting Here
Community
In The Community Frozen 5K Field Trips Scouts Kids Club Donation Requests Sponsors Cincinnati Cyclones Foundation
Rewards
Cyclones Rewards How To Play Cyclones Mobile App
Shop
Mobile App Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube
Terms Of Service Welcome to cycloneshockey.com. Please read these terms of use carefully as this is a contract between us. By using this Website (as defined below), you ACCEPT ALL TERMS, conditions and responsibilities of this agreement in exchange for our agreement to provide you with the information, news, videos, music, content, and other benefits of visiting the Website(s).
1. Introduction Unless otherwise stated, these terms of use apply to users of this Website ("Website"). In this agreement, the term Website includes all websites and web pages within the Website as well as any equivalent, mirror, replacement, substitute, redirected or backup websites and web pages thereto and thereof. Please also review the terms of our Privacy Policy which forms part of these Terms of Use. Your use of this Website are subject to these Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and any other terms, conditions or restrictions set forth within any of the materials provided on the Website. You agree to the Terms of Use by accessing this Website and/or by accepting any information from this Website. If you do not agree with any of these Terms of Use, do not use this Website. Arena Management Holdings, LLC reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to modify, alter or otherwise change the Terms of Use at any time. Please check these Terms of Use periodically for changes. By using this Website after any changes to these Terms of Use are posted, you are indicating your acceptance of those changes. Arena Management Holdings, LLC assumes (and by using this Website you warrant that) you have legal capacity to enter into the agreement set out in theses Terms of Use. Arena Management Holdings, LLC will assume (and by using this Website you warrant that) you have legal capacity to enter into the agreement set out in these Terms of Use.
This agreement does not cover your rights or responsibilities with respect to third party content, sites or any links that may direct your browser or your connection to third party sites or pages. You shall be responsible and shall indemnify Arena Management Holdings, LLC for any claims related to such activities. This is the entire and exclusive agreement between you and Arena Management Holdings, LLC regarding use of the Website and it cannot be modified, except as specifically described herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any downloadable widget, computer software, player, or other downloadable files linked from the Website may or may not be under our control and you assume the full responsibility and legal responsibility with respect to any downloaded media, content, files, music, artwork, information, text, or photographs (collectively, "Materials") located or found on the Website. All Materials contained and existing on the Website are protected by United States and international copyright law, and other federal and international laws.
This Website is offered and made available only to users 13 years of age or older. If you are not yet 13 years old, please discontinue using this Website immediately. If, for any reason, you do not agree with all of the terms and conditions contained herein, please discontinue using the Website immediately.
The Website and the information contained in reference herein are for informational and entertainment purposes only. Despite our efforts to provide useful and accurate information, errors may appear from time to time. Before you act on information you've found on the Website, you should confirm any facts that are important to your decision. You may print material from the Website for personal or educational purposes only, and you must include any copyright notice originally included with the Materials in all copies. (Please refer to the Copyright and Trademark Notice below). You may not modify or use the Materials for any other purpose without our express written consent. You may not reproduce, republish, post, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, or distribute in print or electronically any Material published or provided on this Website.
This Website and its information providers make no warranty as to the reliability, accuracy, timeliness, usefulness or completeness of the information on the Website. Arena Management Holdings, LLC is not responsible for, and cannot guarantee the performance of, the goods and services provided by our advertisers or others to whose websites we link, or the promotions or events promoted by the advertisers or sponsor who promote such events.
2. Ownership of Intellectual Property All Website software, design, text, images, music files, photographs, illustrations, audio and video material, artwork, graphic material, database, proprietary information and all copyrightable or otherwise legally protectible elements of the Website including, without limitation, the selection, sequence and "look and feel" and arrangement of items, (individually and/or collectively "Material"), are the property of Arena Management Holdings, LLC, its affiliates, licensors, artists, labels, clients, advertisers, sponsors, or suppliers and are legally protected, without limitation, under the U.S. federal and state laws, as well as applicable foreign laws, regulations and treaties. Arena Management Holdings, LLC may add, change, discontinue, remove or suspend any of the Material at any time, without notice and without liability. Any reproduction, copying or redistribution of the Materials or design elements of the Website for any purpose are strictly prohibited without the express written consent of Arena Management Holdings, LLC or its owner if Arena Management Holdings, LLC is not the owner. This prohibition includes, without limitation, the reposting of RSS feeds of the Website or any portion thereof on other websites for any purpose whatsoever. Decompiling, reverse engineering, disassembling or otherwise reducing the code used in any software on this Website into a readable form in order to examine the construction of such software and/or to copy or create other products based (in whole or in part) on such software, is prohibited.
3. Copyright & Trademark Notice and Agent This Website is the copyright of Arena Management Holdings, LLC and its licensors, all rights reserved.
Pursuant to the terms of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, Arena Management Holdings, LLC has designated a Copyright Agent to receive notice of claims of copyright infringement on the Website. Arena Management Holdings, LLC's Copyright Agent may be reached at:
Arena Management Holdings, LLC Attn: General Counsel 100 Broadway Cincinnati, OH 45202 info@cycloneshockey.com
Pursuant to Title 17, United States Code, Section 512(c)(3), if you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement please promptly provide a written communication to the Copyright Agent the following information:
(a) an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest; (b) a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed; (c) a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the Website; (d) your address, telephone number and e-mail address; (e) a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law; and (f) a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are either the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.
4. Links This Website may contain links to other websites ("Linked Sites"). The Linked Sites are not under the control of Arena Management Holdings, LLC and Arena Management Holdings, LLC is not responsible for the contents of the Linked Sites. Arena Management Holdings, LLC provides any Linked Sites to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any such Linked Sites is not an endorsement by Arena Management Holdings, LLC in favor of any company offering Internet services, products or services on the Linked Sites.
5. No Solicitation You agree not to use the Website to advertise or to solicit anyone to buy or sell products or services or to make donations of any kind without the express written approval of Arena Management Holdings, LLC.
6. No Spamming Users of this Website may include chat rooms, forums and/or other public-posting areas and users may post their e-mail addresses in those public areas. In the event such posting are made, you agree not to utilize these e-mail addresses for purposes of spamming (i.e., unsolicited e-mail).
7. Chat Rooms, Bulletin Boards, Other Forums Arena Management Holdings, LLC will not and cannot review every posting that may be made on the website Arena Management Holdings, LLC will not endorse or guarantee the accuracy of any posting regardless of whether the posting comes from a user, from a celebrity or "expert" guest or from a member of Arena Management Holdings, LLC's staff. Arena Management Holdings, LLC will not be responsible for any material posted in any chat room or on any bulletin board or forum and will not be responsible or liable to any person or entity for any loss, damage (whether actual, consequential, punitive or otherwise), injury, claim, liability or other cause of any kind or character based upon or resulting from any material provided through this Website.
Arena Management Holdings, LLC shall have the right but not the obligation to monitor, from time to time, the content of the Website including, without limitation, the chat room, bulletin boards and forums to determine compliance with this Agreement and any operating rules established by Arena Management Holdings, LLC and to satisfy any law, regulation or authorized government request. Arena Management Holdings, LLC shall have the right in its sole and absolute discretion to edit, refuse to post or remove any material submitted to or posted on the Website.
By using the Website, you agree not to post any content which libels, defames, invades privacy or is indecent, obscene, pornographic, abusive, threatening, illegal, solicits gambling or engages in any gambling activity, contains a virus or other harmful component, infringes on the ability of others to enjoy the Website or that infringes on the rights of others including, without limitation, any intellectual property rights of any entity or person, impersonates or misrepresents your connection to any other entity or person or otherwise manipulates headers or identifiers to disguise the origin of the content, contains links to other sites that contain the kind of content which falls within the description set out above. Arena Management Holdings, LLC reserves the right to delete, move or edit any content and refuse access to anyone who Arena Management Holdings, LLC believes in its sole and absolute discretion has violated these terms or any other term of this Agreement. You hereby waive any and all rights you may have with respect to the alteration, modification or removal of any such content. Arena Management Holdings, LLC additionally reserves the right to terminate this Agreement against any further use of any person or entity who violates any term of this Agreement. If Arena Management Holdings, LLC receives a request to disclose the identities of users who post content to the Website and if Arena Management Holdings, LLC discloses the identify of a user pursuant to the Terms of Use or Arena Management Holdings, LLC's Privacy Policy, you understand and agree that we may do so and you waive all rights in connection therewith.
By submitting material to the Website, you are representing that you are the owner of the material or are making your submission with the express consent of the owner. Submitting material that is the property of another, without the consent of its owner, is not only a violation of this Agreement but may also subject you to legal liability for copyright, trademark or other intellectual property infringement.
All material you submit to the Website, including e-mails, becomes the sole and exclusive property of Arena Management Holdings, LLC. Arena Management Holdings, LLC may reproduce, distribute, display, exhibit and otherwise exploit that material in all markets and media now known or hereafter devised throughout the Universe in perpetuity without payment of any compensation or other consideration to you. You hereby waive all moral rights you may have in and to that material. Arena Management Holdings, LLC does not consider any material you submit to the Website to be confidential or proprietary.
8. Promotions and Contests The Website may, from time to time, contain sweepstakes and other contests and promotions that require you to send material or information about yourself. Those sweepstakes, contests or promotions may be governed by a separate set of rules that may have eligibility requirements. It is your responsibility to read such rules to determine whether your participation, registration and/or entry are valid. You agree to read and comply with such rules before entering any sweepstakes, contest or promotion on this Website.
9. Membership and registration Certain areas of this Website may require you to register or ask you to provide information to participate in certain features or access certain content. Your decision to provide that information is purely optional. If you elect not to provide that information, however, you may not be able to access that area, feature or content. If you elect to provide that information, you agree to provide information that is true and accurate. You may also be required to choose a user name and password. It is your responsibility alone to ensure the confidentiality of that name and password. You agree not to register under the name of any other person. Arena Management Holdings, LLC reserves the right to reject any user name that is, in Arena Management Holdings, LLC's sole and absolute judgment, offensive. You agree to notify Arena Management Holdings, LLC of any unauthorized use of your user name and/or password. You must be at least 13 years old to register on the Website.
10. Purchase of merchandise In the event any merchandise or services are offered for sale via this Website which are listed at an incorrect price or contain other incorrect information, Arena Management Holdings, LLC shall have the absolute right to refuse or cancel any order placed for such merchandise or services and Arena Management Holdings, LLC is released from liability for same. Your only remedy is to return to Arena Management Holdings, LLC or a third party offering that merchandise for a refund, at Arena Management Holdings, LLC's or the third party's sole discretion.
11. Submissions Arena Management Holdings, LLC welcomes your comments but does not accept unsolicited submissions for programming, Websites and other products and we cannot review your submissions. Arena Management Holdings, LLC has adopted this policy to avoid misunderstandings about projects Arena Management Holdings, LLC develops which may appear to be similar to someone else's idea, suggestion or material. If you choose to submit material to Arena Management Holdings, LLC despite this request not to submit ideas for programming, Websites and other products, Arena Management Holdings, LLC will not treat any submission as confidential. Arena Management Holdings, LLC will not be liable for any use or disclosure of that submission to any third party and/or for loss of any material submitted and may use it for any purpose. By submitting material to this Website you acknowledge that the material may be identical with or similar to themes, plots, ideas, formats or other elements that Arena Management Holdings, LLC has independently developed or that has or may come to Arena Management Holdings, LLC from other sources. You represent and warrant that the submission is wholly original to you and its use will not violate the rights, common law or otherwise, of any kind or nature whatsoever of any third party or entity. Any submission will become the sole property of Arena Management Holdings, LLC and will not be returned to you and Arena Management Holdings, LLC shall not be required to respond to any submission received. You agree that you are not entitled to any compensation by reason of Arena Management Holdings, LLC's use of similar or identical material.
12. Disclaimer and release of liability YOU AGREE THAT USE OF THIS WEBSITE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" AND YOU VISIT THE WEBSITE AT YOUR SOLE RISK. NEITHER Arena Management Holdings, LLC, ITS AFFILIATES, NOR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SHAREHOLDERS, THIRD PARTY CONTENT PROVIDERS OR LICENSORS WARRANT THAT THE WEBSITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE; NOR DO THEY MAKE ANY WARRANT AS TO THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM USE OF THE WEBSITE OR AS TO THE ACCURACY, RELIABILITY OR CONTENT OF ANY INFORMATION, SERVICE OR MERCHANDISE PROVIDED THROUGH THE WEBSITE. Arena Management Holdings, LLC DOES NOT REPRESENT NOR WARRANT THAT THE WEBSITE WILL BE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. YOU ARE SOLELY RESONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM ANY MATERIAL AND/OR DATA DOWNLOADED FROM OR OTHERWISE PROVIDED THORUGH THE WEBSITE.
Arena Management Holdings, LLC DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF TITLE OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABLITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE FOR ANY INFORMATION, PRODUCT OR SERVICE OFFERED ON THIS WEBSITE.
Arena Management Holdings, LLC IS NOT LIABLE FOR ANY INJURY ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS WEBSITE INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR SIMILAR DAMAGES EVEN IF WE ARE ADVISED BEFOREHAND OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. Arena Management Holdings, LLC IS NOT LIABLE FOR THE DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF OTHER USERS OR THIRD PARTIES AND THAT THE RISK OF INJURY FROM THE FOREGOING RESTS ENTIRELY WITH YOU. YOU AGREE THAT Arena Management Holdings, LLC'S LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF ANY KIND OF LEGAL CLAIM IN ANY WAY CONNECTED TO THIS WEBSITE SHALL NOT EXCEED THE AMOUNT YOU PAID TO Arena Management Holdings, LLC FOR THE USE OF THE WEBSITE.
13. Indemnification You agree, at all times, to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Arena Management Holdings, LLC, its respective affiliates and licensors and each of their respective directors, officers, employees, shareholders and agents from and against any and all claims, losses, actions, liabilities, damages, injuries, costs and expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys' fees, disbursements and court costs) arising out of, directly or indirectly, any use you make of the Website or your use of material on the Website and any violation by you of these Terms of Use. You agree not to take any action that interferes with the proper working of the Website, imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the Website's infrastructure, might compromise the security of the Website, render the Website inaccessible to others or otherwise cause damage to the Website or any content in the Website.
14. Governing Law This Website originates from and is maintained in the United States of America. This Agreement has been made in and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Kentucky. You consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in Covington, Kentucky in all disputes arising out of or relating to this Agreement or use of this Website without regard to conflict of laws or choice of law principles. This Agreement shall not be governed by the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods. Any cause of action you may have with respect to your use of this Website must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises and you hereby expressly waive any right you may have under applicable federal, state or local statutes of limitations. Arena Management Holdings, LLC makes no representations regarding the legality of access to or use of the Website or the materials contained herein from other countries. Access in countries where the materials contained herein are illegal is prohibited. Users who access the Website from outside the United States do so at their own risk.
15. Severability If any portion of this Agreement is found to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other portion of this Agreement which shall remain in full force and affect.
16. Entire Agreement This Agreement, the Privacy Policy, and any rules for the Website established by Arena Management Holdings, LLC constitutes the entire agreement between the parties concerning the subject matter hereof and supersedes all previous written or oral agreements between the parties with respect to that subject matter.
17. Headings The paragraph headings used herein are for convenience only and shall not be used to limit any portion of this Agreement.
18. SMS
Subscribers to our service alert system have opted-in to receive text alerts from one or more of the following short codes:  24411, 444999, and/or 36546 concerning (description of mobile program).
Subscribers must express an interest to receive text messages from Licensee/Sub-Licensee. Only opted-in Mobile Subscribers receive alerts from the Licensee/Sub-Licensee. Such text messages shall consist of (more details on description of mobile program).
All text messages sent to you are at standard rate.  Other charges may apply.  Message fees may apply, based on the type of text messaging program you have with your carrier.  We shall not assess additional fees.
CARRIERS CURRENTLY SUPPORTED:  AT&T, T-Mobile, Verizon, Sprint, Nextel, Boost, Alltel, Virgin, Cellular South, US Cellular, Cellcom, Alaska Communications Systems (ACS), Appalachian Wireless (EKN), Bluegrass Cellular, Cellular One of East Central IL (ECIT), Cellular One of Northeast Pennsylvania, Cincinnati Bell Wireless, Cricket, Coral Wireless (Mobi PCS), COX, Cross, Element Mobile (Flat Wireless), Epic Touch (Elkhart Telephone), GCI, Golden State, Hawkeye (Chat Mobility), Hawkeye (NW Missouri), Illinois Valley Cellular, Inland Cellular, iWireless (Iowa Wireless), Keystone Wireless (Immix Wireless/PC Man), MetroPCS, Mosaic (Consolidated or CTC Telecom), Nex-Tech Wireless, NTelos, Panhandle Communications, Pioneer, Plateau (Texas RSA 3 Ltd), Revol, RINA, Simmetry (TMP Corporation), Thumb Cellular, Union Wireless, United Wireless, Viaero Wireless, and West Central (WCC or 5 Star Wireless).
HOW TO GET HELP:  For more information you can reach us at:  info@cycloneshockey.com or 513-421-4111. From your mobile phone you can get also get help information at any time by sending the text "HELP" to the short code to which you are subscribed.  You shall receive a standard rate message from our service with information on the program you have subscribed to, Msg&Data Rates Apply, our website, email address and/or phone number and how to opt-out of our text messaging program.
HOW TO OPT-IN:  You can send in an Opt-In keyword to 444999, complete an Opt-In webform, sign written authorization, respond to an IVR prompt or give verbal authorization to a representative of Licensee/Sub-Licensee. Depending on the method of opt-in after indicating your interest in opting-in you shall then be sent a text message requesting confirmation that you seek to opt in and providing you with contact and program information.   You must reply YES or Y from your mobile device to complete the opt-in. If your carrier does not permit these alerts, you shall not receive text message alerts from the (business description).
HOW TO OPT-OUT:  To opt-out of our mobile program you can text "STOP" to 24411, 444999 or 36546 from your mobile phone and you shall automatically be unsubscribed from our service. You shall receive a confirmation that you successfully unsubscribed but shall not receive any additional messages until you opt-in again.
WARRANTY: We are not liable for any delays in the receipt of any SMS messages connected with this program. Delivery of SMS messages is subject to effective transmission from your wireless service provider or network operator.
PRIVACY POLICY:  We respect your privacy. We shall not share or use your mobile number for any purpose other than to send you (program description) text messages as described here.  We shall only use information you provide to transmit your text message. However, we may always disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any law, regulation or governmental request, to avoid liability, or to protect our rights or property. When you complete forms online or otherwise provide us information in connection with this text-messaging service, you agree to provide accurate, complete and true information. You agree not to use a false or misleading name or a name that you are not authorized to use. If we, in our sole discretion, believe that any such information is untrue, inaccurate or incomplete, we may refuse you access to this service and pursue any appropriate legal remedies.
More Than Just A Game Download the Cyclones app & join Cyclones Rewards to get exclusive access, earn points, & win prizes!
Download Today
'Clones Tickets
Buy Now