http://www.carolinaoutfitters.com/privacy-policy/
About
Rafting
Nantahala Rafting
Ocoee Rafting
Activites
Fishing
Gem Mining
Horseback Riding
Train Tours
Nature Float Trip
Visit Local Attractions
Photos
Reservations
Vacation Rentals
Privacy Policy
Using this site means you accept its terms.
Please read the disclaimer (below) before you begin. In this service, a portion of the links may have been used without the author\'s permission. Please let us know if you have linked to something and you would like it removed.
Privacy Promise for Customers
While information is the cornerstone of our ability to provide superior service, our most important asset is our customers\' trust. Keeping customer information secure, and using it only as our customers would want us to, is a top priority for all of us at Carolina Outfitters Inc..
Here, then is our promise to our individual customers:
We will safeguard, according to strict standards of security and confidentiality, any information our customers share with us.
We will limit the collection and use of customer information to the minimum we require to deliver superior service to our customers, which includes advising our customers about our products, services and other opportunities, and to administer our business.
We will permit only authorized employees, who are trained in the proper handling of customer information, to have access to that information. Employees who violate our Privacy Promise will be subject to our normal disciplinary process.
We will not reveal customer information to any external organization unless we have previously informed the customer in disclosures or agreements, have been authorized by the customer, or are required by law or our regulators.
We will always maintain control over the confidentiality of our customer information. We may, however, facilitate relevant offers from reputable companies. These companies are not permitted to retain any customer information unless the customer has specifically expressed interest in their products or services.
We will tell customers in plain language, initially and at least once annually, how they may remove their names from marketing lists. At any time, customers can contact us to remove their names from such lists.
Whenever we hire other organizations to provide support services, we will require them to conform to our privacy standards and to allow us to audit them for compliance.
For purposes of credit reporting, verification and risk management, we will exchange information about our customers with reputable reference sources and clearing-house services.
We will attempt to keep customer files complete, up to date, and accurate. We will tell our customers how and where to conveniently access their account information (except when we\'re prohibited to do so by law) and how to notify us about errors which we will promptly correct.
Carolina Outfitters Inc. makes no warranties of any kind, whether expressed or implied, as to the accuracy, reliability, or completeness of information provided. Carolina Outfitters Inc. will not be liable for improper or incorrect use of the information or for any damage suffered from direct or indirect use of its services. The information contained in these pages is dynamic and may change from day to day.
Carolina Outfitters Inc. (including its employees and agents) assumes no responsibility for consequences resulting from the use of the information herein, [or from use of the information obtained at linked Internet addresses,] or in any respect for the content of such information, including (but not limited to) errors or omissions, the accuracy or reasonableness of factual or scientific assumptions, studies or conclusions, the defamatory nature of statements, ownership of copyright or other intellectual property rights, and the violation of property, privacy, or personal rights of others. Carolina Outfitters Inc. is not responsible for, and expressly disclaims all liability for, damages of any kind arising out of use, reference to, or reliance on such information. No guarantees or warranties, including (but not limited to) any express or implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular use or purpose, are made by Carolina Outfitters Inc. with respect to such information."
Links to Other Internet Sites
At certain places on this Carolina Outfitters Inc. Internet Site, live \'links\' to other Internet addresses can be accessed. Such external Internet addresses contain information created, published, maintained, or otherwise posted by individuals, institutions, or organizations independent of Carolina Outfitters Inc. . As such, Carolina Outfitters Inc. , does not endorse, approve, certify, or control these external Internet addresses and does not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, efficiency, timeliness, or correct sequencing of information located at such addresses. Use of any information obtained from such addresses is voluntary, and reliance on it should only be undertaken after an independent review of its accuracy, completeness, efficiency and timeliness. Reference herein to any specific commercial product, process, or service by trade name, trademark, service mark, manufacturer, or otherwise does not constitute or imply endorsement, recommendation, or favoring by Carolina Outfitters Inc."
Copyright and Trademark Notice
"All Contents Copyright © 2010 Carolina Outfitters Inc. . All rights reserved." "The contents of all material and HTML coding available on this Internet Site are copyrighted by Carolina Outfitters Inc. unless otherwise indicated. Copyright is not claimed as to any part of an original work prepared by a U.S. or state government officer or employee as part of that person\'s official duties. All rights are reserved by Carolina Outfitters Inc. and content may not be printed, reproduced, downloaded, disseminated, published, or transferred in any form or by any means, except with the prior written permission of Carolina Outfitters Inc. , or as indicated below. Individuals may download pages or other content for their own private use, consistent with the mission and purpose of Carolina Outfitters Inc. [as certified in its governing documents] on a single computer. However, no part of such content may otherwise or subsequently be printed, reproduced, downloaded, disseminated, published, or transferred, in any form or by any means, except with the prior written permission of, and with express attribution to, Carolina Outfitters Inc. .. Copyright infringement is a violation of federal law subject to criminal and civil penalties. "
Privacy Statement for Carolina Outfitters Inc.
Carolina Outfitters Inc. has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this web site:
Cookies
Carolina Outfitters Inc. uses cookies to keep track of your shopping cart when on one of our client\'s web sites. We also use cookies to collect data about your visit i.e. how long you stayed, how you moved throughout the site, and what kind of browser you are using.
E-mail Forms
Carolina Outfitters Inc. email forms ("Drop us a line," "sales information form" and "join our e-club newsletter") requires users to give us contact information (like their name and email address). We use the information from the forms to send the user information about our company via email or postal mail. Only the email address is collected from the "join our newsletter" form. This is an opt-in list that our visitors may use to hear about Carolina Outfitters Inc. news. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. None of this information is made public is not sold to a third party.
Carolina Outfitters Inc. contains links to other sites. www.carolinaoutfitters.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Security
Carolina Outfitters Inc. has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Transactions of products or services performed by our clients are done on a SSL secure server with 128 bit (high) encryption. Credit card information encrypted to prevent data from being stolen. Transaction information is given directly to the seller. The document and any information you send back are encrypted for privacy while in transit. No credit card information is held on any computer after a credit card transaction.
Credit card fraud is a felony and Carolina Outfitters Inc. and it\'s clients will aggressively prosecute any one attempting to misuse a credit card number. Carolina Outfitters Inc. and it\'s clients track every transaction and will use all means available to it to prosecute persons attempting fraud.
Choice/Opt-Out
Carolina Outfitters Inc. provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us and our partners.
Carolina Outfitters Inc. gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our ads or newsletter.
Correct/Update
Carolina Outfitters Inc. gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact
Carolina Outfitters Inc.12121 Hwy 19 West Bryson City, N.C. 28713Phone: 1-800-468-7238E-Mail: bdills@swain.main.nc.us