http://www.princesgolfclub.co.uk/privacy-policy
Gift Vouchers
Book Now
Book a tee time
Book a stay
Book a table
What are you looking for?
Search results for term ‘’
There are 0 results
Privacy policy
This Privacy Notice sets out the basis on which we will process the personally identifying information ('Personal Data') that we collect and receive from and about users of our website (www.princesgolfclub.co.uk) and customers who visit Prince's Golf Club and The Lodge at Prince's, attend our events or subscribe to our newsletters.
Our privacy commitments
We will only collect and keep personal data that is necessary to perform a contract between us, or to take specific steps before entering into a contract, or for legitimate business interests that we explain here below, or if we're legally required to do so.
We will be as clear and open as we can with you on what Personal Data we collect and how it will be processed.
For as long as we maintain records of your Personal Data, we will keep it up to date and protect it with appropriate safety measures.
Customers
Data Collection
We collect the following Personal data from or about you as a Prince's Leisure Group customer:
Personal Data Collected Directly from you through the booking process: your name, phone number, postal address, email address, and bank account details for collecting payments. Our legal basis for the collection and processing of this data is the provision to you of the services purchased by you.
Data Uses
We use your Personal Data:
For the administration of your purchases and to contact you about your purchases (for example with details on your booking and membership).
To contact you with marketing messages which you have requested or agreed to receive from us (for example via a branded newsletter, wifi login, preference portal). Where a recipient does not respond to 5 newsletters they will be automatically unsubcribed, with no option to resubscribe at a later date.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google") also places cookies on your computer, to enable Google to provide us with activity reports relating to the Sites. Google uses this data only to provide us with information on how users use the Sites and does not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. The information generated by Google cookies about your use of the platform (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. You may refuse these cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser or by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en-GB.
Data Sharing
Prince's Leisure Group will not sell your information. We will not share your information with any third party except for the facilitation of payments by direct debit.
Social Media
We will share your Personal Data with social media sites to enable them to provide marketing messages that you have agreed to receive from them. The social media sites we share your Personal Data with as at the date of this Privacy Notice and their respective privacy statements are:
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
Hootsuite: https://hootsuite.com/legal/privacy
Twitter: https://twitter.com/en/privacy
Instagram: https://help.instagram.com/155833707900388
Data Collection
We collect the following data from you as a Prince's Leisure Group guest:
Data Collected Directly: your name, email address, postal address, and phone number.
Data Collected Indirectly: your attendance history.
Data Uses
We use your Personal Data:
To contact you about your reservation or membership (for example with your arrival time);
To contact you with future event marketing messages (for example with branded newsletters or an advertisement on Facebook). Where a recipient does not respond to 5 newsletters they will be automatically unsubcribed, with no option to resubscribe at a later date;
To send you surveys or feedback requests (for example after you attended an event);
To find out more about our guests and their preferences (for example by analysing your attendance history).
As previously stated, we may process data if we deem it to be necessary for our legitimate interests. Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR provides that we can process your data where it "is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us, except where such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights or freedoms of you which require protection of personal data."
We do not believe that any of our activities prejudice individuals in any way. We genuinely believe that they help us to offer you with information about services which you may find of genuine interest. However, you do have the right to object to us processing your personal data on this basis. You can do this by contacting us using the contact details provided within this Privacy Statement. We will seek to deal with your request without undue delay, and in any event within one month, subject to any extensions to which we are lawfully entitled. Please note that we may keep a record of your communications to help us resolve any issues which you raise.
Data Sharing
Prince's Leisure Group will not sell your information. We will not share your information with any third party except as stated in this Privacy Notice or as required to operate the Sites, provide our services to you and administer your account.
Social Media Followers
Data Collection
We receive the following Personal Data about you if you follow one of our social media accounts: Your account name, gender, general interests, location, age. Our legal basis for processing this data is our legitimate interest in providing social media and marketing content that is of interest to our followers on social media.
Data Uses
We use this Personal Data:
to provide bespoke social media content (for example by analysing your general interests);
to create targeted advertising across all our social media channels (for example by analysing responses to posts and existing advertisements);
to find out more about our digital community (for example by analysing the age ranges of our followers).
Data Sharing
Prince's Leisure Group will not sell your information. We will not share your information with any third party except as stated in this Privacy Notice or as required to operate the Sites, provide our services to you and administer your account.
Website Visitors
Data Collection
We collect data only from the online booking request form, newsletter request, open competition entries, members section login.
Data Uses
We use this Personal Data:
to provide you with bespoke website content
to collect site statistics.
Data Sharing
Prince's Leisure Group will not sell your information. We will not share your information with any third party except as stated in this Privacy Notice or as required to operate the Sites, provide our services to you and administer your account or otherwise as required or permitted by law.
Data Processors
We use third party processors to collect, export, process and store Personal Data on our behalf.
https://www.orbital.net/privacy
The processors we use currently are the following:
Payment Processor
Paypal: https://www.paypal.com/ee/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
Stripe, located in the U.S. Privacy Shield Certified: https://stripe.com/privacy-shield-policy
CRM Tool
Mailchimp: https://kb.mailchimp.com/accounts/management/about-mailchimp-the-eu-swiss-privacy-shield-and-the-gdpr
Social Media Platform
Facebook, some data centres located in the U.S. Privacy Shield Certified: https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
Twitter: https://twitter.com/en/privacy
Instagram: https://help.instagram.com/155833707900388
Google Analytics, located in the U.S. Privacy Shield Certified: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
International Data Transfers
We use data processors located outside the European Economic Area only after taking such steps as are required to ensure that Personal Data they process on our behalf receives protection equivalent to that provided in the EEA. Our processors are either certified as compliant with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework where they are located in the USA or have entered into an agreement with us containing the model clauses approved by the European Commission as providing contractual protection equivalent to that provided by the data protection regulations applicable in the EEA. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, please visit www.privacyshield.gov.
Data Security
We maintain technical and physical safeguards that are designed to protect the security and integrity of your Personal Data, and to guard it against accidental or unauthorised access, use, alteration or disclosure to unauthorised third parties. These measures include device encryption, firewalls and virus checking procedures.
Where we keep Personal Data files on local devices these devices are protected and accessible only to authorised Prince's Leisure Group employees.
We regularly review our security systems to ensure that your Personal Data remains safe and secure.
Duration of Storage
We will maintain records of your Personal Data for as long as you remain:
a registered subscriber to our mailing list;
have completed a purchase with Prince's Leisure Group in the last 36 months;
or for as long as is necessary to provide our services to you.
If you have not opened any email communication from Prince's Leisure Group or interacted in any other way with Prince's Leisure Group for 36 months we will regard you as an inactive subscriber and delete your details from our records except where retention is necessary to enable us to enforce our legal rights, or to protect the rights, property or safety of our employees.
Your Rights in Relation to Personal Data
You can update your subscription preferences or unsubscribe from our marketing communications at any time by following the link in the footer of the last email you received from one of our brands ("Update your subscription preferences" or "Unsubscribe") or by sending your request with detailed instructions for our Customer Services team. You can also update your preferences at anytime through our Prince's preference portal.
You have the right to update and correct the personal information on your account. You also have the right to request from us all personal information that we hold that relates to you, to request restriction of the processing of that data and to request that we delete that data. Where allowed by applicable law there may be an administrative charge for supply of copies of data and we may also require you to provide us with appropriate identification before we comply with this request. You also have the right to object to our continued processing of your personal data. You may also have the right to data portability. If you have a complaint about the way in which we use your personal information you have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner www.ico.gov.uk.
You can contact us with questions about the personal information we hold about you using the contact information provided in the contact us section of this privacy notice.
Changes to our Privacy Notice
We will update this Privacy Notice from time to time to reflect changes in our business. All such changes will be posted to the Prince's website and if we consider it to be appropriate we will notify subscribers of any material changes by e-mail.
Contacting us
Prince's Leisure Group Limited is the Data Controller in respect of any Personal Data that you submit to us or that we collect from or about you. We are a limited company registered in England and Wales (registered no. 05071764) with registered offices at Hardys Yard, Riverhead, Sevenoaks, Kent. TN13 2DN
If you would like to know what information we hold about you or if you have any other queries or complaints in relation to this Privacy Notice, or our Sites, our contact details are as follows:
Prince's Leisure Group Limited, Hardys Yard, Sevenoaks, Kent. TN13 2DN
office@princesgolfclub.co.uk
01304 611118
Would you like to receive our latest news and promotions?
Subscribe
Your email address is exclusively for us to send occasional promotions and will not be shared or sold.
Privacy Policy
We use cookies to give you the best online experience. Please review our privacy policy for further information