http://www.cgcs.org.uk/privacy
Menu
About UsContact UsTeam Login
Home
News
The Team				 The TeamEvery four years Commonwealth Games Scotland (CGS) selects, prepares and leads a team to represent Scotland at the Commonwealth Games and Commonwealth Youth Games – known as Team Scotland.
About Team Scotland
Meet The Team
Top Scots At The Games
Team Scotland Medallists
The Team Behind The Team
Thistle Club
Our Mascot Clyde
Commonwealth Games				 Commonwealth GamesThe Commonwealth Games is one of the biggest multi-sport events in the world, held once every four years. Often referred to as the ‘Friendly Games’, it brings together athletes from the 71 nations and territories of the Commonwealth.Scotland has a proud history of success. From the first Games in 1930 through to a record-breaking medal haul at Glasgow 2014 and best ever overseas medal tally at Gold Coast 2018.
Upcoming Games
Past Games
History of the Commonwealth Games
Sports In The Games
Youth Games
The Queen's Baton Relay
Youth Trust				 Youth TrustEstablished in 1989, the Team Scotland Youth Trust is a registered charity which supports talented young Scottish athletes through scholarships and awards.
About the Team Scotland Youth Trust
Support Team Scotland's Future Stars
Privacy
Home
Privacy
PrivacyAny personal data collected through this website will be treated as confidential in line with the principles of the Data Protection Act 1998.We, Commonwealth Games Scotland, are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.This policy sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.By using our website, you agree to this policy.  If you do not agree, please do not use our website or submit any personal data through it.For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 (the “Act”), the data controller is The Commonwealth Games Council for Scotland Limited, having its principal office at Gannochy Sports Centre, University of Stirling, Stirling, FK9 4LA.1                Information we may collect from you1.1                   We may collect and process the following data about you:1.1.1             information that you provide by filling in forms on our website http://www.cgcs.org.uk We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with our website;1.1.2             information that you provide to us for the purposes of your application for accreditation and support for the Commonwealth Games;1.1.3             information that you provide, or the relevant Sports Governing Body provides on your behalf, to us in connection with your application to become a member of Team Scotland at the Commonwealth Games;1.1.4             if you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence;1.1.5             details of your visits to our website including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data, whether this is required for our own  purposes or otherwise and the resources that you access; and1.1.6             telephone calls may be recorded for quality control and training purposes but are stored with confidentiality in mind and will never be shared with third parties.2                IP addressesWe may collect information about your computer, including, where available, your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers.  This is statistical data about our users’ browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual.3                Where we store your personal data3.1                   The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”).  It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. Such staff maybe engaged in, among other things, the provision of support services.  By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing.  We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.3.2                   All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers.  Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential.  We ask you not to share a password with anyone.3.3                   Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure. Although we will take all reasonable endeavours to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our website; any transmission is at your own risk.  Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access to, destruction of or damage to such personal data.4                Uses made of the information4.1                   We use information held about you in the following ways:4.1.1             to administer your application for accreditation for the Commonwealth Games on your behalf;4.1.2             to provide you with information in connection with your application for accreditation and support for the Commonwealth Games;4.1.3             to enable the proper maintenance and/or operation of our website;4.1.4             to ensure that content from our website is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer or other access device;4.1.5             to allow you to participate in interactive features of our website, when you choose to do so;4.1.6             to notify you about changes to our website;4.1.7             to allow us to consider your comments, queries and suggestions and respond if necessary;4.1.8             to comply with any legal obligations; or4.1.9             to enable or facilitate the exercise of our rights under our terms and conditions of website use.4.2                   We may also contact you by mail, telephone, fax, e-mail or other electronic messaging service with communications that may be of interest to you.  By providing us with your fax number, telephone numbers and/or email address, you consent to being contacted by these methods for these purposes.  If you do not wish to receive such communications from us, please e-mail us at info@cgcs.org.uk4.3                   We may keep personal data which we collect for a reasonable period for any of the purposes mentioned above.5                Disclosure of your information5.1                   We may disclose your personal information to any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006.5.2                   We may disclose your personal information to the Commonwealth Games Federation, GOLDOC and our partner agencies, including the Scottish Government, for the purposes of preparation, entries, accreditation, the operation and management of and support for the Commonwealth Games5.3                   We may disclose your personal information to third parties:5.3.1             in the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets;5.3.2             if Commonwealth Games Scotland or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it will be one of the transferred assets; or5.3.3             if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation;5.3.4             in order to enforce or apply agreements that we have entered into;5.3.5             to protect the rights, property, or safety of Commonwealth Games Scotland or others; and5.3.6             for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.6                Third party personal data6.1                   Where you submit information regarding another person, you confirm that they have consented to you acting for them and to the processing of their personal data, and that you have informed them of our identity and the content of this policy, including the purposes for which their personal data will be processed by us and that they have explicitly consented to our use and processing of their personal data (including sensitive personal data).6.2                   This policy will apply to any such third party personal data in the same manner that they apply to your own personal data.7                Your rights7.1                   You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes.  We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes.  You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data.  You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us at info@cgcs.org.uk7.2                   Our website may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of affiliate organisations.  If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.  Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.8                Access to informationThe Act gives you the right to access information held about you.  Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act.  Any access request may be subject to a fee of £10 to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you.9                Changes to our privacy policyAny changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail.10             ContactQuestions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to info@cgcs.org.ukWhen you visit teamscotland.scot we collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site.Cookies UsedCompanyCookieReasonGoogle Analytics_utma
_utmb
_utmc
_utmzThese cookies are used to collect information about how users visit our site. The information collected in an anonymous form. They collect infromation about where vistors have come from and what pages they visited while on the site. For more information on these cookies you can visit the Google Privacy Page.Commonwealth Games ScotlandASP.NET_SessionIdThis cookie is essential for the website operation to identify an individual user on the website. It cookie does not collect any information on the user themselves and is deleted when the browser is closed.Commonwealth Games Scotlandcookie_message_closedThis cookie is used to keep the cookie message closed after the user clicks the “close this message” link. The cookie does not collect any information on the user themselves. Partners & Sponsors
All Our Sponsors
Social FeedFollow Us
@Team_Scotland
10 hours ago
The answer to today's #TeamScotAdvent question was ‘join in any reindeer …
@Team_Scotland
21 hours ago
We are feeling festive for today's #TeamScotAdvent, so it's time to test your …
@Team_Scotland
2 days ago
Today's #TeamScotAdvent question takes us back to Delhi 2010 - David Millar …
@Team_Scotland
3 days ago
Team Scotland's youngest ever athlete and youngest ever medallist - which 13 …
Sign Up for News, Events & Team Updates
SubmitAbout UsContact UsPrivacyTeam Login
Commonwealth Games Scotland
Airthrey Castle
Hermitage Rd,
Stirling, FK9 4LATel: +44(0)1786 466480
Email: info@teamscotland.scot
© Team Scotland 2020
Responsive
Website Design,
Development & Hosting by
mtc.