http://www.soccerassociation.com/privacy.htm
ALBALGARGARMAUSAUTAZEBELBIHBLRBOLBRABULCHICHNCOLCRCCROCYPCZEDENECUEGYENGESPESTFINFRAGEOGERGREHUNIRLIRNISLISRITAJPNKAZKORLTULVAMDAMEXMKDMLTMNENEDNIRNORPARPERPOLPORQATROURSARUSSCOSRBSUISVKSVNSWETURUKRURUUSAVENhomeaccountFAQhelpsupportA to Zplayerclubrefereemanager Privacy statementThis is SoccerAssociation.com's privacy statement. It sets out how we deal with your personal data. SoccerAssociation.com is committed to protecting your privacy.How we collect your informationWe collect your information when you complete our subscription process or change your information or prefences on the website. All the information you provide to us is viewed or edited via secure web pages.Purposes for which we gather information about youWe will hold and process any personal information which a user provides to us on this web site in order to facilitate and enhance the services which we provide. We may collect personal data about your usage of the website in order to provide a service to meet your needs. We may also use such information for the purposes of identifying and carrying out research about the users of our services. However, the data will only be disclosed on an anonymous and aggregated basis not in a way in which you will be identified. The information which you supply to us you agree will be true, complete and accurate in all respects and you agree to notify us immediately of any changes.Whom we share it withWe share your details only with those third parties which are necessary for your use of the website (for example a payment gateway to enable processing of your payment). We may also make your personal information available to third parties where we are under a legal obligation to do so.Hyper-linksWe provide hyper-links from our web site to web sites of third parties. Please note that this privacy statement applies only to the contents of our web site and not to linked web sites.CookiesIn order to personalise and improve the quality of our website and services we use cookies. A cookie is a small text file stored on your hard drive (but does not access your hard drive). Only the information that you provide, or the choices you make, while visiting the website can be stored in a cookie. The website cannot determine your e-mail address unless you choose to type it. Allowing a website to create a cookie does not give that or any other site access to the rest of your computer and only the site that created the cookie can read it. Copyright © SoccerAssociation.com. All rights reserved. Privacy. T&C.