http://www.bucksfootball.co.uk/about/privacy-policy/
The South Bucks Mini Soccer Conference (SBMSC) takes your privacy very seriously. This page describes our Privacy policy, Cookie Policy and Terms of use of this website. The Privacy Policy sets out how we use and look after the personal information we collect from you. We are the data controller, responsible for the processing of any personal data you give us. We take reasonable care to keep your information secure and to prevent any unauthorised access to or use of it.
What personal data we hold on you and other officers in your club
Personal data means any information about an individual from which that individual can be identified. We collect, use, store and transfer some personal data of the key officers within your Club as well as Team Officials. When you register with the SBMSC whether by filling in forms at an event or an “enquiry to join form” online, or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise you provide information to us about your Club Officers and Team Officials only with their express permission. Most of the other web forms do not add you to a mailing list – these include player age check, maps, Contact/feedback web forms. Of these only Contact/feedback form content is stored. The information you give us may include your/their name, address, e-mail address, phone number(s) and gender. Where we hold this data from you, it will be agreed that your club has explicit consent from the individuals.
Why we need personal data
We will only use personal data for the legitimate purpose(s) for which it has been specifically provided. The reason we need participants’ personal data is to be able to run an efficient league.
The SBMSC does maintain an email list for the smooth operation of its fixtures and other league business. Only Team Managers and Club Officials may join this list manually after attending  the AGM. There is no facility to join, leave or access that list via the website. The SBMSC doesn’t rent, sell or loan its mailing list to anyone else.
Processing activites include arranging matches, notifying match/contact information with your opponents/referee(s)/league committee members and we do this by publishing personal data in the SBMSC Contact List which is shared with other member Clubs each season, but not via this website. The shared personal details are name, email address and phone/mobile number but not postal address. As a Club Official, Team Official or Committee member your contact detail is shared with all clubs and team officials in the League. We respect our user’s privacy and will not pass personal details to anyone else outside of the above categories.
We also use personal data, password and a cookie to authenticate helpers nominated by the member Club so they may sign in and rate the opposition team for Fairplay / Respect behaviour. To start rating Opposition teams please read this privacy policy and register for an account via the SBMSC website. By signing in to the SBMSC website you are confirming you have read and accepted these privacy policy terms. Your rating scores and associated comments are stored and processed to manage behaviour and discipline within the SBMSC. Our system aggregates scores together with submissions made by other teams over a long period of time in order to produce Fairplay Tables which are published. We do not share individual submissions made about other teams.
Other parties we share your personal data with
The Fairplay administation is accessed via this League website where it is processed by Thinkable Cloud Ltd under contract to SBMSC.
The SBMSC website also collects anonymous aggregated information including busy days and times, browser and screen capability, number of hits, impressions, visitors to the site and other similar information. Google Analytics is used to better understand how site visitors navigate to and through our site, how long is spent visiting our content items and how often they return to visit our Site. It is used by the Processor to prioritise development and for other site maintenance purposes. The aggregate number of visitors is periodically published on this site to help third parties determine the value of advertising on it. It is not possible to identify individual users from this data and no private or personally identifiable information is passed to advertisers or third parties. A more detailed description of Google Analytics use of cookies is in our Cookie Policy below.
Protection of your personal data
The personal data that is collected via the website from you is kept inside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). A hosting service in the UK is used to ensure this. We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed.
How long we hold your personal data
We keep personal data on our participants and members while they continue to be a participant or member (in most cases for a 5 year period) or are otherwise actively involved with the League. We delete personal data from the Fairplay system during the season after a participant or member has left or otherwise ended their membership or affiliation. Sometimes it is deleted sooner if specifically requested and we are able to do so. We may need to retain some personal data for longer for legal or regulatory purposes while there is an ongoing investigation or dispute.
Third Party Sites
This policy covers information collected through this web site. Participating football clubs will have their own policies. This website privacy policy does not cover our member clubs or other manual methods.
Social Media
The e-mailing list for Mini Soccer players and parents discontinued operating in 2013. Nowadays the best way for parents or players to keep up to date is by :-
visiting the website,
subscribing to the site RSS feed
following us on social media. Currently we support Google+ and Twitter.
The privacy and visibility of any posts you chose to send to us on social media networks are governed by the networks own privacy policies.
Cookie Policy
Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognise your browser and capture and remember certain information. They help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
One of our cookies remembers that you have accepted our cookie policy so you don’t get asked each time you use the SBMSC website. You can delete this cookie by clicking here and refreshing the page.
This website also uses tracking software to monitor its visitors to better understand how they use it. This software is provided by Google Analytics which uses cookies called _ga and _gat to track visitor usage. The software will save a cookie to your computers hard drive in order to track and monitor your engagement and usage of the website. These cookies persist for 26 months after you have left the website but they do not store, save or collect personal information. For an overview of how Google uses data see www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/.  SBMSC does not send names, email addresses, phone numbers or billing information to Google.
Visitors that don’t want their data reported by the Google Analytics JavaScript can install the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. This add-on instructs the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) to prohibit sending information to Google Analytics. The browser add-on is available for most modern browsers. Learn more about Google Analytics and privacy.
The Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on does not prevent information from being collected or processed for anti-spam purposes.
Terms of use of this website:
1. You agree to not create a false identity or forged e-mail address or header, or otherwise attempt to mislead others as to the identity of the sender or the origin of the message
2. You agree to not attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Fairplay service, other accounts, computer systems or networks connected to the Service, through password mining or any other means
3. You agree to not interfere with another member’s use and enjoyment of the Service or another entity’s use and enjoyment of similar services
4. You agree to not send us or other members unlawful, abusive, threatening, or otherwise objectionable material of any kind or nature
5. You agree to not transmit any material that may infringe the intellectual property rights or other rights of third parties, including trademark, copyright or right of publicity
6. You agree to not use the update service in connection with chain letters, junk e-mail, spamming or any duplicative or unsolicited messages for your employer or club, commercial or otherwise
7. You agree to not harvest or otherwise collect information about other members including e-mail addresses
8. You may not supply, sell or license content from the Fixtures or Fairplay database, or a copy of it, to any other person or company or organisation
9. You may not download the Fairplay database or fixtures through any automated (e.g. “scraping”) process
Thousands of boys and girls from nearly 250 teams play friendly football fixtures in age groups Under 7 to Under 12.
About
History
Code Of Conduct
FAQ
Privacy policy
Mini Soccer fixtures
Fixture calendar
Fixture format
Setting up a fixture
Bad weather guidelines
Pitch preparation
Fairplay tables
History
Rules
Join
New club enquiry
Training to help
Contact
Add Link
Tournaments
Links
© 1999 to 2020 Contents of this website are copyright South Bucks Mini Soccer Conference, Thinkable Cloud Ltd or respective owners where indicated. Site founded 1999.
We assume you're okay with our Privacy Policy and Cookies if you continue to use our site.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookie Policy & Terms
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.