https://www.bofagc.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Book Tee Times
Privacy Policy
This GDPR compliant privacy policy explains how Bridge of Allan Golf Club uses any personal information that we collect about you either as a Visitor or Member.
What information do we collect about you?
We collect information from you as a Visitor for contractual purposes when you make a booking for a tee time, catering package or other golf services.
As a Member we collect information for contractual purposes when you join the club or update your contact details.
Website usage information is also collected using cookies.
GolfNow booking system: Under the GDPR there is a mutual obligation on Bridge of Allan Golf Club and GolfNow to ensure contracts contain a number of important mandatory terms around privacy and data protection. GolfNow has in place a robust GDPR governance program.
How will we use the information about you?
We collect information about you as a Visitor to process your tee booking, send you a confirmation and collect payment.
We collect information about you as a Member to keep you informed about and participate in the activities of the club, for example to book tee times, play in competitions, attend events and receive your annual subscription notice
We will also use the information for legitimate purposes to help in the management of the Club.
We will not share the information for marketing purposes with any other organisations
Marketing
We will only send you as a Visitor, information about the club and special offers to book golf from time to time if you have specifically opted in to receive these communications.
You have a right at any time to stop us from contacting you for marketing purposes. If you no longer wish to be contacted for marketing purposes, please contact us.
Retention of your Data
As a Visitor we will retain your data for seven years to support our financial recordkeeping requirements for HMRC.
As a Member we will retain your data for seven years to support our financial recordkeeping requirements for HMRC.
Access to your information and correction
You have a right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you.
If you would like a copy of some or all of your personal information, please email or write to us at the following address: The Secretary, Bridge of Allan Golf Club, Sunnylaw, Bridge of Allan, FK9 4LY, secretary@bofagc.com.
We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. You may ask us to correct or remove information you think is inaccurate.
Cookies
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard internet log information and visitor behaviour information. This information is used to track visitor use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity.
For Further information visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.
You can set your browser not to accept cookies and the above websites tell you how to remove cookies from your browser. However, in a few cases some of our website features may not function as a result.
Other Websites
Our website contains links to other websites. This privacy policy only applies to this website so when you link to other websites you should read their own privacy policies.
Changes to our privacy policy
We keep our privacy policy under regular review and we will place any updates on this web page. This privacy policy was last updated on 23 May 2018.
How to contact us
Please contact us if you have any questions about our privacy policy or information we hold about you:
The Secretary, Bridge of Allan Golf Club, Sunnylaw, Bridge of Allan, FK9 4LY, secretary@bofagc.com.