https://www.macknewton.com/privacy-policy/
SIGN UP for Mack’s FREE Fitness Tips and News!
Current Clients
Menu
Home
About
Training
Fitness Program
3 Workout Options
Taekwon-Do
Class Schedule
Official Website of the ITF
Self Defense
Mack Newton’s 10 Laws of Self-Defense
General Attitudes Women Need to Practice
How to Control Your Enviroment
IWFB Self Defense
3-2 Eating Plan
Food Sheets
Recipes
Rave Reviews
Resources
Video Vault
Newsletters
Power Hour
IWFB Self Defense
Mack Newton On
Store
Contact
Thank you for visiting our web site. This privacy policy tells you how we use personal information collected at this site. Please read this privacy policy before using the site or submitting any personal information. By using the site, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. These practices may be changed, but any changes will be posted and changes will only apply to activities and information on a going forward, not retroactive basis. You are encouraged to review the privacy policy whenever you visit the site to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used. Note, the privacy practices set forth in this privacy policy are for this web site only. If you link to other web sites, please review the privacy policies posted at those sites.
Collection of Information
We collect personally identifiable information, like names, postal addresses, email addresses, etc., when voluntarily submitted by our visitors. The information you provide is used to fulfill your specific request. This information will also be used to provide occasional correspondence to you regarding site membership updates and benefits, unless you give us permission to use it in another manner, for example to add you to one of our promotional or partner mailing lists.
Cookie/Tracking Technology
The Site may use cookie and tracking technology depending on the features offered. Cookie and tracking technology are useful for gathering information such as browser type and operating system, tracking the number of visitors to the Site, and understanding how visitors use the Site. Cookies can also help customize the Site for visitors. Personal information cannot be collected via cookies and other tracking technology. However, if you previously provided personally identifiable information, cookies may be tied to such information. Aggregate cookie and tracking information may be shared with third parties.
Distribution of Information
We may share information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when: (1) permitted or required by law; or, (2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or, (3) investigating fraud which has already taken place. The information is not provided to these companies for marketing purposes.
Commitment to Data Security
Your personally identifiable information is kept secure. Only authorized employees, agents and contractors (who have agreed to keep information secure and confidential) have access to this information. All emails and newsletters from this site allow you to opt out of further group mailings.
Accuracy of Information
We strive to maintain accurate information and pricing within our network. Occasional typographical errors and technical issues may result in inaccurate data. We reserve the right to make corrections at time of invoicing and will notify affected customers.
Privacy Contact information
If you have any questions, concerns, or comments about our privacy policy you may contact us using the information below:
By e-mail: seven@macknewton.com
By Phone: 602.957.6492
We reserve the right to make changes to this policy. Any changes to this policy will be posted.
Sign Up for the Newsletter and get Tips,
Meal Plans, Video Updated and More!
17250 N Hartford Dr #135, Scottsdale, AZ 85255
Privacy Policy
| Terms of Service
| Site Map
|
602.957.6492
|
seven@macknewton.com
© 2020 Mack Newton. All rights reserved.