https://www.eis2win.co.uk/legal/
Skip to main content
Cookie Banner
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. The use of cookies on our website is to analyse its performance within Google Analytics. For further details please read our Privacy & Cookies page.
Accept
Decline
Home
Legal
Legal
EIS Website terms of use
EIS2win.co.uk is a site operated by The English Institute of Sport Limited (“We”). We are registered in England and Wales under company number 4420052 and have our registered office at The Manchester Institute of Health & Performance, 299 Alan Turing Way, Manchester M11 3BS. Our VAT number is GB 945 7935 71.
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SITE
We may amend these terms from time to time. Every time you wish to use our site, please check these terms to ensure you understand the terms that apply at that time. These terms were most recently updated in June 2019.
We do not guarantee that our site, or any content on it, will always be available or be uninterrupted. We may suspend or withdraw or restrict the availability of all or any part of our site for business and operational reasons.
How you may use material on our site
We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in our site, and in the material published on it. Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved.
You may print off one copy, and may download extracts, of any page(s) from our site for your personal use and you may draw the attention of others within your organisation to content posted on our site.
You must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text.
Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of content on our site must always be acknowledged.
You must not use any part of the content on our site for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from us or our licensors.
Images courtesy of Getty Images/Andy Thompson/Andy Weekes
We are not responsible for websites we link to
Where our site contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. Such links should not be interpreted as approval by us of those linked websites or information you may obtain from them.
How we may use your personal information
We will only use your personal information as set out in our privacy policy This privacy policy also includes information about how we use cookies.
Rules about linking to our site
You may link to our home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it.
You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists.
You must not establish a link to our site in any website that is not owned by you.
Our site must not be framed on any other site, nor may you create a link to any part of our site other than the home page.
We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.
If you wish to link to or make any use of content on our site other than that set out above, please contact comms@eis2win.co.uk.
Our trade marks are registered
“The English Institute of Sport” and our logo are UK registered trade marks. You are not permitted to use them without our approval.
Complaints
We are committed to providing high-quality customer service and takes complaints seriously using the information from them to help us improve our services.
Our complaints policy describes our complaints procedure and how a complaint can be made. It also sets out what a complainant can expect from us. Details of our policy are available on request by contacting complaints@eis2win.co.uk.
Our complaints policy covers matters such as:
delays in responding to enquiries and requests
failure to provide a service
our standard of service
our policies
conduct or behaviour of an EIS member of staff
our failure to follow proper procedure.
More to explore
EIS
Freedom of Information
View page
EIS
Accessibility
View page