https://www.nhl.com/blues/info/privacy-policy
Skip to Main Content
The Official Site of the St. Louis Blues
News
News
Headlines
Gameday
Community
Photo Galleries
Stanley Cup Champions
2020 All-Star Game
Media Guide (.PDF)
2019-20 Yearbook
Video
Video
Blues TV
Game Highlights
Locker Room
Inside Access
Blues Extras
Stanley Cup Champions
In Their Shoes
NHL.tv
Scores
Tickets
Tickets
Single Game Tickets
Promotions
Theme Tickets
Special Ticket Offers
Season Ticket Waiting List
Group Tickets
Together Credit Union Terrace
Ticket Plans
My Blues Account
Full Season Tickets
Partial Plans
Season Ticket Portal
Premium Seating
Rinkside Club
More
Mobile Ticketing
Blues Great Saves
Game Day Experiences
NHL Ticket Exchange
Ticket Policies
View Premium Seating Brochure
Roster
Roster
Roster
Prospects
Coaches
Blues Alumni
Front Office
Physicians
History
Blues History
Heritage Jersey
Plager Jersey Retirement
Affiliates
Springfield Thunderbirds
Schedule
Schedule
Season Schedule
Schedule Downloads
Printable Schedule (PDF)
Promotions Schedule
Theme Tickets Schedule
Practice Schedule
Stats
Standings
Fans
Fans
Bluenatics
Blue Note Kids Club
Louie
Blues Debit Card
#ThisBarBleedsBlue
License Plates
Hall of Fame Brick Plaza
Mascot Mondays
In Arena
Birthday Messages
50/50 Raffle
Best Seat in the House
Blue Crew
Advertisement Inquiry
Digital
NHL App
Blues on Social
KidZone
Podcasts
Email Subscriptions
Free Public WiFi
Wallpapers
Community
Get Involved
Blues for Kids
Community Calendar
#AllTogetherNow
Donate to Blues for Kids
Request a Donation
Auctions
Contact Us
Programs
Player Programs
Educational Programs
Play Hockey
At the Rink
50/50 Raffle
Birthday Wishes
Puck Series
Power-Play Goals for Kids
Visit Blues for Kids
Arena
Arena
Arena A-Z Guide
Renovations Info
Directions
Free Public WiFi
Parking
Where to Stay
Clear Bag Policy
Stifel Theatre
Advertisement Inquiry
Shop
Shop
STL Authentics
NHL Auctions
Teams
Eastern Conference
Atlantic
Boston
Buffalo
Detroit
Florida
Montréal
Ottawa
Tampa Bay
Toronto
Metropolitan
Carolina
Columbus
New Jersey
NY Islanders
NY Rangers
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Washington
Western Conference
Central
Chicago
Colorado
Dallas
Minnesota
Nashville
St. Louis
Winnipeg
Pacific
Anaheim
Arizona
Calgary
Edmonton
Los Angeles
San Jose
Vancouver
Vegas
Seattle
Coming 2021-2022 Season
Privacy Policy
PLEASE CAREFULLY READ BOTH THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND THE AGREEMENT ON TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE BEFORE USING THE SERVICES.We are the St. Louis Blues Hockey Club, L.P. (the "Club") and are more commonly known as the St. Louis Blues. We operate the web sites located at www.stlblues.com and www.stlouisblues.com (the "Sites"). This Privacy Policy (the "Privacy Policy") covers the Club's treatment of personally identifiable information and non-personally identifiable information that the Club collects when you are on any of our Sites or if you use the St. Louis Blues Official Mobile App (the "App") and when you use the Site Features (as defined in the Agreement on Terms and Conditions of Use, together with the App and the Sites, the "Services"). This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that the Club does not own or control, or to people that the Club does not employ or manage.By accessing or using any of our Services, you are and shall be bound by, and you agree to the collection and use of your personally identifiable information as set forth in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with any part of our Privacy Policy do not access or use our Services.The Information We CollectThe Services allow you to enter into contests and participate in other promotional events, vote in polls or otherwise express an opinion, subscribe to one of our services (including our online newsletters and email lists), or participate in our online forums. "Personally identifiable information" is defined as any information collected and stored under your name. The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected from use of the Services include the following: contact information such as your email address, name, telephone number, information about your interests in and use of various products, programs and services, communication preferences, and geolocation information. In addition, registration is required and information is collected in certain areas of our Services in which users provide content submissions and suggestions or participate in interactive online activities.We may also collect information using cookies, web beacons, and other technologies. Information that we collect automatically may be combined with information that you provide us directly in order to personalize content and advertising based on your interests. Depending on how you access and use our Services, we may receive the following forms of information:Log information. This is information we automatically collect and store when you use our Services. It may include, for example: information about your interactions with our Services, including the content you view, the products you bid on or purchase, the amount of time spent on our Services, the date on which you accessed our Services, and information in cookies and similar technologies, or information about how you access our Services, including your browser or operating system, your Internet Protocol address ("IP Address"), and the websites you visit before and after using our Services.Device information. This is information we collect and store concerning the device you use when you access our Services. (Note that by "device," we mean anything you use to access our Services). Device information may include, for example: the type of device you are using (e.g., your particular brand of phone or tablet), certain device identifiers which may be unique to your device, your Internet service provider, and depending on your permissions, content you have stored on your device (e.g. contacts stored on your phone).Location information. This information may include specific location information drawn from your device's GPS, Bluetooth, or WiFi signals, including information about nearby WiFi networks, location beacons, and cell towers. We receive this information when you use location-enabled services that we offer, and also when you use certain location-based informational, marketing, or public service applications that we or other parties offer.Information from third-party sources. We may receive additional information about you from the National Hockey League and our business partners, as well as receive information (including information from social networking services) about you that is publicly or commercially available, and we may combine that with information we have collected or received about you in other ways. For example, if you access the Services through a third-party connection or log-in, i.e., through Facebook, by "following," "liking," etc., that third party may pass certain information to the Club. This information could include, but is not limited to, the user ID associated with your account (for example, your Facebook UID), an access token necessary to access that service, any information that you have permitted the third party to share with us, and any information you have made in public. Furthermore, if you use the Services while signed in to NHL.TV (also known as Rogers NHL GameCentre Live) account, the Club may receive information such as the type of content watched, dates of activity, amount of time spent on NHL.TV, and type of device used to access NHL.TV.How We Use the InformationTo provide Services. We may use the personally identifiable information you provide about yourself to fulfill your requests for our products, programs, and Services, to respond to your inquiries about our offerings, and to offer you other products, programs or services that we believe may be of interest to you.To provide relevant advertising and marketing. We may also use personally identifiable information to communicate with you, such as to inform you about upcoming events or recent news, to notify you about upcoming contests or when you have won one of our contests, to fulfill a request by you for an online newsletter, to contact you about your account with us or to provide advertisements concerning products or services about which you may have an interest.  To improve our operations and Services. We may use log information, device information and other information that we collect to improve the design and content of our Services and to enable us to personalize your experience. We also may use this information in the aggregate to analyze site usage, as well as to offer you products, programs, or services.The Club uses IP Addresses for the purposes of system administration and to report aggregate information (e.g., how many visitors visit our Sites) to our advertisers. Web servers automatically identify your computer by its IP Address (an IP address is a number that's automatically assigned to your computer whenever you're surfing the Web). When users request pages from our Services, our servers log the users' IP Addresses. We do not link IP Addresses to anything personally identifiable. As a result, a user's session will be logged, but the user remains anonymous to us.Other Purposes.  We may use personally identifiable information we collect and receive for other purposes that may be described to you at the point of collection or for which you provide your consent. Sharing of Personally Identifiable Information Our affiliates. We may share personally identifiable information with companies that control us, that we control, or with which we are under common control. Our service providers. We may provide personally identifiable information about you to service providers that perform certain functions or services on our behalf (for example, hosting our Services, storing our data, fulfilling orders, providing products and services, managing databases, performing analyses, administering our contests and sweepstakes, collecting location data, providing location-based services, processing credit card payments, providing customer service, or sending communications for us). These companies are contractually limited in the ways in which they may use this personally identifiable information. National Hockey League. We may share personally identifiable information about you with the National Hockey League ("NHL") (including your contact information, demographic information, and information about your interactions with the Club), and the NHL may use this personally identifiable information for purposes including: providing you with special offers, promotional materials, and other information that may be relevant to you, improving their products and services, and performing internal analysis. Please note that the NHL is not controlled by the Club and is subject to their own individual privacy policies. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of the NHL.  Business partners. With your consent, we may share personally identifiable information about you with other select business partners that are not service providers, such as our sponsors, other retailers, and broadcast partners, so that they can provide you with special offers, promotional materials, and other materials that may be of interest to you. These other business partners are expected to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and security of any personally identifiable information we share with them. However, we are not responsible for the privacy practices of our business partners, which may use your personally identifiable information for their own purposes.  Legal. We may disclose personally identifiable information if, in our sole discretion, we believe: (i) such information is subpoenaed or disclosure is otherwise required to comply with a court order or legal process, (ii) the information is related to a violation of our Agreement on Terms and Conditions of Use, (iii) the information is related to any unlawful acts or acts that might endanger the general public, (iv) disclosure is permitted or required by law, (v) disclosure would protect the security of our Services or otherwise protect our rights or allow us to take precautions against potential liability, or (vi) a transfer of our business or our business assets has, or might, occur. Public forums. Users should be aware that, when they voluntarily disclose personally identifiable information on bulletin boards, forums or in the chat areas of our Services, personally identifiable information, along with any substantive information disclosed in the user's communication, can be collected and used by third parties. Users may not be able to change or remove public postings once posted, and such personally identifiable information may be used by visitors to those pages to send unsolicited messages. California residents. If you are a resident of California, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 may permit you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personally identifiable information by us to third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please contact us by any method listed below. In addition if you are under the age of 18 you may be entitled to request and obtain removal of content and information that you post on our Sites. If you would like to make such a request you can contact us by any method listed below.Use of CookiesCookies are pieces of information that a website transfers to an individual's hard drive for record keeping purposes. The use of cookies is standard on the internet and many major websites use them. Our Services use cookies to show us how often users access certain portion of our Services. The Club does not use cookies to retrieve information from your computer that was not originally sent in a cookie. Except as described below, the Club does not use personally identifiable information transferred through cookies for any promotional or marketing purposes, nor does it share such information with any third parties whatsoever.We do not control any cookies of any advertiser sites or linked sites, and our Privacy Policy does not apply to them. If you have questions concerning the use by any advertiser site or linked site of cookies or about any other issues relating to that site's collection, use and distribution of personally identifiable information, then you should review any privacy policy and any other terms and conditions maintained by that site. You may also direct any questions or concerns to the advertiser site's or linked site's website administrator or as otherwise directed by such site.Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If you'd prefer, you can set yours to refuse cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent. However, some parts of our Services may not function properly if you do so. Our Sites do not currently recognize or respond to a Do Not Track signal. SecurityWe have put in place appropriate electronic and other procedures to help prevent unauthorized access of the personally identifiable information we collect on our Services.Although we take appropriate measures to help protect the personally identifiable information we collect on our Services, we cannot guarantee that personally identifiable information will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with our Privacy Policy. In the event that we are required by law to inform you of any unauthorized access to your personally identifiable information, we may choose to notify you electronically, in writing, or by telephone.
Choices
The Club offers users the opportunity to stop receiving future communications from us via our Services. The Club additionally provides users the opportunity to update and modify information they have provided by visiting the "Fan Forum" section of our Services.
Miscellaneous
The Club reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time by posting any such change on our Services. When a change occurs, we will notify you by posting a notice on our Site. The terms and provisions of the Agreement on Terms and Conditions of Use are hereby incorporated in this Privacy Policy by reference. This Privacy Policy, and all claims or issues regarding any of our Services, shall be governed according to the laws of the State of Missouri, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law. Except as otherwise required by law, any legal action concerning this Privacy Policy or any of our Services must be brought within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises and must be brought in the State of Missouri. You hereby waive any argument that any such court does not have jurisdiction over you or such dispute or that venue in any such court is not appropriate or convenient. If any part of this Privacy Policy is deemed invalid or unenforceable according to applicable law, the remainder of this Privacy Policy shall continue in effect. Our failure to insist upon strict enforcement of any provision of this Privacy Policy shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right.
Contact Us
Questions regarding this Privacy Policy should be directed to Director of Digital Media, St. Louis Blues Hockey Club, L.P., Scottrade Center, 1401 Clark Avenue, St. Louis, MO 63103 or by e-mail to Webmaster@stlblues.com.
None of NHL ICE, NHL Enterprises, L.P., NHL Enterprises Canada, L.P., NHL Enterprises B.V., the National Hockey League and its other member clubs, nor any of their respective officers, directors, governors, owners, other officials, partners, partnerships, principals, employees, affiliates and other related entities, servants, agents, representatives, successors and assigns, have any control of, or responsibility or liability for, our use, disclosure, storage or transmission of any personally identifiable information collected through our Sites.