https://www.canaanresort.com/privacy-policy
We are currently updating our online booking capabilities. Please feel free to call the front desk to book your reservation: 304-866-4121
Close MENU
Home
Privacy Policy
Read Our Privacy Policy
This privacy policy applies to the website operated by U.S. Hotel & Resort Management, Inc. referred to as "U.S. Hotel & Resort Management" herein.
Website Visitors
Except as described below, U.S. Hotel & Resort Management does not collect or require visitors to the website to furnish personally identifying information such as names, email addresses, and phone numbers. Like most website operators, U.S. Hotel & Resort Management does collect non-personally identifying information that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, operating system, language preference, referring site and date and time of each visitor request. U.S. Hotel & Resort Management also collects potentially-personally identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. These are non-personally identifying in and of themselves, but could be used in conjunction with other information to personally identify users.
U.S. Hotel & Resort Management's purpose in collecting this information is to better understand how U.S. Hotel & Resort Management's visitors use its website. To that end, U.S. Hotel & Resort Management may share potentially-personally identifying information with its employees, contractors, service providers, and subsidiaries. U.S. Hotel & Resort Management will not publicly release potentially-personally identifying information except under the same circumstances as U.S. Hotel & Resort Management releases personally identifying information.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Where U.S. Hotel & Resort Management has collected personally identifying information, it discloses that information only to those of its employees, contractors, service providers, and subsidiaries that need to know that information in order to process it on U.S. Hotel & Resort Management's behalf and that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Additionally, U.S. Hotel & Resort Management may need to transfer personally identifying information to an affiliate or successor in the event of a change of our corporate structure or status, such as in the event of a restructuring, sale, or bankruptcy. We will retain any personally identifying information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy policy. U.S. Hotel & Resort Management does not rent or sell personally identifying information to anyone.
Cookies
What Are Cookies? A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Most major websites use cookies. Because the browser provides this cookie information to the website at each visit, cookies serve as a sort of label that allows a website to "recognize" a browser when it returns to the site. The domain name in U.S. Hotel & Resort Management cookies will clearly identify their affiliation with U.S. Hotel & Resort Management and, where applicable, its third-party service provider.
How We Use Cookies. U.S. Hotel & Resort Management's website uses cookies to help U.S. Hotel & Resort Management identify and track visitors, their usage of the U.S. Hotel & Resort Management website, and their website access preferences across multiple requests and visits to U.S. Hotel & Resort Management's website. The basic idea is to gather aggregate data about how people use the U.S. Hotel & Resort Management website. The term usually used to describe this is "web analytics" and the cookies are the tools by which a website owner collects this web analytics data.
U.S. Hotel & Resort Management will use the web analytics data only to determine aggregate usage patterns for our website as described above. The U.S. Hotel & Resort Management website does this by using either our own internal analytics software or by sending this information to a third-party service provider to help U.S. Hotel & Resort Management analyze this data. U.S. Hotel & Resort Management has agreements with its third-party service providers that they will not share this information with others or use the information for purposes other than to maintain the services they provide to U.S. Hotel & Resort Management. It is possible to link cookies to personally identifying information, thereby permitting website operators, including our third-party analytics providers, to track the online movements of particular individuals. U.S. Hotel & Resort Management does not do so and its third-party service providers are not allowed to correlate U.S. Hotel & Resort Management data with any other data.
U.S. Hotel & Resort Management uses the information provided by cookies to develop a better understanding of how U.S. Hotel & Resort Management's visitors use U.S. Hotel & Resort Management's website, and to facilitate those visitors' interactions with U.S. Hotel & Resort Management's website. U.S. Hotel & Resort Management may make the aggregate data obtained from web analytics (including from our third-party analytics providers, if applicable) publicly available. If this data is made available, none of the information will be personally identifying information or potentially-personally identifying information.
How to Control the Use of Cookies. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. U.S. Hotel & Resort Management visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers by U.S. Hotel & Resort Management, its contractors, or third-party service providers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before linking to U.S. Hotel & Resort Management's website. Certain features of U.S. Hotel & Resort Management's website may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Opt-out Procedures
If you do not want data about your visits to the U.S. Hotel & Resort Management website to be collected by Google Analytics, you can install the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on. The add-on keeps your visits anonymous and prohibits any data from being sent to Google Analytics. Additionally, if you signed up to receive but no longer wish to receive electronic marketing communications from U.S. Hotel & Resort Management, you can opt-out from receiving these communications by following the “unsubscribe” instructions in any such communication you receive.
Children
U.S. Hotel & Resort Management's website is not directed to individuals under the age of thirteen (13), and we request that such individuals do not provide personally identifying information through our website.
Legal Process and Other Disclosures
Consistent with our privacy commitments, we will scrutinize third party requests for information about you for compliance with the law, including those coming from governmental agencies or civil litigants. We may access, use, preserve or disclose information about you only when we have a good faith belief that it is reasonably necessary to do so to satisfy the applicable law, regulation, legal process or lawful governmental request of any country, or to protect the rights, property or safety of U.S. Hotel & Resort Management, its users or the public. We will provide notice of legal process or governmental requests unless prohibited to do so by law or the circumstances warrant otherwise.
Privacy Policy Changes
By using the website, you agree to the terms and conditions of this privacy policy. If you do not agree to the terms and conditions of this privacy policy, please do not use the website. U.S. Hotel & Resort Management may change its Privacy Policy from time to time. Any and all changes will be reflected on this page.
Specials & Packages
Stay & Ski Packages
Plan a ski getaway this winter with friends and family to Canaan Valley Resort
View Details
Stay 3 & Save
Save 20% when you stay 3 or more consecutive nights at Canaan Valley Resort.
View Details
Bed & Breakfast Package
Enjoy a relaxing getaway at this mountain resort with daily breakfast included the each morning
View Details
View All Specials
Email Updates
Sign up to receive occasional emails about upcoming promotions and events happening at Canaan Valley Resort and Conference Center.
230 Main Lodge Rd.
Davis, West Virginia 26260
Toll-Free: 800-622-4121
Direct: 304-866-4121
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
Search
Events
News
Directions
Contact Us
800.622.4121
© 2020 Regency Hotel Management Company
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
Employment
Site by