http://www.ballymacgaa.com/privacy-policy/
Home
News
Weekly Notes
Match Report
ScÛr News
AGM Reports
Featured News
Teams
Senior
Senior County League Division 2 2020
Fixtures
Results
News
Minor
Minor Fixtures & Results
Minor News
Juvenile
Fixtures & Results Coiste na n”g
Academy
Juvenile Galleries
Juvenile News
Eric Mason Memorial Cup
Ladies
News
Ladies Senior News
Ladies Minor News
Underage
U16 Girls
U14 Girls
U12 Girls
Health & Wellbeing
Recent News
Healthy Club
Healty Club Social
Covid
Bookings
Main Pitch Bookings
Training Pitch Booking
Meeting Room Booking
Galleries
Fundraising
Run Ballymac
Lotto
Golf Classic
Strictly Love Dancing
Forms
Coaching
Coaching News
Coaching Downloads
Contact Us
Committee
Coiste na n”g Committee
Ladies Board Committee
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
Austin Stacks GAA does not collect, use or retain any Credit Card or any financial data of users of this website.
Any information submitted by users for the purpose of playing the Lotto or for membership is not retained on our website or servers. That information is processed securely by clubforce.com. please refer to their Privacy Policy.
By submitting your personal information to us, you signify your consent to our using the information provided in the manner described above. If we amend our privacy policy, any changes will be published on this web site. If at any time you wish to update the information which we hold about you, please contact us.
Play Ball
Club Main Sponsor
Forms
e-Vetting
Our Sponsors
Ballymac GAA on Facebook
Ballymac GAA on Twitter
Tweets by Ballymac_gaa
About Ballymac GAA
About Ballymac GAA Club
Ballymac GAA - A Brief History
Links
GAA Website
Kerry GAA Website
Kerry Ladies Football
Kerry Coiste na n”g
Legal Stuff
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy