http://www.gcv.org/privacy-policy/
Preparing Image files, please wait...
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This is the web site of Genesee Country Village & Museum.
Our postal address is 1410 Flint Hill Road, Mumford, NY 14511
We can be reached via e-mail or you can reach us by telephone at (585) 538-6822.
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes only the consumer's domain name, but not the e-mail address (where possible).
We only collect the domain name and information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations.
With respect to cookies: we do not set any cookies.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us an e-mail or by opting out of our e-newsletter.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by calling us at the number provided above.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed on-line.
With respect to Ad Servers: we do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
From time to time, we may use user information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.
Users may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by e-mailing us at info@gcv.org.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number) that we maintain about them. Users can access this information by e-mailing us at the above address. Users can have this information corrected by sending us an e-mail.
With respect to security: we do not collect sensitive information such as financial or health information.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number.
Yuletide in the Country Video
December 9 to December 22
Join us online for Yuletide in the Country!
Holiday Shopping Guide
November 8 to December 18
Complete some holiday shopping with us!
Yuletide Pancake Breakfast
December 5 to December 20
Celebrate the holiday season alongside family and friends with a tasty pancake breakfast and a socially distant appearance from St Nick himself!
Yuletide Open House
December 5 to December 20
Wander through the decorated Village, meet St. Nicholas, and sample holiday treats.
Meet the Museum - Home for the Holidays Programs
December 1 to December 15
Let GCV&M bring the Museum right into your home or classroom!
view more events
view all events