http://www.skipeak.com/legal/privacy-policy
Latest posts from the Blog
4th
Dec
4 Reasons To Go Ice Fishing This Winter
27th
Nov
5 Important Things To Pack For Your First Family Ski Trip
PRIVACY AND COOKIE POLICIES At Ski Peak we are committed to protecting your privacy and maintaining the trust and confidence of visitors to our website. This Privacy Policy details what personal information we collect and why we collect it, how we use your information and how you can access and update it. WHO WE ARE
Ski Peak Ltd (or Peak Adventures, our summer operation, which operates under the same registered business).The holidays offered are operated by Ski Peak Ltd. Our Registered office is Windwhiste, Crossways Road, Grayshtt, Surrey, GU26 6HD. Company Number. 02285942WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU? We collect information while you use our website, use our contact form and sign up to our email newsletter and when you supply us with information when you stay with us. The personal information we collect from you while using the site includes your IP address and information about what pages are accessed and when. If you contact us or sign up to our email newsletter, we might also collect your name, address, email address and telephone number. Website usage information is collected using cookies (see below). If you subscribe to our email newsletter, your information will be stored in our bespoke campaign monitor newsletter system called Pantry.
We have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard the information we collect. Any personal information is kept private and securely stored until a time it is no longer needed, or until you request that we remove it from our records. HOW WILL WE USE THE INFORMATION ABOUT YOU? If you subscribe to our email newsletter, we will contact you by email with information about Ski Peak such as special offers, news, details of upcoming events, updates about changes to our services and suppliers we may be working with. We do not share email lists with other organisations and businesses. We deliver our newsletter via a third use a third party provider called Pantry. We gather statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies to help us monitor and improve our e-newsletter. You can unsubscribe from our mailing list or update your preferences at any time by clicking the ‘Unsubscribe’ link at the bottom of any of our marketing emails or by emailing info@skieak.net. If you fill out a contact form on our website, we will use the details to contact you by email or telephone in relation to your enquiry. If you make a booking with Ski Peak we will use your information to provide the best service possible for your holiday. This information may include but is not limited to names, date of birth, email addresses, postal address, telephone numbers, dietary and other relevant health information.
This information is held securely and only used for the purpose of providing the current holiday and any future holidays. When you pay for a holiday over the phone, your card information is not kept. It is destroyed the same day it is used, adhering to the law.  We will never rent, lease or sell your data to other companies or individuals. We will only transfer your personal information to a third-party if required by law to do so. If you are unhappy with how we have collected or used your data, you have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioners Office (ICO), the UK Advisory Authority for data protection issues (www.ico.org.uk). We would however, if possible, always appreciate the opportunity to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO. HOW IS YOUR INFORMATION USED? We may use your information:
To ensure that the content on the site is presented in the most efficient way for you and the computer that you are using To provide you with information relating to our website, product or our services that you request from us To seek your views or comments on the services we provide To notify you about any changes to our websites, including improvements and service or product changes To send you communications which you have requested and that may be of interest to you For our internal purposes including statistical or survey purposes, quality control, site performance and evaluation in order to improve our website To administer the website SHARING YOUR DATA Your privacy is important to us and we confirm that we will never release your personal details to any third party for mailing and marketing purposes. THIRD PARTIES AND SERVICE PROVIDERS We may pass your information to our third-party service providers, such as the lift pass office, ski schools or the garderie, for the purposes of completing tasks and providing services to you that you have requested. However, when we use third party service providers, we disclose only the personal information that is necessary to deliver that service. ACCESS TO YOUR INFORMATION You have the right to access any data that relates to you, to delete it, and to object to its use for marketing. You can also check, correct and update your information (for instance, if you change address or email address). To do this, please contact us on +44 (0)1428 608070COOKIES Like many other websites, the Ski Peak website uses cookies, which are small pieces of information sent by an organisation to your computer and stored on your hard drive to allow that website to recognise you when you visit. They are used to tailor your return visits and provide a more personalised experience, or to assist in monitoring website usage. They do not allow us to identify you as an individual. It is possible to disable cookies using your browser preferences. Please note that turning off cookies may affect the functionality of our website GOOGLE ANALYTICS When someone visits the Ski Peak website we use a third party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. It helps us to understand how you use this site and determine ways that we can improve your experience. For example, it may track things such as how long you spend on the site and which pages you visit so that we can continue to produce engaging content. All this information is collected anonymously and is used to help us improve our site. For more information on Google Analytics cookies, see the official Google policies page. LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES Our websites may contain links to other websites, plug-ins and applications run by other organisations. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. This privacy policy applies only to our website and what we do, so we encourage you to read the privacy statements on the other websites that you visit. We cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of other sites even if you access them using links from our website. In addition, if you linked to our website from a third party site, we cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of the owners and operators of that third party site and recommend that you check the policy of that third party site. We keep our privacy policy under regular review and we will place any updates on this page. This privacy policy was last updated on 24 August 2018.