http://www.golfcapdepera.com/privacy-cookies
Menu
Privacy & Cookie policy
Like most websites, this site uses cookies to enhance the user experience. Below you will find information about what “cookies” are, what type of cookies this website uses, how you can disable cookies in your browser and how to specifically disable the installation of third party cookies. If you don’t find the specific information you are looking for, please go to info@capdeperagolf.com¿What are cookies?Cookies are small files that some platforms, such as web pages, can install on your computer, smartphone, tablet or connected TV. Their functions can be very varied: to store your browsing preferences, to collect statistical information, to allow certain technical features, etc. Occasionally, cookies are used to store basic information about the browsing habits of the user or their equipment, to the extent that, where appropriate, they may be recognised.¿Why are they important?Cookies are useful for several reasons. From a technical point of view, they allow web pages to work more flexibly and adapt to your preferences, for example to store your language or your country’s currency. In addition, they help website developers to improve the services offered, thanks to the statistical information collected through them. Finally, they serve to streamline the advertising we show, thanks to which we can offer services for free¿How do we use cookies?Browsing this site implies that the following types of cookies can be installed:Cookies for improving performanceThis type of cookie retains your preferences for certain tools or services so that they do not have to be reconfigured every time you visit our website and, in some cases, they may be provided by third parties. Some examples are: volume of audiovisual players, management preferences of articles or supported video playback speeds. In the case of e-commerce, they allow information about your shopping cart to be maintained.Cookies for statistical analysisThese are cookies, properly handled by us or by third parties, which allow us to quantify the number of visitors and statistically analyse the use that users make of our services. Thanks to this we can study the browsing habits of our website and thus improve the offer of products or services that we offer.Geolocation cookiesThese cookies are used by programs that try to geographically identify the location of the computer, smartphone, tablet or connected TV, in order to anonymously provide you with the most appropriate content and services.Tracking cookiesWhen you sign up to our website, cookies are generated to identify you as a registered user and indicate when you have logged into the site.These cookies are used to identify your user account and its associated services. They are maintained whilst you still have an account, close the browser or switch off the device.These cookies can be used in combination with analytical data to individually identify your preferences on our website.Advertising cookiesThese are cookies, properly handled by us or by third parties, which allow the effective management of advertising spaces on our website, adapting the advert content to the requested service or to the use made of our website. Thanks to this we can discover your web browsing habits and show you advertising related to your browsing profile.Other third party cookiesThird party cookies that allow the management and improvement of the services offered may be installed on some of our pages. An example of this use is a link to social networks that allow you to share our content.List of third parties that install cookies: Akamai, Marfeel, Google, Comscore, 24/7Media, Criteo, Nielsen NetRatings, Right Media, SMART Adserver, Doubleclick, Facebook, MediaMind, Adforma3, Twitter, Weborama, Tradedoubler. ¿How can i set my preferences and revoke my consent to the acceptance of cookies?You can allow, block or delete cookies installed on your computer, and also revoke any consent previously given, by configuring your web browser options. If they are blocked, certain services that require their use may not be available to you.Below are links where you will find information about how to activate your preferences on the main browsers:Google ChromeMozilla FirefoxInternet ExplorerSafari para IOS (iPhone, iPad)Cookies Flash
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkRead more