https://www.ruggerland.co.nz/terms-of-use/
We are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. This Privacy Policy governs the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information by us and has been prepared in accordance with our obligations and your rights set out in the Privacy Act 1993. We reserve the right to modify or amend this Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason. By using this Site you consent to our use of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy (as amended from time to time).
This Privacy Policy explains:
What kind of personal information we collect
Where we collect personal information from
How we use personal information
How we store personal information
How you can access/amend your personal information
How long we hold personal information
Who you can contact for further information
What kind of personal information we collect We collect only the personal information you give us (including name, date of birth, email address, and contact telephone numbers).
Where we collect personal information from We collect personal information from the following sources:
Directly when you register to the Rugger Club
By you sending us an email enquiring about information on us or anything on this Site
Indirectly through your use of this Site and the services and functionality offered through it
How we use personal informationWe use your personal information for the following purposes:
Providing you with information about Ruggerland
Replying to your queries
Posting information and messages on the Site
How we store personal information We store personal information electronically and in paper form. The personal information is kept safe and secure using generally accepted standards of security.
How you can access/amend your personal informationYou may access your personal information we hold by emailing us at ruggerland@nzrugby.co.nz . We will provide you with a copy of the personal information we keep about you.
You may request that your personal information we hold be corrected by emailing us at ruggerland@nzrugby.co.nz . If we agree that your personal information is to be corrected we will provide you with an amended record of your personal information.
How long we hold personal information We will keep your personal information only for as long as necessary to achieve the purpose we collected it for.
Who you can contact for further information If you have any queries about this Privacy Policy or personal information we have collected please contact:
Privacy Contract Person: Website Administrator
Email address: help@nzrugby.co.nz
Organisation name: NZRFU
Address: 1 Hinemoa Street, Harbour Quays, Wellington
Postal Address: P O Box 2172, Wellington