http://www.national-football-teams.com/privacy_en.html
Start
Data Privacy Statement
Data Privacy Statement
Data Privacy Policy
Our website
may be used without entering personal information. Different rules may apply to
certain services on our site, however, and are explained separately below. We
collect personal information from you (e.g. name, address, email address,
telephone number, etc.) in accordance with the provisions of German data
protection statutes. Information is considered personal if it can be associated
exclusively to a specific natural person. The legal framework for data
protection may be found in the German Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG) and the
Telemedia Act (TMG). The provisions below serve to provide information as to
the manner, extent and purpose for collecting, using and processing personal
information by the provider.
Benjamin Strack-Zimmermann
Donnerstr. 18
DE-22763 Hamburg
Germany
benjamin@national-football-teams.com
https://www.national-football-teams.com/contact.html
Please be
aware that data transfer via the internet is subject to security risks and,
therefore, complete protection against third-party access to transferred data
cannot be ensured.
Cookies
Our website
makes use of so-called cookies in order to recognize repeat use of our website
by the same user/internet connection subscriber. Cookies are small text files
that your internet browser downloads and stores on your computer. They are used
to improve our website and services. In most cases these are so-called "session
cookies" that are deleted once you leave our website.
To an extent, however, these cookies also pass along information used to automatically
recognize you. Recognition occurs through an IP address saved to the cookies. The
information thereby obtained is used to improve our services and to expedite
your access to the website.
You can prevent cookies from being installed by adjusting the settings on your
browser software accordingly. You should be aware, however, that by doing so you
may not be able to make full use of all the functions of our website.
Server Data
For
technical reasons, data such as the following, which your internet browser
transmits to us or to our web space provider (so called server log files), is
collected:
- type and version of the browser you use
- operating system
- websites that linked you to our site (referrer URL)
- websites that you visit
- date and time of your visit
- your Internet Protocol (IP) address.
This anonymous data is stored separately from any personal information you may
have provided, thereby making it impossible to connect it to any particular
person. The data is used for statistical purposes in order to improve our
website and services.
Contacting Us
On our
website we offer you the opportunity to contact us, either by email and/or by
using a contact form. In such event, information provided by the user is stored
for the purpose of facilitating communications with the user. No data is
transferred to third parties. Nor is any of this information matched to any
information that may be collected by other components of our website.
Use of reCAPTCHA
In order to protect input forms on our site, we use the “reCAPTCHA” service of Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043 USA, hereinafter "Google." By means of this service it can be distinguished whether the corresponding input is of human origin or is created improperly by automated machine processing.
To our knowledge, the referrer URL, the IP address, the behaviour of the website visitors, information about the operating system, browser and length of stay, cookies, display instructions and scripts, user input behaviour and mouse movements in the “reCAPTCHA” checkbox are conveyed to “Google.”
Google uses the information obtained, among other things, to digitize books and other printed matter as well as to optimize services such as Google Street View and Google Maps (e.g. house number and street name recognition).
The IP address provided as part of “reCAPTCHA” is not merged with other data from Google unless you are logged into your Google Account at the time the "reCAPTCHA" plug-in is used. If you want to prevent this transmission and storage of data by “Google” about you and your behaviour on our website, you must log out of “Google” before you visit our site or before using the reCAPTCHA plug-in.
The use of the “reCAPTCHA” service is according to the Google Terms of Use:
https://www.google.com/intl/de/policies/privacy/.
Use of the web analysis service PIWIK
Our website
uses the web analysis service PIWIK. To carry out this analysis, PIWIK uses cookies.
Cookies are small text files that are stored to your computer and provide
analysis of your use of the site.
The information generated by these cookies, such as time, place and frequency
of your visits to our site, including your IP address, are transmitted to our
PIWIK server and stored there. As part of this process, you IP address is
immediately anonymized so that you as user remain anonymous to us. The
information generated by the cookie about your use of this site is not
transferred to third parties. You can prevent cookies from being
installed by adjusting the settings on your browser software accordingly. You
should be aware, however, that by doing so you may not be able to make full use
of all the functions of our website.
Should you be unwilling to have this data about your use of the site stored and
analyzed, you may at any time subsequently withdraw your consent to it being
stored and used with a click of the mouse. A so-called opt-out cookie is then
placed on your browser, and as a result Piwik will no longer collect any data
on your visits. Please be aware that, should you delete cookies from your
browser settings, the opt-out cookie from PIWIK may also be deleted and will
need to be reactivated.
Please note:
Where the option applies, the opt-out option previously described can be
integrated at this point. Accordingly, the required code must be incorporated
into the website:
Use of Facebook components
Our
website employs components provided by facebook.com. Facebook is a service of Facebook
Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA.
Each time our website receives an access request equipped with a Facebook
component, the component prompts your browser to download an image of this Facebook
component. Through this process, Facebook is informed precisely which page of
our website is being visited.
When you access our site while logged into Facebook, Facebook uses information
gathered by this component to identify the precise page you are viewing and
associates this information to your personal account on Facebook. Whenever you
click on the “Like“ button, for example, or enter a comment, this information
is transmitted to your personal account on Facebook and stored there. In
addition, Facebook is informed of your visit to our website. This occurs
regardless of whether you click on a component or not.
If you wish to prevent the transfer to and storage of data by Facebook about
you and your interaction with our website, you must first log out of Facebook
before visiting our website. The data protection policies of Facebook provide
additional information, in particular about the collection and use of data by Facebook,
your rights in this regard as well as the options available to you for
protecting your privacy: https://de-de.facebook.com/about/privacy/
You
can find an overview of Facebook plugins at https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/
Use of Twitter recommendation components
Our website
employs components provided by Twitter. Twitter is a service of Twitter Inc.,
795 Folsom St., Suite 600, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA.
Each time our website receives an access request equipped
with a Twitter component, the component prompts your browser to download an
image of this component from Twitter. Through this process, Twitter is informed
precisely which page of our website is being visited.
We have no control over the data that Twitter collects in the process, or over
the extent of the data that Twitter collects. To the best of our knowledge,
Twitter collects the URL of each website accessed as well as the IP address of
the user, but does so solely for the purpose of displaying Twitter components. Additional
information may be obtained from the Twitter data privacy policy, at: http://twitter.com/privacy.
You
may change your data privacy settings in your account settings, at http://twitter.com/account/settings.
Information/Cancellation/Deletion
On the basis
of the Federal Data Protection Act, you may contact us at no cost if you have
questions relating to the collection, processing or use of your personal
information, if you wish to request the correction, blocking or deletion of the
same, or if you wish to cancel explicitly granted consent. Please note that you
have the right to have incorrect data corrected or to have personal data
deleted, where such claim is not barred by any legal obligation to retain this
data.
Sample Data Privacy Policy Statement provided by the Law Offices of Weiß & Partner