http://www.orchardleighgolf.co.uk/privacy-policy/
By continuing to use our site, you agree to our Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy & CookiesSecurityWe are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.How we use cookiesA cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies.Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.We also collect cookies and data for Google Analytics which will allow us to collect user data to provide advertisments online in the future and analyse the demographic of our audience, this include aspect such as gender, age and location. You can opt out of Google Analytics data collection by following this link.Links to other websitesOur website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest easily. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other privacy policy website.Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.Controlling your personal informationYou may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:Whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes.If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us.We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to us.If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address.We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Membership
We are pleased to offer both corporate and individual memberships.
Societies
Our team will happily coordinate all aspects of the day, to ensure you have the most enjoyable day.
Corporate
We offer a selection of corporate memberships, as well as a build your own Golf Day package.
Book a Tee Time
Use our online tee time booking service to book your tee time today.
Tuition And Driving Range
We are proud to offer some of the finest practice facilities in the region.
Dining
There's always a warm welcome. It's a great place to meet up with friends and enjoy delicious food.
Course Status: Course Status - GOLF COURSE OPEN. - CARRY ONLY
CARRY ONLY
NO BUGGIES OR TROLLEYS
EVERYONE MUST ADHERE TO THE SOCIAL DISTANCING AND SAFETY MEASURES WE HAVE IN PLACE. PLEASE STAY 2 METRES APART AT ALL TIMES. ANYONE FOUND BREAKING THESE RULES WILL BE ASKED TO LEAVE
PLEASE PLAY SAFE, STAY SAFE!!
Last updated: Thursday 10th December, 08:24