https://www.ritson-sole.com/privacy-policy/
(800) 624-4653
Golf School Home Page LocationsMyrtle Beach Golf SchoolNorth Carolina Golf SchoolNew York Golf School ProgramsVIP Program 3 Day Golf School 2 Day Golf School 1 Day Golf School Private Lessons 9-Hole Playing Lessons Seniors School Juniors Golf School, Myrtle Beach, SC Alumni Program International Golf Vacations Golf Instructors Rates SpecialsRegister Online About Us Our History Top 25 Golf School Trip Advisor Reviews Testimonials Frequently Asked Questions ShopPowerChute Contact Us
(800) 624-4653 Mel Sole’s Monthly Video Golf Tips Golf School Blog Golf Shop: Training Aids & Gifts Online Golf Instructions
Mel Sole’s Monthly Video Golf Tips Golf School Blog Golf Shop: Training Aids & Gifts Online Golf Instructions
Privacy Policy This is the web site of Mel Sole Golf School.
Our postal address is P.O. Box 2580
Pawleys Island, SC 29585 We can be reached via e-mail at info@ritson-sole.com or you can reach us by telephone at 1-800-624-4653.
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes only the consumer’s domain name, but not the e-mail address (where possible).
We collect only the domain name, but not the e-mail address of visitors to our Web page, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations.
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web page, used by us to contact consumers for regarding the information they have requested.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you will only receive the information for which you provided us your address.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed on-line or information they have requested. Cookies We use cookies to record session information, such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart, record past activity at a site in order to provide better service when visitors return to our site. Ad Servers We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies. Security We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site and when we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial or health information, we redirect visitors to a secure server.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and we will use for these new purposes only data collected from the time of the policy change forward. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to all information [including proprietary information] that we maintain about them, communications that the consumer/visitor has directed to our site (e.g., e-mails, customer inquiries), contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number) that we maintain about them, a description of information that we maintain about them.Consumers can access this information by e-mail us at the above address.
Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information, communications that the consumer/visitor has directed to the site. Consumers can have this information corrected by sending us e-mail at the above address.Search…  800-624-4653  Ready to Take Your Game to the Next Level?Register Now Certificate of Excellence 2012, 2013, 2014 & 2016 WinnerRead Reviews Want To Play Better Golf?Get Mel’s Insider Tips, Subscriber-Only Specials, Win Prizes and More! Plus, All New Members Are Entered In a Draw For a FREE 3-Day Golf School!Privacy Policy Golf AcademyLogin to view lessons
Golf School Home Page LocationsMyrtle Beach Golf SchoolNorth Carolina Golf SchoolNew York Golf School ProgramsVIP Program 3 Day Golf School 2 Day Golf School 1 Day Golf School Private Lessons 9-Hole Playing Lessons Seniors School Juniors Golf School, Myrtle Beach, SC Alumni Program International Golf Vacations Golf Instructors Rates SpecialsRegister Online About Us Our History Top 25 Golf School Trip Advisor Reviews Testimonials Frequently Asked Questions ShopPowerChute Contact Us