http://www.wakeboarder.com/other/privacy.phtml
Ronix Wakeboards
HOME
FORUMS
PHOTOS
GEARSHOPCLASSIFIEDS
Newsletter
Search
Site Categories
News
Trick Tips
Trick List
Features
Product Reviews
Discussion Forums
Wakeboard Gear Guide
Glossary
Event Schedule
Wakeskating
Wakesurfing
Slider Plans
Wakeboard Companies
Wakeboard Blog
E-mail
Links
Updated Articles
Discussion Forums
Beginner Questions
General Discussion
Wakeboard Boats
Trick Tips
Non-Wakeboarding
Wakeskating
Ladies Lounge
All Forums
Photos and Videos
Member Galleries
Wakeboard Photos
Wakeboard Videos
Video Music
Wakeboard Gear
Wakeboards
Hyperlite Wakeboards
Liquid Force Wakeboards
CWB Wakeboards
Byerly Wakeboards
Slingshot Wakeboards
Ronix Wakeboards
Wakeboard Bindings
Hyperlite Bindings
Liquid Force Bindings
CWB Bindings
Byerly Bindings
Slingshot Bindings
Wakeboard Packages
Wakeskates
Wakesurf Boards
Acme Propellers
Life Vests
Spy Sunglasses
Electric Sunglasses
Reef Sandals
Wakeboard Shop
Company Info
Contact UsContributeAdvertising InfoStaffPrivacy PolicyLink to Us
RSS Feeds
Articles Feed
Forums
Feed
About RSS
Boardstop Quick Links
Wakeboards
Ronix Wakeboards
Hyperlite Wakeboards
Liquid Force Wakeboards
CWB Wakeboards
Byerly Wakeboards
Slingshot Wakeboards
Wakeboard Bindings
Ronix Bindings
Hyperlite Bindings
Liquid Force Bindings
CWB Bindings
Byerly Bindings
Slingshot Bindings
Wakeboard Packages
Wakeskates
Wakesurf Boards
Wakeboarding News
Wakeboarder.com Privacy Policy
Wakeboarder.com
provides a variety of online services. Because the success of
Wakeboarder.com is dependent on building and
maintaining goodwill with our visitors, we are committed
to implementing measures designed to protect the privacy of
those using our services. Moreover, we see it as our
responsibility to set examples and help establish the
standards for privacy on the Internet.
Although Wakeboarder.com respects the privacy of all those
who visit our web site and use our online services, we do
collect information from our members and visitors. This
Privacy Policy governs your interaction with the
Wakeboarder.com web site, and your registration for and
use of Wakeboarder.com's online services. Except as set
forth within this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service and
other published guidelines, we do not release personally
identifiable information about out members and visitors
without their permission.
Please note that Wakeboarder.com reviews its privacy
practices from time to time, and that those practices are
therefore subject to change. We ask that you bookmark and
periodically review this page to ensure continuing familiarity
with the most current version of our Privacy Policy. To contact
Wakeboarder.com about privacy issues, to report a violation
of our Privacy Policy, or to raise any other issue, please e-mail
us at ed@wakeboarder.com.
The information we gather
Wakeboarder.com gathers two types of information about
users:
(1) Non-personally identifiable information: When visitors
come to our web site, we collect and aggregate information
indicating, among other things, which pages were visited, the
order in which they were visited, and which hyperlinks were
"clicked." Collecting such information involves the logging of
IP addresses, operating system and browser software used
by each visitor to the Wakeboarder.com web site. Although
such information is not personally identifiable, we can
determine from the IP address a visitor's Internet Service
Provider and the geographic location of his or her point of
connectivity.
The non-personally identifiable information we collect helps
us identify the most popular areas of our web site and
determine the effectiveness of our promotional activities. In
addition, we may disclose some of this information to
advertisers to inform them of the number of people who have
seen and/or clicked through their advertisements.
For the same purposes, we may use "cookies" - that is, small
text files placed on your computer's hard drive - to help us
determine the type of content and sites to which you link, the
length of time you spend at any particular area of the
Wakeboarder.com site, and the Wakeboarder.com services
you choose to use. Cookies also tell us which advertising you
have seen on our site. Essentially, cookies are your
identification cards for the Wakeboarder.com computers, or
servers, that placed them there. Cookies are only read by the
server that placed them, and are unable to execute any code
or virus.
Cookies allow Wakeboarder.com to serve you better and
more efficiently, and to personalize your experience at
Wakeboarder.com's web site. Nevertheless, you should be
able to control how and whether cookies will be accepted by
your web browser. For more information on how to do so,
please refer to the documentation accompanying your
browser.
(2) Personally identifiable information: In certain areas of the
Wakeboarder.com web site - we request, but
do not require, that you provide us with personally identifiable
information (including, for example, first name, surname,
street address, email address, telephone number, and when
applicable, credit card information).
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable
information from children (defined herein as minors younger
than thirteen years of age) without obtaining parental consent.
Before registering for membership with Wakeboarder.com,
we ask that children have their parents read our Privacy
Policy. Before and during the registration process, we
encourage children to include a parent or guardian in the
process.
Wakeboarder.com does not control the acts of its members
or visitors. All members and visitors should be aware that,
when they disclose personally identifiable information in a
bulletin board, chat room, guestbook, or other forum, the
information may be collected and used by others to send that
person unsolicited email from other parties outside
Wakeboarder.com. In the event that you encounter any
Wakeboarder.com user who is improperly collecting or
using information about you or other users, please contact
ed@wakeboarder.com.
How we use (and do not use) the information we gather
Please take some time to familiarize yourself with the different
ways Wakeboarder.com uses the information that it gathers.
Keep in mind that, while Wakeboarder.com encourages all
third parties involved - including but not limited to its affiliates
and advertisers - to adhere to our policies regarding the
privacy of our visitors and members and to otherwise handle
personal information in a responsible manner, we cannot
and do not assume any responsibility for any actions or
omissions of third parties, including the manner in which they
use information received either from Wakeboarder.com or
independently. Nevertheless, in the event you encounter any
third party associated with, or who claims association with
Wakeboarder.com who you feel is improperly collecting or
using information about you, please contact
ed@wakeboarder.com; we will be happy to forward
your message to the third party.
(1) How we use (and do not use) non-personally identifiable
information: We use non-personally identifiable information in
aggregate form to build higher quality, more useful online
services by performing statistical analyses of the collective
characteristics and behavior of our members and visitors,
and by measuring demographics and interests regarding
specific areas of the Wakeboarder.com web site. We provide
statistical information based on this data to advertisers,
affiliates, and other current and potential business partners.
We also use the aggregate data to inform these third parties
as to the number of people who have seen and clicked on
links to their web sites.
The Wakeboarder.com web site contains links to other
Internet web sites. Unless otherwise explicitly stated, we
are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of
such web sites, including such sites' use of any information
(such as IP number, browser type, or operating system)
collected when visitors to the Wakeboarder.com web site
click through links to those sites. Even though such
information might not identify you personally, we strongly
encourage you to become familiar with the privacy practices of
those sites.
2) How we use (and do not use) personally identifiable
information: Wakeboarder.com provides notice to potential
Wakeboarder.com registrants that personally identifiable
information will be collected during the registration process.
Such notice is provided simultaneously with your
Wakeboarder.com registration; moreover, this Privacy Policy
itself serves as notice that such information is collected under
those circumstances. Although you may not "opt out" of the
registration process if you wish to become a
Wakeboarder.com member, you may choose to "opt out" of
receiving promotional materials from Wakeboarder.com
and/or its affiliates, advertisers, or other business partners. If
you do not "opt out" of receiving such promotional materials,
Wakeboarder.com reserves the right to release any
personally identifiable registration information regarding you
to third parties who provide goods or services that we believe
may be of interest to you. We will not release your credit card
information to third parties unless necessary to complete a
transaction between you and such a third party. If you decide
that you would like to discontinue receiving promotional
information from such third parties, please contact those third
parties directly, or contact Wakeboarder.com at
ed@wakeboarder.com.
Wakeboarder.com limits its own e-mail solicitations to those
customers who have not "opted out" of receiving such
communications. The solicitations are limited in that they,
among other things, will clearly indicate the originator of the
e-mail and provide the customer with a method of "opting out"
of receiving future communications of a similar nature.
In addition, Wakeboarder.com sometimes uses individual
data to "target" advertising - to decide which advertisements
and sponsor messages to show to which members. As an
example, if Sponsor Co. wishes to display their advertising
only to female Wakeboarder.com members,
Wakeboarder.com uses member registration data to ensure
that Sponsor Co.'s ads are displayed only to female
members.
Finally, Wakeboarder.com may use individual members'
data to "pre-populate" forms which are displayed for the
purpose of collecting individual data by Wakeboarder.com
and/or its sponsors. In no case does pre-populating a form
automatically transfer any data to any advertiser or third party.
Only if the member voluntarily requests that such data be
transferred will any transfer take place - for example, if/when a
member clicks a "submit form" button or other button.
We reserve the right to release information contained within
our access logs concerning any visitor or member when that
visitor or member is in violation of our Terms of Service or
other published guidelines, or partakes (or is reasonably
suspected of partaking) in any illegal activity, even without a
subpoena, warrant, or other court order, and to release such
information in response to discovery requests. We cooperate
with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who may
be using our servers or services for illegal activities. We also
reserve the right to report any suspected illegal activity to law
enforcement for investigation or prosecution.
If and when Wakeboarder.com sponsors promotions or
sweepstakes, or third parties sponsor promotions or
sweepstakes in conjunction with Wakeboarder.com, either
Wakeboarder.com or the third party will post relevant privacy
information in the official rules and/or registration area for the
promotion or sweepstakes. That privacy information, to the
extent it conflicts with this Privacy Policy, will govern that
particular promotion or sweepstakes.
Changing or deleting personal information
If you would like to have your personally identifiable
information removed from Wakeboarder.com's database,
please contact us at ed@wakeboarder.com, and we
will use reasonable efforts to comply with your request. Keep
in mind, however, that there will be residual information that
will remain within Wakeboarder.com databases, access
logs, and other records, which may or may not contain such
personally identifiable information. The residual information
will not be used for commercial purposes; however
Wakeboarder.com reserves the right, from time to time, to
recontact former customers or users of Wakeboarder.com.
Questions?
Questions regarding this Privacy Policy should be directed to
Wakeboarder.com at ed@wakeboarder.com.
Wake DVDs
The Book
The Book Wakeskate
Parks Doc
Defy
Pull Box Set
In-transit
Rewritten
Volume Wakeskate
Wakesurf Instructional
DVD Favorites
Wakeboarding Videos
Wakeskating Videos
Skateboarding Videos
Snowboarding Videos
Kiteboarding Videos
Surfing Videos
Motocross Videos
Instructionals Videos
Wakeboarder.com Gear
Tshirt
Decals
Partner Sites
Wakeskating
Wakepics
Wakeboards
Wakeboard DVDs
Sector 9 Complete Longboards
Copyright 1997-2012 - Wakeboarder.com - All Rights Reserved
Wakeboards - Wakeboard Videos - Wakeskating - Wakepics -
Wakelounge