http://www.nbpa.com/privacypolicy
Share
THE PA
About
Leadership
CBA
Careers
Contact
Programs & Departments
Career Development
NBPA Grassroots
Mental Wellness Program
Off the Court
Player Benefits
Player Programs
Player Voice Awards
2019 #PVAs
PVA Shop
Top 100 Camp
News
NBPA Foundation
THINK450
Event Space at the NBPA
Agents
Overview
Becoming an Agent
FAQs
Regulations Governing Agents
Agent Directory
Agent Portal
Player Login
Follow:
Privacy Policy
Last updated: June 26, 2019Privacy PolicyThis privacy policy applies to the National Basketball Players Association (“NBPA”) Website located at NBPA.COM and its affiliated websites, including, without limitation, THINK450.COM (the "Website(s)"). The purpose of this privacy policy is to disclose what information we may collect from you, how we may collect it, with whom we may share it, and certain other matters related to such information, including the choices you have regarding our collection of information and our use and disclosure to other parties of information we may have collected from you.The Website(s) is operated by NBPA.When this privacy policy uses the term "personally identifiable information" or "personal information," we mean information that identifies a particular individual, such as your full name, street address or email address. Please read the information below to learn more about our data collection policies and practices. TYPES OF INFORMATION THAT MAY BE COLLECTEDThe following are the types of information we may collect:Information You Provide Us: In the course of using the Website(s), we may ask you to provide us with certain information, such as name, mailing address, email address, phone number, unique identifiers, such as your user ID or user password, demographic information, such as your date of birth, age, gender, education, household income, occupation, favorite team, favorite player, game attendance, home ownership, marital status, or number of children, or similar information.Site Usage Information: We may receive and store certain types of internet usage information whenever you visit the Website(s), such as your IP address.Email Communications: When you open emails from us, we may receive a confirmation noting you opened the email, if your computer supports such capabilities. We also may keep track of what emails we send you. Additionally, we keep a record of what communications you have opted to receive or not to receive. HOW INFORMATION MAY BE COLLECTEDWe may collect information from you in several different areas on the Website(s), including but not limited to those described below:Registration: You may be asked to complete a registration form and provide personally identifiable information; you may also be asked to choose a user ID and password in order to take advantage of certain features the Website(s) may choose to offer. Participation in registration is voluntary and you will have the opportunity to decide whether or not to disclose information to the Website(s).Website Emails:  You may receive a website e-mail by submitting your information on the Website(s). Participation is voluntary and you will have the opportunity to decide whether or not to disclose information to the Website(s). You may also cancel receiving e-mails by following the instructions provided on the Website(s) or in the email. Cookies: As with many Websites, our Website(s) uses a technology called "cookies." A cookie is a unique, random number that is stored in the browser on your computer. The cookie doesn't actually identify you, just the computer that is used to visit the site. Cookies automatically identify your browser to the Website(s) whenever your computer is used to visit the Website(s). Cookies also let us know how many people visit our Website(s) and where visitors go on the site(s). In addition, cookies can let us know non-personally identifiable information, like what web browser is being used to access the Website(s). For registered users, cookies can make using the Website(s) easier for you by saving information such as your passwords or preferences. By tracking how and when you use the Website(s), cookies help us determine which areas are popular and which are not. Many improvements and updates to the Website(s) are based on data obtained from cookies. Accepting cookies allows you, among other things, to personalize your experience on the Website(s). If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, your browser should contain an option that allows you to disable or delete cookie data at any time. Some areas of the Website(s), however, may not provide you with a personalized experience if you have disabled the use of your cookies.Web Beacons and Other Tracking Technology: Our Website(s) uses a variety of technical methods for tracking purposes, including Web beacons. Web beacons are small pieces of data that are embedded in images on the pages of Websites. We also use these technical methods to analyze the traffic patterns on our Website(s), such as the frequency with which our users visit various parts of our Website(s). These technical methods may involve the transmission of information either directly to us or to another part y authorized by us to collect information on our behalf. We also use these technical methods in HTML e-mails that we send our guests to determine whether our guests have opened those e-mails and/or clicked on links in those e-mails. The information from use of these technical methods may be collected in a form that is personally identifiable.IP Addresses and Click-Stream Data: We may collect IP addresses and/or click-stream data. An IP address is a number associated with the service through which you access the Internet, like your ISP (Internet service provider), your company, or your university. Standing alone, your IP address is not personally identifiable. At times, we also use IP addresses for purposes of system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers and sponsors, for example regarding the frequency with which our guests visit various parts of our sites. We may combine this information with personally identifiable information. Click-stream data may include such information as the page served, the time, the source of the request and the type of browser making the request, the preceding page view and other such non-personal information. When analyzed, this data helps us determine how visitors arrive at the Website, what type of content is most popular, what type of visitors in the aggregate are interested in particular kinds of content and advertising, and the like. HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION COLLECTEDAs applicable, the information you provide to us may be used to:contact you about the Website(s);contact you about upcoming events or campaigns;monitor or improve the use of the Website(s); andmonitor compliance with our Terms of Use of the Website(s).WITH WHOM THE INFORMATION MAY BE SHAREDAt times, we may share your personal information with others for various purposes. The following outlines the ways in which your information may be shared with others and the ways in which you may opt-out of having your information shared:Agents: We may employ other businesses, certain services and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include sending e-mails, analyzing the Website(s) and analyzing data.  They may have access to personally identifiable information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for their own purposes, like sending you marketing offers about their products.Subsidiaries and Affiliates: We may share your information (including, without limitation, personally identifiable information) with our subsidiaries and affiliates. If you do not want us to share your information with our subsidiaries and affiliates, you may use the opt-out method detailed in the email.Audience & Traffic Measurement Services: The Website(s) may use a traffic measurement service to analyze the traffic on the Website(s).  Audience & Traffic Measurement Services allow us to collect anonymous traffic and behavior information from the Website(s) by monitoring anonymous visitor activity. Although these companies do not have access to the Website(s) cookies, the traffic measurement services may themselves set and access their own cookies on your computer if you choose to have your cookies enabled in your browser.  Other companies' use of their cookies is subject to their own privacy policies, not this one. Business Transfers: In the event that all or substantially all of our assets are sold or transferred to another party, or another transaction occurs in which your personally identifiable information is one of the business assets transferred, all personally identifiable information that has been collected and saved may be one of the business assets we transfer.Administrative or Legal Process: Your personal information may be transferred to third parties without notice to you in order to comply with applicable law, law enforcement agencies, to protect our rights, or protect the rights of other uses of the Website(s).LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITESYou should be aware that when you are on the Website(s) you could be directed to other websites beyond our control. This includes links from advertisers, sponsors and marketing partners. These other websites may send their own cookies to you, independently collect data or solicit personal information and may or may not have their own published privacy policies. If you visit a website that is linked to the Website(s), you should consult that website's privacy policy before providing any personal information.SECURITYThe Website(s) incorporates reasonable safeguards to protect the security, integrity, completeness, accuracy and privacy of the personal information that we may collect and incorporates reasonable precautions to protect such information from loss, misuse and alteration. Your personally identifiable information is transferred to our computers utilizing encryption software. Only those employees who need access to your information in order to do their jobs are allowed access. Our security policies are reviewed periodically and revised accordingly. We will protect the personal information we collect with security safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the information.Our employeesAccess to your information is restricted to authorized employees who have a legitimate business purpose for accessing it.  Unauthorized access to or disclosure of user information by our employees is prohibited.Security measures These security measures include: database and PGP encryption to safeguard your information, SSL (Secure Sockets Layered) technology to ensure that your information is fully encrypted and sent across the Internet securely.We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems and are required to keep the information confidential.EUROPEAN PRIVACY RIGHTSWe adhere to applicable data protection laws in the European Union (“EU”).  In accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), users who are located in the EU have the following rights:If the processing of personal data is based on your consent, the right to withdraw consent for future processing of that data.The right to request from NBPA, a “data controller” as defined under the GDPR, access to and rectification of your personal data.Subject to limitations as provided for in the GDPR, the right to request restriction of the processing of your personal data.Subject to limitations as provided for in the GDPR, the right to request erasure of your personal data.You may contact NBPA by emailing us at webadmin@nbpa.com A SPECIAL NOTE FOR PARENTS CONCERNING PRIVACYThe Website(s) is a general audience website. We do not currently collect any personal information from individuals under the age of thirteen on the Website(s). If in the future, we collect personal identifiable information from children, we will do so in compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (15 U.S.C. 6501 et seq.) including, without limitation, obtaining necessary parental consent.The Internet offers children wonderful education and entertainment resources. Your guidance and involvement are essential to help ensure that children have a safe and rewarding online experience. We encourage you to visit the Direct Marketing Association's website (www.the-dma.org) and explore the Get CyberSavvy! Program as well as the GetNetWise website (www.getnetwise.org) to learn more about parental control tools. YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THE PRIVACY POLICY AND NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES TO THE POLICYBy using this Website(s), you signify your agreement to the terms of our privacy policy. We may amend this privacy policy at any time. If we make a material change to the way in which we collect, use, and/or share your personal information, we will post a notice on our Website(s) and/or send an email to users who have provided an email address. If you do not respond to our email within thirty days or continue to use the Website(s) thirty days after a notice is posted, we will assume that you have given your permission for your personal information to be used under the terms of the new privacy policy. Please note that you should always update your personal information to provide us with a current email address. CORRECTING/UPDATING PERSONAL INFORMATIONIf your personal information changes (such as your email address or zip code), or if you no longer desire to access our Website(s), we will endeavor to provide a way to correct, update or remove the personal information you have provided to us. This can be done by emailing us at webadmin@nbpa.com.YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTSBeginning on January 1, 2005, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits customers of NBPA and THINK450 and who are California residents to request certain information regarding its disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an e-mail to webadmin@nbpa.com or write us at CA Privacy Rights, NBPA, 1133 Avenue of the Americas, 12th floor, New York, New York 10036.CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICYIf we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the privacy policy modification date below. Policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date of the change. QUESTIONS ABOUT THIS PRIVACY POLICYIf you have any questions about this privacy policy or the privacy practices of this Website(s), contact webadmin@nbpa.com.
Close