http://www.wishuponaster.com/privacy/
Home
Friesians for Sale
View All
Oswald
Our Mares
Our Mares
Cassie
Jacqueline
Maaike
Sarah
Galleries
Our Mares
Sold and Gone
Tack Shop
About Us
About Us
FAQs
Friesian History
Our Mission
Feys Unit, LLC
Training and Lessons
Testimonials
Contact Us
Privacy PolicyWhat information do we collect? We collect information from you when you fill out a form.
When
ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked
to enter your: name or e-mail address. You may, however, visit our site
anonymously.What do we use your information for? Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways: ; To personalize your experience(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs); To improve our website(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you); To improve customer service(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs); To send periodic emailsThe email address you provide may be used to send you information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.Do we use cookies? We do not use cookies.Do we disclose any information to outside parties? We
do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your
personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third
parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our
business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this
information confidential. We may also release your information when we
believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site
policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided
to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party
products or services on our website. These third party sites have
separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no
responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these
linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site
and welcome any feedback about these sites.California Online Privacy Protection Act ComplianceBecause
we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in
compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We
therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside
parties without your consent.Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance We
are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online
Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone
under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all
directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.Online Privacy Policy Only This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.Squarespace.comOur website is powered by Squarespace.com and they host the information that is then forwarded to us when you fill out the form on our site.  For information on Squarespace's privacy policy, check here: http://www.squarespace.com/privacy/Your Consent By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.Changes to our Privacy Policy If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.Further Questions or ConcernsIf you have any concerns or questions about our privacy policy or the website or business in general, please always feel free to contact us here: http://wishuponaster.com/contact-us/This policy is powered by Free Privacy Policy and Rhino Support helpdesk software.