https://www.neweuropetours.eu/privacy-policy/
Share this page : We are delighted you have visited our website!In order to improve your experience we are continually optimising the function and services of the website. Security is of primary importance for us. In using our website you entrust us with personal information and for this we are extremely grateful. This is why we are particularly careful with your data. We have taken many technical precautions to protect your data and regularly update the protection.General InformationBy visiting our website certain information is transmitted to us, for example IP-address, type and version of your web-browser, operating system, the website you came from and the time of your visit. This data cannot be used by us to identify individual visitors. The data is exclusively used to improve the popularity, content and functionality of our website. Whenever we collect personal or business data (e-mail address, name, address) this is provided by the visitor on a purely voluntary basis. Booking & Payment PolicyWhilst booking a tour on neweuropetours.eu, you’ll be asked to provide some personal information that will be collected through our booking platform (Trekksoft), in order to administer your bookings and ensure you get the best service possible. Names, preferred contact details, and information about your booking are the main details you will be asked for. You’ll also be asked to provide some personal data about your travel habits, which may be used for marketing research (i.e., country of origin, age, the kind of traveler you are, how you heard about us, if you’ve been on one of our tours already, where you are heading after your SANDEMANs tour). The data processed for marketing research is strictly anonymised before being processed by our marketing and development department. In the case of online payment, your personal data will be processed via our Payment Gateway provider, Trekkpay. Third Parties PolicyWe will not share any personal information, unless otherwise explicitly stated, with third parties, unless we are legally obliged to do so or the transfer of data is necessary in order to complete a service you request. Whenever our service providers come into contact with your data, we make sure that they are just as careful with the information. Please read the data protection policies of the service providers; we make every reasonable effort to ensure they follow the legal requirements.In some cases, SANDEMANs NEW Europe promotes tours operated by third party partners. In that specific case, we transfer relevant personal data to the provider you’ve booked with. Depending on the provider, this may include your name, contact details, the names of guests travelling with you, and any preferences or other information you specified when you made your booking. If you have a question about your booking, we may contact the provider and ask them to handle your request. In cases of reservation-related disputes, we may transfer the provider information about the reservation process as needed to handle the dispute. Resellers & Online Travel Agencies PoliciesWe work with a large network of resellers. These business partners distribute or advertise SANDEMANs NEW Europe services. When you make a reservation on one of our business reseller websites, certain personal data that you give them such as your name and email address, your address, and other relevant information, will be forwarded to us to finalize and administer your booking.When you make a reservation through one of our resellers, they can receive certain parts of your personal data related to the specific reservation; such as your name and email address.When you make a reservation on a reseller’s website, take the time to read their privacy notice if you wish to understand how they may process your personal data. Get Your Guide: https://www.getyourguide.co.uk/privacy_policyViator / TripAdvisor Experiences: https://uk.viator.com/privacy-policyExpedia: https://www.expedia.co.uk/p/support/privacyCivitatis: https://www.civitatis.com/en/privacy/Booking: https://www.booking.com/content/privacy.html For fraud detection and prevention purposes, and as strictly necessary, we may also exchange information about our users with business partners. Accessing Or Changing Your Personal DataYou always have the right to review the personal data we keep about you. You can request an overview of your personal data by emailing us at privacy@neweuropetours.eu. Please write ‘Request personal data’ in the subject line of your email. If the personal data we have for you is incorrect, we will update it at your request. You can also ask us to remove your personal data from our database by sending an email to privacy@neweuropetours.eu with ‘Request for removal of personal data’ in the subject line. However, we may need to retain certain information, for example for legal or administrative purposes, such as record keeping or to detect fraudulent activities. CookiesOur website uses cookies. We will ask you to consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy when you first visit our website. Cookies are very small text files that are stored on your computer when you visit some websites. We use cookies to help identify your computer so we can tailor your user experience, track shopping basket contents and remember where you are in the order process. You can disable any cookies already stored on your computer, but these may stop our website from functioning properly. The use of cookies will track the pages you visit using Google Analytics, in order to see which websites you find the most interesting and will allow you to share pages with social networks (such as Facebook). Google AnalyticsThis website uses Google Analytics, a website analysis service of Google Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses ‘cookies’, text data that are stored on your computer and allow an analysis of your use of the website. The information generated by cookies through your use of this website are normally transferred to Google’s server in the USA and stored there. Through the activation of the IP-anonymisation on this website your IP-address will be abbreviated within the member states of the European Union or the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transferred to a Google server in the USA and abbreviated there.On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on the website activities and to provide other services related to the website usage and the internet usage against the website operator. The IP address transmitted by your browser as part of Google Analytics will not be merged with other Google data. You can prevent cookies from being saved by setting your browser software accordingly; however, we would like to point out that in this case you may not be able to fully utilize all the functions of this website.In addition, you can prevent Google’s processing of data generated by the cookie and your use of the website (including your IP address), as well as the processing of this data by Google, by clicking on the following link: download and install the available browser plugin. For more information, see www.tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout or https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/ (general information about Google Analytics and Privacy). For more information, visit www.google.com/privacy/privacy-policy.html. Google Tag ManagerThis site uses Google Tag Manager. Google Tag Manager is a solution that allows marketers to manage website tags through a GUI. Tag Manager itself (which implements the tags) is a cookie-free domain and does not collect personal data. The tool provides the triggering of other tags, which in turn may collect data. Google Tag Manager does not access this data. If disabling is done at the domain or cookie level, it will persist for all tracking tags that are implemented with Google Tag Manager. Custom Audiences Tracking PixelWith your permission, our website utilizes the Website Custom Audiences Tracking Pixel service of Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave., Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA (“Facebook”). This tool allows us to target Facebook ads to people who have visited our website. The collected data remain anonymous. This means that we cannot see the personal data of any individual user and any Facebook ads we commission are only targeted at user groups. However, the collected data are saved and processed by Facebook. Facebook is able to connect the data with your Facebook account and use the data for their own advertising purposes, in accordance with Facebook’s Data Use Policy. SecurityIn accordance with European data protection laws, we use appropriate business systems and procedures to protect and safeguard the personal data you give us. Only authorized personnel are permitted to access your personal data in the course of their work. Careers Privacy NoticeIf you are about to apply or have applied for one of our positions online, please make sure that you are aware of our Careers Section Privacy Notice here. Become a Guide Partner Privacy NoticeIf you are about to get in touch with us about partnering with SANDEMANs NEW Europe as a freelance tour guide, please make sure that you are aware of our Become a Guide Partner Privacy Notice here. SANDEMANs fresh news
Donate to Sandemans New EuropeThank you! Your support means more to us than we can express in words.Chris Sandeman and the SANDEMANs Live Community Currency USDEURGBP $ 1$ 5$ 10$ 20$ 50€ 1€ 5€ 10€ 20€ 50£ 1£ 5£ 10£ 20£ 50Give anything you want $ € £ SendWrong price format. Please enter a valid price.Please enter a price greater than 0. Payment is secured with
If you are human, leave this field blank.
E-mail *
Optin *
I agree to receive SANDEMANs NEW Europe newsletters and have read the privacy policy
Send Join us on social media