http://www.sydneyfc.com/sydney-fc-privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Sydney FC Privacy Policy
Sydney Football Club ACN 110877668 of Level 1, Sheridan Building, Moore Park Rd Moore Park is a football club that competes in the Hyundai A-League. Club (referred to in this policy as we, us and Club) is committed to managing your information in a secure and responsible manner and in accordance with the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth).  This policy sets out the way in which Club collects, uses and discloses personal information and also explains your rights and how to contact us.
Your Personal Information
In the course of its operations, Club may collect, use and disclose the personal information of players, ticketholders, administrators, participants and other individuals for the purpose of Sydney FC and as further described in the remainder of this Policy. In each case, the precise nature of the collection, use and disclosure of personal information by Club depends on the services you request and receive from, and your interaction with, Club.
The types of personal information held by Club may include your name, address, phone numbers, email address, date of birth, gender and occupation.  Depending on the services you receive from Club, Club may also collect and hold details of about your participation history, membership history as well as your credit card information, and details of the items ordered or purchased from Club.
In certain circumstances, Club may collect information about your health or other sensitive information about you (for example, information about your racial or ethnic origin or information about your physical health).  Club may use health information about you to ensure that football programs in which you participate are run safely and in accordance with any special health needs you may have and for insurance purposes.  Club may also use health information as required by the FFA Statutes, including medical and anti-doping testing and investigations.
When you provide Club with personal information, this Policy will apply to the manner in which the information is collected, used, disclosed and stored by Club.  If you chose not to provide certain personal information, Club may not be able to communicate with you.  It may also affect Club’s ability to provide you with the products and services you require.  For example, you may not be able to register as a member of the Club or participate in some of the activities on the Club network of websites (including sydneyfc.com and my.sydneyfc.com, and any related websites which link directly to this Policy (collectively, the Club Sites)) if you do not provide certain personal information.
Collecting Your Personal Information
Personal information about you may be collected by Club from you or from a third party.  Club uses forms, online portals and other electronic or paper correspondence to collect this information.
For example, Club may collect personal information from you:
via the Club Sites;
when you provide it to Club by filling in forms approved by Club from time to time;
when you contact the Club
when you engage with Club via social media;
when you subscribe to receive Club related newsletters or other information; or
when you enter a competition that involves or is, being conducted by, or on behalf of, Club.
Club may also collect personal information about you from third parties, including:
from ticketing agents and event organisers, when you purchase tickets to a football related event;
from vendors, when you purchase a Club membership package or Club related merchandise;
Club corporate partners, licensees, sponsors, suppliers and broadcasters (Club Partners);
your representatives;
Football Federation Australia (FFA), or an FFA Member Federation, association, club and/or a competition administrator registered with FFA from time to time (Football Administrators); and
the organisations identified under section 5 (Disclosing Your Personal Information) below.
Using Your Personal Information
Club may use the personal information collected about you in a variety of ways, including:
to verify your identity;
to organise, conduct and promote Club matches, programs and other events (including for the purpose of distributing newsletters, providing information and making ticket offers);
to develop programs, activities, events, products, services and merchandise relating to the Club;
to provide you with information about our products and services, including information about tickets, merchandise and special offers, or which we reasonably believe may be of interest you;
to investigate and take action in the event that applicable laws or regulations are breached, including terms of admission and codes of conduct;
to carry out market research and surveys;
to contact you if you win a prize in a competition you have entered and to send the prize to you; and
any use that is reasonably apparent at the time the information is collected.
Club may also use the personal information collected about you:
to administer, manage and improve the Club Sites and to provide you with access to those Club Sites;
to ensure that content from the Club Sites is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
to allow you to participate in interactive features of a Club Site, when you choose to do so;
for direct marketing communications from Club in relation to products, services, tickets, merchandise and special offers made available by Club or our respective Club Partners.  You will be able to opt-out of direct marketing at any time if you so choose, by utilising the unsubscribe feature on electronic marketing communications, or in the case of other direct marketing materials by contacting the Club Privacy Officer in accordance with section 10 below;
where permitted by Club, to enable Club Partners who have a relationship with Club to market and promote their products and services to you. You will be able to opt-out of direct marketing at any time if you so choose, by utilizing the unsubscribe feature on electronic marketing communications, or in the case of other direct marketing materials by contacting the Club Privacy Officer in accordance with section 10  below; and
any use that is reasonably apparent at the time the information is collected.
Disclosing Your Personal Information
Club may also share your personal information with third parties in relation to the operation of Club's business including:
Sydney FC related bodies corporate;
Football Administrators; Fédération Internationale de Football Association and its members, including the Asian Football Confederation;
the Australian Sports Anti-Doping Authority, Australian Institute of Sport and/or Australian Olympic Committee;
third party service providers, such as ticketing agents, Membership Pack providers and IT providers;
Club insurers; Club professional advisors, including our accountants, auditors and lawyers; as required or authorised by law or where we have a public duty to do so, including for purposes of safety and security; where you have consented to your personal information being disclosed to others;
If you receive a product or service from, or your information is otherwise collected by, a third party, such as a Club Partner or Football Administrator, the relevant third party may have a separate privacy policy which applies to their collection, use and disclosure of your personal information. You should refer to that privacy policy for further details about how the relevant third party may collect, process, use, store and disclose your information and how you can contact the relevant third party if you have any queries, or wish to make a complaint, about their handling of your personal information.
Club Sites, Cookies and Other Technologies
If you visit a Club Site, Club may record information such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, the Club Site pages accessed and any information downloaded.  This information is used for statistical, reporting and website administration and maintenance purposes, including identifying usage trends, to track users’ movements around the Club Sites and to gather demographic information about Club users collectively.
Like many other websites, the Club Sites may use ‘cookies’ from time to time. A cookie is a piece of information that allows us to identify and interact more effectively with your device. The cookie helps Club to maintain the continuity of your browsing session and remember your details and preferences when you return.  You can configure your web browser software to reject cookies however some parts of our website may not have full functionality in that case.
In some cases FFA and its third party service providers may use cookies and other technologies such as web beacons and JavaScript on a Club Site in connection with online services like banner advertising, website analytics and surveys to collect information about your use of an FFA Site.  The use of these technologies allows Club and its third party service providers to evaluate a user’s use of a Club Site, deliver customised advertising content, measure the effectiveness of the advertising and provide other services relating to website activity and internet usage.  The services we may use from time to time include Google Analytics, Nielsen, AdTech, Omniture and Facebook.  You can find more details in the privacy policies for those services, including information on how to opt-out of certain conduct.
When we send you emails or other electronic messages, Club may record where you open the message and click on particular links. This helps us to better understand what information is of interest to you.
Protecting Your Personal Information
Club takes the security of personal information seriously.  Club has appointed a Privacy Officer to oversee Clubs management of personal information in accordance with this Policy and the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth).
Club takes reasonable steps to protect the security and privacy of your personal information. Club has directed its staff that personal information must be dealt with in accordance with this Policy and kept secure from unauthorised access or disclosure.
If you are considering sending us any other personal information through a Club Site or other electronic means, please be aware that the information may be insecure in transit, particularly where no encryption is used (e.g. email, standard HTTP).  Any transmission is therefore at your own risk.  Once Club has received your personal information, Club will take reasonable steps to protect all personal information within its direct control from unauthorised access.
Where Club has given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of a Club Site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential.  Club suggests that you do not share the password with anyone and to change it regularly.
Disclosing Your Personal Information Abroad
Club will store personal information on data servers that are controlled by Club and are located within the geographical borders of Australia where reasonably possible. However, in some circumstances the personal information that Club collects may be disclosed to certain recipients, and stored at certain destinations, located outside Australia from time to time.  For example, your personal information may be transferred outside of Australia if any of Club’s servers from time to time are located outside Australia or if one of Club’s service providers or suppliers is located in a country outside Australia.  As at the date of this Policy, Club utilises service providers and suppliers in Australia, Vietnam and China.  Club may also disclose your personal information outside of Australia in accordance with section 5 (Disclosing Your Personal Information). The Vietnam and China service providers are controlled by an Australian entity, and they have applied European GDPR Policy and remove all personal information as a 'Data Processor' after a 12 month period.
In all cases, by providing your personal information to us or using our services, you consent to the disclosure of your personal information outside Australia as set out in this Policy, and acknowledge that Club is not required to ensure that overseas recipients handle your personal information in compliance with Australian privacy law.  However, where practicable in the circumstances, Club will take reasonable steps to ensure that overseas recipients use and disclose such personal information in a manner consistent with this Policy. You may have rights to enforce such parties' compliance with applicable data protection laws, but you may not have recourse against those parties under the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) in relation to how those parties treat your personal information.
Access to and Correction of Your Personal Information
Club takes all reasonable precautions to ensure the personal information that Club  collects, uses and discloses is accurate, complete and up-to-date.  However, the accuracy of that information depends on the information you provide.  Club recommends that you let us know if there are any errors in your personal information and keep us up-to-date with changes to your personal information such as your contact details.
You have the right to access the personal information we hold about you, and can request the correction of your personal data if it is inaccurate, incomplete or out of date.  If you would like to do so, please contact the Club Privacy Officer to submit an enquiry to access the personal information Club holds about you.
If you provided your personal information via a Club Site, you can also update your personal information at any time by logging onto the relevant Club Site and submitting the updated information.
Opting Out of Direct Marketing Communications
You can opt out of receiving further messages or communications from Club at any time by following the unsubscribe instructions in the message sent to you.  If you wish to unsubscribe from communications Club send you, you can also send an email to info@sydneyfc.com.
Changes To This Policy
We may modify, alter or otherwise update this Policy at any time by publishing the new version of the Policy on the Club Sites.  We will indicate any changes by updating the date of this Policy.  If you have any questions about this Policy, please contact the Club Privacy Officer using the details below.
Contacting the Club Privacy Officer and Making Complaints
You may contact the Club Privacy Officer by writing to info@sydneyfc.com or Sydney FC Privacy Officer, PO Box 2180 Bondi Junction NSW 1355
You may complain about our collection, use or disclosure of your personal information by contacting the Club Privacy Officer using the contact details above with your full name and contact details, together with a detailed description of the complaint. We will respond to your complaint within a reasonable period of time and inform you of the next steps we will take in dealing with your complaint.  If we are unable to resolve your complaint, we will inform you of the steps available to you in those circumstances.