http://www.knockhill.com/privacy-policy
Home
News
Contact Us
REDEEM A VOUCHER
Web Cam
Scotland's National Motorsport Centre - 01383 723337
Privacy Policy
Who We Are
Knockhill Racing Circuit Ltd (‘we’ or ‘us’ or ‘our’) gather and process your personal information in accordance with this privacy notice and in compliance with the relevant data protection Regulation and laws. This notice provides you with the necessary information regarding your rights and our obligations, and explains how, why and when we process your personal data.
Knockhill Racing Circuit Ltd registered office is at Knockhill Racing Circuit, By Dunfermline, Fife, KY12 9TF and we are a company registered in Scotland under company number 099128 We are the data controller when processing your data. Our designated Data Protection Officer/Appointed Person can be contacted on enquiries@knockhill.co.uk
Information That We Collect
Knockhill Racing Circuit Ltd processes your personal information to meet our legal, statutory and contractual obligations and to provide you with our products and services. We will never collect any unnecessary personal data from you and do not process your information in any way, other than as specified in this notice.
The personal data that we collect from you is: –
Name
Home Address or Business Address
Personal Email or Business Email
Home Telephone Number
Mobile Telephone Number
Date of Birth
Emergency Contact Information
Types of information we may hold about you and where it comes from:
Information you’ve provided to us, including information provided through our website.
Information about our content, products and services that you have purchased or enquired about.
Information provided by other organisations who’ve obtained your permission to share information about you with us.
How We Use Your Personal Data
Knockhill Racing Circuit Ltd takes your privacy very seriously and will never disclose, share or sell your data without your consent; unless required to do so by law. We only retain your data for as long as is necessary and for the purpose(s) specified in this notice. Where you have consented to us providing you with promotional offers and marketing, you are free to withdraw this consent at any time.
The purposes and reasons for processing your personal data are detailed below: –
We collect your personal data in the performance of a contract or to provide a service and to ensure that bookings are completed and confirmations can be sent out to your preferred address.
We collect and store your personal data as part of our legal obligation for business accounting and tax purposes.
We collect and store your personal data as part of the various motorsport governing body requirements
We will occasionally send you marketing information where we have assessed that it is beneficial to you as a customer and in our interests. Such information will be non-intrusive and is processed on the grounds of legitimate interests
In addition to using your information for such necessary purposes, we may also use your information to improve our products, services and customer experiences in the following ways:
To monitor, improve and protect our content, products and services, work with agents and business partners to improve the products and services we offer and develop new content, products and services.
We may analyse your personal information to help us define groups of audiences to send adverts to based on factors such as interests, age, location and more, so we can show adverts to the people most likely to be interested in the products and services being promoted.
We may also make use of additional information about you when it is available from external sources to help us do this effectively.
Web site security
This site uses security features to make sure any personal data we collect from you is safe from mis-use. www.knockhill.com uses a GeoTrust SSL certificate to establish proof of identity of the owner of the web site and enable secure communication between the web site and visitors to the site.
Your Rights
You have the right to access any personal information that Knockhill Racing Circuit Ltd processes about you and to request information about: –
What personal data we hold about you
The purposes of the processing
The categories of personal data concerned
The recipients to whom the personal data has/will be disclosed
How long we intend to store your personal data for
If we did not collect the data directly from you, information about the source
If you believe that we hold any incomplete or inaccurate data about you, you have the right to ask us to correct and/or complete the information and we will strive to do so as quickly as possible; unless there is a valid reason for not doing so, at which point you will be notified.
You also have the right to request erasure of your personal data or to restrict processing (where applicable) in accordance with the data protection laws; as well as to object to any direct marketing from us. Where applicable, you have the right to data portability of your information and the right to be informed about any automated decision-making we may use.
If we receive a request from you to exercise any of the above rights, we may ask you to verify your identity before acting on the request; this is to ensure that your data is protected and kept secure.
Sharing and Disclosing Your Personal Information
We do not share or disclose any of your personal information without your consent, other than for the purposes specified in this notice or where there is a legal requirement.
Safeguarding Measures
Knockhill Racing Circuit Ltd takes your privacy seriously and takes every reasonable measure and precaution to protect and secure your personal data. We work hard to protect you and your information from unauthorised access, alteration, disclosure or destruction and have several layers of security measures in place.
We use an external third party to process our Karting booking facilities, and we may share your personal data with them in order that we can carry out certain functions, such as communicating about an enquiry, processing your order and to assist with the general running of our site. Whilst this party is based in the US they do comply with the requirements of GDPR. We may also share your personal data with third party website agencies, such as email marketing companies, where this is necessary for us to carry out our obligations to you. We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
Consequences of Not Providing Your Data
You are not obligated to provide your personal information to Knockhill Racing Circuit Ltd, however, as this information is required for us to provide you with our services, we will not be able to offer some of our services without it.
Legitimate Interests
As noted in the ‘How We Use Your Personal Data’ section of this notice, we occasionally process your personal information under the legitimate interests’ legal basis. Where this is the case, we have carried out a thorough Legitimate Interests’ Assessment (LIA) to ensure that we have weighed your interests and any risk posed to you against our own interests; ensuring that they are proportionate and appropriate.
How Long We Keep Your Data
Knockhill Racing Circuit Ltd only ever retains personal information for as long as is necessary and we have strict review and retention policies in place to meet these obligations. We are required under UK tax law to keep your basic personal data (name, address, contact details) for a minimum of 6 years after which time it will be destroyed. Where you have consented to us using your details for direct marketing, we will keep such data until you notify us otherwise and/or withdraw your consent.
Cookie Notice
This notice is designed to help you understand what cookies are, how Knockhill uses them and the choices you have regarding their use.
By continuing to use www.knockhill.com, you are agreeing to our use of cookies in the manner described in this notice.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files that are stored on your browser or the hard drive of your computer or other device when you visit www.knockhill.com which allows us to recognise you as a user either for the duration of your visit (using a ‘session cookie’) or for repeat visits ( a ‘persistent cookie’). They are not harmful and do not contain any information such as your home address, date of birth or credit card details.
The cookies we use are for the following reasons:
Analytical/Performance Cookies
In order to keep knockhill.com relevant, easy to use and up-to-date, we use web analytics services to help us understand how people interact with our website. For example, we can see which products are most popular, identify when errors occur, and test different versions of a page or feature to see which one works best.
Marketing Cookies
We also use cookies to assist in targeted advertising. Although these cookies can track your visits around the web they don't know who you are. Without these cookies, online advertisements you encounter will be less relevant to you and your interests. We also use them to measure the effectiveness of our marketing communications, for example by telling us if you have opened a marketing email that we have sent you.
What do we use Cookies for?
They enable you to transact whilst other non-essential cookies enable us to give you and enhanced, personalised web experience and determine relevant products to show you.
Are cookies safe?
Yes. The information stored in cookies is safe and anonymous to any external third party, and your account security is never compromised. You can find more information about cookies at http://www.allaboutcookies.org and www.youronlinechoices.com
Can I turn off cookies?
Yes - but if you choose not to allow the use of cookies, your experience of www.knockhill.com may be limited.
To change your cookie settings, or if you want to be notified each time a cookie is about to be used, you should amend the settings provided in your web browser to prevent us from storing cookies on your computer hard drive.
For information on how to disable cookies, please consult the 'Help' tab on your browser via the menu bar. For further information on non-essential cookies used for targeting and banner advertising please see below.
Third Party Cookies
www.knockhill.com allows selected Third Parties who participate with us in marketing programs to place cookies when you visit our site. These cookies enable us to monitor which adverts you see and click on to get to our site.
For details of the Third Party cookies we use please see the list below. Knockhill is not responsible for the content or privacy policies of Third Parties or other websites, and we advise that you check these yourself.
The following Cookies are all used for Analytical and Targeting purposes include, but are not limited to
Google Tag Manager
Google Analytics
Facebook Pixel
Opting Out
Website visitors who don’t want their data used by Google Analytics can install the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. To opt-out of Analytics for the web, visit the Google Analytics opt-out page and install the add-on for your browser. Learn more about the opt-out and how to properly install the browser add-on here.
Visitors can also opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads using the Ads Settings.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy
GDPR compliant 25/5/2018
Contact Details
Contact Details...
Knockhill Racing Circuit,by Dunfermline, Fife,KY12 9TFScotlandUnited Kingdom
General Enquiries: +44 (0)1383 723337Voucher Sales: +44 (0)1383 720044Email: enquiries@knockhill.co.uk
Knockhill Racing Circuit LtdRegistered in Scotland 99128VAT Reg No. 435809436
Follow us on Social Media
Connect with other people, get the latest info, discuss the most recent topics on Motorsport in Scotland.
Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Youtube
News Feed
About Knockhill
Over 40 years as Scotland’s National Motorsport Centre and host to the UK’s top televised motorsport car and bike events. Knockhill is situated just 30 mins from Edinburgh, 40 miles from Glasgow and 2 hours from Aberdeen. Knockhill is a truly versatile venue and the perfect choice for all events including Corporate Days, Team Building, Karting, Trackdays and exciting Driving Experiences.
Our Venue
Scotland’s only accredited FIA and MSA approved venue! With extensive and ongoing investment in our facilities we are able to provide, new and exciting, experiences and racing events that are rivalled by no other. Our famous 1.27 mile long circuit, hillside rally stage, 4x4 off road track, 500m outdoor karting circuit, skid pan, restaurants and conferencing facilities form our unique venue.
Our Team
One of our finest assets and always a hot topic with our customers! We strive to provide the best possible experience and our skilled team play an important part in delivering these. Everyone is friendly, approachable, correctly qualified and passionate about their role at Knockhill; from our ground staff, instructors, sales team and directors. We all look forward to welcoming you to Knockhill.
Live Chat
Currently Unavailable.
Call our Sales Team Today
on 01383 723337
Drop Us an Email
enquiries@knockhill.co.uk
Explore Knockhill
DRIVING EXPERIENCES
MOTORSPORT EVENTS
TRACKDAYS
KARTING
CORPORATE