http://www.nzb.co.nz/terms/index.cfm
NZB Thoroughbred | Terms and Conditions of Use
Sales
Menu
Sales
menu
Search
search
Upcoming Sales All Upcoming ›
Ready to Run Sale
18 & 19 November 2020
Karaka 2021 - Book 1
24 - 26 January 2021
Karaka 2021 - Book 2
27 - 29 January 2021
Forms & Downloads
Our Resources, Forms and PDF's
Sales Results All Results ›
National Weanling Sale
South Island Sale
Karaka 2020 - Book 3
Karaka 2020 - Book 2
Karaka 2020 - Book 1
Services
360 Degree Service
Agents
Airfreight
Insurance
Finance
Standardbred
Experience
The Karaka Experience
Karaka News Desk
Karaka TV
Sales Centre
Group 1 Graduates
GST Deferral
Sponsorships
2020/21 Sponsorship Calendar
Karaka Million
Filly of the Year
Southern Filly of the Year
NZB Insurance Pearl Series
Hospitality
Karaka Hospitality
Hotels
Restaurant Guide
Auckland Adventures
Sights Further Afield
About Us
New Zealand Bloodstock
Our People
Partners
Contact Us
Karaka Pavilion
Karaka Lakes Landscape
Terms of Access
This Terms of Access policy is subject to and should be read in conjunction with the Privacy Policy for this website. This Site ("Site") is owned by New Zealand Bloodstock Limited ("we", "us" or "our").
Acceptance
Use of our Site is subject to the following terms and conditions of access to the Site ("Terms of Access"), any specific terms posted within the Site and all applicable laws. By accessing and browsing the Site you represent that you have read, understood and accepted these Terms of Access and agree to be bound by them.
Intellectual property rights
You acknowledge and agree that all content and materials available on the Site are protected by copyrights, trade marks or other intellectual property rights and laws. No content or material on the Site may be reproduced, adapted, linked to, distributed or used in any way without our prior written consent. However, you may print or download one copy of the materials or content on this Site on any single computer for your personal, non-commercial use, provided you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices. Modification of any of the materials or use of the materials for any other purpose will be a violation of our copyright and other intellectual property rights.
Restricted Use
You may not use any software, program, algorithm, methodology or other automatic device, including any spider, robot, or otherwise, to monitor, copy, collect or harvest any data, information or content found on this Site, or use any manual process for the same purpose.
Links
This Site may include or contain links to third party material, advertising and promotions. Any dealings you have with any such third party are solely between you and that third party and, to the extent that we assist you in such dealings, we do so purely as an agent for the relevant third party. While we have taken reasonable care to ensure that all such third parties are reputable, we will not be responsible for the contents of any third party material or promotion or be liable for any direct or indirect loss or damage suffered by you (or any other party) as a result of accessing, using, relying on or trading with such third parties. Links to any other sites are provided for convenience only and do not represent any endorsement by us of the products or services offered by the site owner.
We request that you seek permission prior to linking to this Site. If you create a link to this Site, you remain fully responsible for any consequences of that link, and you will fully indemnify us against all costs, claims, damages, losses and other liabilities arising from, or in connection with, that link.
General disclaimer
This Site is provided for personal, non-commercial and informational purposes only and is not intended to provide commercial, financial or legal advice. While we have endeavoured to ensure that the content and material on the Site is free from error, we do not warrant its accuracy, adequacy or completeness or that it is suitable for your intended use. The Site, and the content and material on it, are provided on an "as is", "as available" basis.
We do not warrant that any materials on the Site or functions contained in such materials will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected or that this Site or its server are free of any virus or other harmful elements. We reserve the right to modify, disable access to or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, part or all of this Site or any information contained on the Site without liability or notice to you.
No Liability
Your use of the Site is at your own risk. You agree that we are not responsible for any loss, damage or harm arising out of your use of the Site, or your reliance on any information contained on, or accessed through, the Site. You also agree that all warranties, conditions and representations in respect of the Site (express or implied) are excluded to the fullest extent permitted by law. None of us, any of our or their employees or agents, or any other party involved in creating, producing or delivering the Site, is liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect or punitive damages, which are excluded to fullest extent permitted by law, arising out of your access to, or use of or inability to use, the Site.
Limitation of liability
If for any reason we are responsible for any damage or harm arising out of your use of the Site, in no event shall our total liability to you for all damages, losses, and causes of action (whether in contract, tort - including but not limited to negligence - or otherwise) exceed the amount paid by you, if any, for accessing this Site.
Jurisdiction
New Zealand law governs the Site and this Site is controlled and operated from our offices in New Zealand. We make no representation that links or materials on this Site are appropriate or available for use in any other location. If you choose to use this Site from a location outside New Zealand then you are solely responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent that such laws are applicable.
Privacy
We take your privacy seriously.  Where personal information is collected, we comply with the Privacy Act 1993 and our privacy policy. In using the Site you acknowledge that you have read and accept the terms and conditions of our privacy policy.
The transmission of information via the internet or other publicly accessible networks (including via email) is not secure, and is susceptible to loss, interception or alteration while in transit. Accordingly, we do not accept any liability for any damage you may experience or costs you may incur as a result of any such transmissions (including those which may contain personal information). While we take commercially reasonable endeavours to safeguard the privacy of the information you provide us and treat such information in accordance with our privacy policy, in no event will such information be deemed to be confidential, create any fiduciary obligations to you on our part, or result in any liability to you on our part in the event that such information is inadvertently released by us or accessed by third parties without our consent.
We reserve any other rights available to us which are not expressly set out in these Terms of Access.
Modification
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or alter these Terms of Access at any time without prior notice to you. Such changes will become effective immediately upon their posting on the Site.
Social Media Community Guidelines
We’re so glad to have you as a part of our online community. You will find our social media sites places where you can talk and share your comments, photos, and videos with us and the rest of the community. These pages are monitored daily by New Zealand Bloodstock. Please be respectful of others and do not use profane language, if you wouldn't say it to your mother it’s probably not appropriate. We support free speech and engagement with others, however we deserve the right to remove any posts and comments that we deem to be offensive including:
Violent, obscene, profane, hateful, suggestive or racist posts, links or images
Comments that harass, defame or threaten any person or organisation
Off-topic or repetitive comments by an individuals or multiple users
Solicitations, advertisements or endorsements of any commercial organization
Comments that encourage illegal activity
Offensive users will also be blocked from our social network pages
New Zealand Bloodstock is not responsible for the personal, political, organisational or religious beliefs of its fans and followers across our social networks.
These guidelines will be updated as necessary. Please feel free to contact us directly with any questions or comments via email: marketing@nzb.co.nz
Thanks for being part of our social community!
Privacy Policy for Online Services
New Zealand Bloodstock Limited ("New Zealand Bloodstock", "we", "us", "our") is committed to respecting your privacy. We will always collect, store, use and disclose your personal information in accordance with the Privacy Act 1993. However, we have also put in place the following Privacy Policy to protect your personal information when you submit, or we collect, that information – including via our Online Services.
Our "Online Services" include:
services and information offered on, provided by and/or booked through any of our websites including www.nzb.co.nz ("Websites");
mobile operating applications including applications for smart phone, tablet and other handheld devices ("Apps");
social media pages, including Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, YouTube, Vimeo and Instagram; and
email communications and subscription services.
By providing us with personal information, you consent to our collection, storage, use and disclosure of Personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy is subject to and should be read in conjunction with our Acceptable Use Policy (when using or interacting with any of our Online Services) and any other specific terms and conditions you agree to when using or signing up to other Online Services we offer you from time to time.
In this policy, "personal information" means information about an identifiable individual.
1. What personal information do we collect?
Information you give us
You may give us personal information about yourself, such as your name, address, email address, credit card details and telephone numbers, when, for example, you fill out electronic comment forms on our Websites, register for our WiFi service, make a purchase from us, participate in discussion boards or other social media functions or enter a competition, promotion or survey. If you do not give this information, we may not be able to provide goods or services to you.
Information we may collect about you
We collect information about visits to our Websites and other Online Services usage to measure the number of visitors to different parts of our sites and, for example, to measure the effectiveness of advertising. We may use technology as a means to identify you when you are on our property.
We may also collect additional information about you when you use our Online Services, are filmed on or around our property, or when we record your telephone conversation(s) with our operations centre including:
your preferences concerning types of products or services;
the frequency of use of certain types of products or services; the methods, purpose and frequency of business; and
your location
Cookies
Our Websites use a technology called cookies. A cookie is a small element of data (that may also hold your personal information) that our Websites may send to your computer. Any such cookie is typically stored on your computer's hard drive and permits our Website to recognise you when you return. Our use of cookies helps us to provide you with a better experience during your use of our Websites by allowing us to understand what areas of the site are of interest to you. You may configure your web browser to not accept cookies, although you may experience a loss of functionality as a result.
If you receive email communications from us, we may also use email open and click tracking including cookies, a single pixel image for tracking and link redirects for tracking clicks, for us to get a better understanding of which email communications are of most interest to you so we can provide you with a better experience by sending relevant and interesting email communications.
2. How do we use the personal information?
We may use your personal information to process your transactions, to help us develop, improve, manage, administer and facilitate our services and business operations (including to provide the Online Services contemplated by our Acceptable Use Policy, to help us to develop our Online Services to be more available and user friendly to our customers, to administer your account, for safety and security issues, for our own internal purposes (such as risk management, staff training and billing), to conduct market research, and for any other use associated with such purposes or which you may authorise.
In addition, we may use your personal information to promote and market our products and services, or the products and services of others. However, we will not do this by email or text (except as part of an email that facilitates, completes or confirms a transaction with you) unless we have your express, inferred or deemed consent to do so. These emails and texts will always include an "unsubscribe" facility (for further details on how to unsubscribe see below).
If you are using one of our Apps, you accept that we can send you "Push Notifications", and you agree to receive notifications from us even if your App is not running. You can change your push notification settings within your device or via the App itself.
Some uses of your personal information may involve the transfer of that information outside New Zealand, to be held and used by our related companies and business partners. You consent to that transfer on the understanding that it will not relieve us of our obligations to you under the Privacy Act.
3. Will we disclose your personal information to others?
We do not sell, trade or rent your personal information to others without your consent. However, we may use other companies and individuals to perform services on our behalf, such as sending emails and processing payments. They may have access to your personal information needed to perform and provide these services, but we will not authorise them to use your personal information for any purpose that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy.
We may also disclose your personal information to our related companies and business partners, such as tourism operators and travel companies, for them to offer products and services to you. This information may include scrambled credit card details, although these will only be used with your consent for any transactions with them.
In addition, we may provide statistics with personal identifiers removed about our customers, readers, sales, traffic patterns and related site functions to reputable third parties. We may use service providers to assist us to aggregate and anonymise such information so that it does not include any information from which an individual can be identified. We do not consider such aggregated and anonymised information to be personal information and its use is not subject to this policy.
New Zealand Bloodstock and third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on someone's past visits to our Website. No personally identifiable data is collected for this advertising.
We may also disclose your personal information where such disclosure is required by law.
4. Storage and Security
We will use reasonable commercial endeavours to ensure that all personal information is securely protected against loss, unauthorised access and other misuses. This includes physical security, computer and network security, communications security and personnel security. However, we accept no responsibility for any loss, misuse, unauthorised access or disclosure, alteration or destruction of personal information which you submit to us.
Please be aware that communications over the internet, such as emails, are not secure unless they have been encrypted.
5. What about links to other websites?
Our Online Services may contain links to other websites that are not under our control. These websites may use cookies. It is the responsibility of those third parties to collect appropriate consents from you in order to permit their own cookies (to the extent this is required by law) and to inform you about the cookies they use. You should check the privacy policy on all third-party websites to ensure you are comfortable with third-party cookies. We have no responsibility for linked websites, and provide them solely for your information and convenience. We specifically disclaim responsibility for their content, privacy practices and terms of use, and we make no endorsements, representations or warranties about their accuracy, content or thoroughness. Your disclosure of personal information to third party websites is at your own risk.
6. Email, text and telephone communications
By subscribing to our email and/or text communications, or otherwise providing us with your email address and/or mobile number, you consent to receiving emails and/or texts (as the case may be) which promote and market our products and services, or the products and services of others, from time to time.
You can unsubscribe from our email communications and/or text communications at any time by clicking the "Unsubscribe" link in any promotional or marketing email or text received from us or by emailing us at marketing@nzb.co.nz
Once you have unsubscribed from our email or text communications, we will remove you from the corresponding marketing list as soon as is reasonably practicable.
Calls may be monitored or recorded for training and quality control purposes.
7. Updating your personal information
We will take reasonable steps to ensure the personal information held by us is accurate. We will respond to any request by an individual to correct personal information held about that individual as soon as practicable following receipt of such request. All requests of this nature should be directed to our Privacy Officer in the first instance.
You may obtain confirmation from us as to whether or not we hold personal information about you. You may also request access to or a copy of the information and/or request that corrections or changes are made to it. All requests of this nature should be directed to our Privacy Officer in the first instance.
8. Policy changes
We may review this policy from time to time and will notify you of any changes by posting an updated version on our Websites. Your use of our Online Services following any updates constitutes acceptance of this policy as amended. We recommend you regularly review the policy when you visit our Websites. If you do not agree with any aspect of the updated policy, you must immediately cease using any of our Online Services.
9. Privacy Officer
In accordance with the requirements of the Privacy Act, We have appointed James Jennings as our Privacy Officer. The Privacy Officer has statutory obligations to:
(a) encourage and ensure New Zealand Bloodstock compliance with the principles of the Privacy Act;
(b) deal with requests made to New Zealand Bloodstock for access to and/or correction of personal information; and
(c) work with the Privacy Commissioner on any investigation into New Zealand Bloodstock.
If you have a privacy complaint, for example, you do not wish your personal information to be disclosed, you are receiving unwanted email or texts from us or would like further information about our Privacy Policy, please contact the Privacy Officer in the first instance by emailing the Privacy Officer at reception@nzb.co.nz, marking the subject heading of your email "For the attention of the Privacy Officer".
This document represents our privacy policy as at 12 November 2018.
key-hole Created with Sketch.
our newsletter
signup
© 2020 New Zealand Bloodstock. All rights reserved.
Terms & Conditions