http://www.chipsteadfc.org.uk/privacy-policy/
Main Menu
About
Contact Us
Child Welfare Officer
Documents
Grounds
Affiliation
History
Pre-Chipstead Old Boys FC
Chipstead Old Boys
The Years after the War
The 70s and 80s
Joining the Kent County Football League
Chipstead Juniors FC and New Pavilion
Sponsors
Supporters of Chipstead FC
Mini Soccer
U6 Mini Soccer
U7 Mini Soccer
U8 Mini Soccer
U9 Mini Soccer
U10 Mini Soccer
Youth Soccer
U11 Eagles
U11 Falcons
U12 Eagles
U12 Falcons
U13 Eagles
U14 Eagles
U14 Kestrels
U15 Eagles
U15 Falcons
U16 Eagles
U16 Falcons
U18 Youth Soccer
Senior Football
First Team
Vets
Players Profile
Girls Football
U12 Girls Football
U14 Girls Football
Wildcats
Courses/Events
Holiday Courses
Charity Football Tournament
Members Area
Register
My Account
Basket
Privacy Policy
Medical Consent
In the unlikely event of an emergency and being unable to contact you or your nominated emergency contact, please sign below to provide your permission for a representative of CJFC to give any written form of consent required by a hospital, medical or dental authority if delay in obtaining your signature is inadvisable by the doctor, dentist or surgeon. (In such an eventuality every effort would be made to contact you or your emergency contact).
Travel Consent
In the event of my being unable to take/collect my child to/from football, I hereby consent to my child being taken/collected by another parent or adult known to my child.
Image Consent
I understand that representatives of CJFC may take images of my child for league registration, promotional or training purposes. These images may appear in printed publications, website, video or other promotional material associated with the club. We will never include full names or personal details with any related image without good reason and without requesting further parental consent.
Kit Agreement
Players representing CJFC in mini and youth soccer will be given the use of a full kit subject to the payment of annual membership fees. At the end of the second season the kit should be returned to the club for recycling. The kit should be washed and kept in a condition suitable for representing CJFC. Should the kit become lost or damaged, players will be responsible for replacing the kit through Tower Sports.
Code of Conduct Players (available on request)
My Son/Daughter is aware of and agrees to abide by the Code of Conduct for Players.
Code of Conduct Parents and Spectators (available on request)
I have read and agree to abide by the Code of Conduct for Parents and Spectators