http://www.coerver.co.uk/cookie-policy.html
Coerver® History
Coerver® Curriculum
Coerver® Endorsements
Coerver® Partners
Coerver® Latest News
Coerver® Contact
Performance Academy
Book Now
adidas® Tours
Coerver® Shop
Coerver® Intro Course
Coerver® Youth Diploma 1 Course
Coerver® Youth Diploma 2 Course
Coerver® Shop
DVD's and Books
Play Like The Stars Road Show
Fit 2 Learn
School Football
Coerver® Shop
DVD's and Books
Play Like The Stars Road Show
Partner Club
DVD's and Books
Coerver® Shop
Coerver®/adidas® Core Package
Coerver®/adidas® Core Pro Package
Coerver®/adidas® Autheno Jersey
Coerver®/adidas® Milano Sock
Coerver®/adidas® Tiro Tracksuit
Coerver®/adidas® Core Rain Jacket
Coerver®/adidas® Team bag
Coerver®/adidas® Classic Water Bottle
Coerver® Coaching Session Planner DVD
Make Your Move DVD
Improve your game DVD
Goalkeeping Essentials DVD
Make Your Move Book & CD ROM
Improve Your Game Book & CD ROM
Please choose a region
West Midlands
Berkshire
Cheshire
Somerset
Norfolk
Munster
East Midlands
Bedfordshire
East London
Privacy & Cookie Policy
Our Privacy Policy is devised to help you feel more confident about the privacy and security of your personal details and shows how Coerver® Coaching England & Wales Ltd (Coerver® Coaching) intends to process, retain and remove your personal data, and the lawful basis for doing so. It is applicable to any information which is given by you or your company to Coerver® Coaching.
We may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
What information do we collect about you?
We may collect personal information which we receive when:
you use our website
you use our services or products
you contact us
you subscribe to or use our social media accounts
This may include information which you provide when you:
contract with us
enter information on our website
enter information on our customer surveys/offers
interact on our social media accounts
contact us directly in writing or by phone
enter a competition or promotion
We collect personal information which parents/guardians provide us about children through registering as a clinic member or booking our courses. We also collect information about school representatives when they enter their details to arrange or find out more about the services we offer.
We may collect the following types of information:
your name, address, email address, telephone number(s) and other contact details
information required to provide you with a service, and details of our services that you have used
your company’s name (or business), your position in the company; the company’s address, company’s email address and telephone number
a child’s personal information such as name, gender, date of birth, medical conditions, emergency contact details, special needs, allergies, EpiPen status, parental details.
your payment information such as credit or debit card details
information collected through your use of our websites
details of any enquiry or complaint you make
information about the mail or parcels sent to you via our services
your information when signing for receipt of a parcel or letter
How do we use the personal information we collect about you
We may use the personal information provided by you to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
for record keeping purposes
to contact you for your views on our services
to notify you about important changes or developments to our site or services
to provide a more personalised online experience
to improve our products and services
to keep you informed about our products and services that we offer
for market research purposes, on an anonymous basis to track activity on our site, to publish trends and/or to improve usefulness and content
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
Your personal information will be provided by Coerver® Coaching to selected third parties:
when customers have indicated they wish to receive information about products, services or promotions that may be of interest to them
where services are provided together with a business partner and it is necessary to disclose the information to them in order to provide the services
for the prevention of fraud against Coerver® Coaching, third parties and customers
for the purposes of identity verification
to prevent money laundering
to other third parties (including the police, law enforcement agencies, credit reference and fraud prevention agencies and other bodies) to protect our or another person’s rights, property, or safety including the exchange of information to protect against fraud and to reduce payment risks and in connection with the prevention and detection of crime
Keeping you informed
If you have bought or enquired about our products or services previously, we may also use the information we collect to let you know about our other products and services which may be of interest to you and to keep you updated with information about promotional offers.
Disclosure of your information
Your information may be used by Coerver® Coaching only. We will never pass your personal data to anyone else, except any successors in title to our business and suppliers that process data on our behalf both in the UK and abroad unless we have your consent.
Data Protection Notice
Coerver® fully supports the requirements of the Data Protection Act 1998 (DPA) and is committed to the protection of personal data belonging to our suppliers, customers and colleagues.
Any personal information collected by Coerver® Coaching will be used in accordance with the DPA.
We are aware of our obligations under the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) and have adopted a proactive approach to the implementation of the new legislation in the United Kingdom.
This includes reviewing existing policies and where appropriate developing and implementing new policies and procedures to ensure personal data is collected, stored and disposed of in a manner compliant with the requirements of the GDPR and any subsequent legislation from time to time in force.
We have taken appropriate measures to keep users' personal information secure. We are committed to keeping customers’ personal information secure to protect it from being inappropriately or accidentally accessed, used, shared or destroyed, and against it being lost. We have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure information we collect online. Internally, we restrict access to personal information. Only those parties who need the information in order to do their jobs have access to it.
Controlling your personal information
Coerver® Coaching only retains personal information for as long as we need it to carry out a particular purpose or meet a particular obligation and we collate only the information absolutely necessary to minimise the amount of data held.
You have a right to know about the personal information we hold about you. We can provide you with a copy of your personal data that we hold, free of charge, in an electronic format. Requests must be made in writing to Coerver® Coaching England & Wales Limited, The Bungalow, Hawthorne Lane, Coventry, West Midlands, CV4 9PB or support@coerver.co.uk and proof of your identification is required in order to protect your information, together with sufficient details to be able locate your information. For example, dates and details of the services that you have used.
You also have the right to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at support@coerver.co.uk
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
What is a Cookie?
A cookie is a small computer file (usually text) that is saved to your computer by most websites. If you have ever purchased something online or have a website login, then you've more than likely already used these types of cookies and not been aware of it.
Which Cookies do we use and why?
Cookie used
Reason for use
ASPSESSIONID
Website session
__utma
Google Analytics
__utmb
Google Analytics
__utmc
Google Analytics
__utmz
Google Analytics
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
YouTube
PREF
YouTube
WordPress
WordPress
WP-Settings
WordPress
Session Cookie
Our website is built using the most common of all cookies, namely the 'session cookie'. A session cookie allows your computer to remember each page you've visited on our website and it's necessary for our website to operate efficiently.
Without this cookie, the website wouldn't be able to remember essential information such as your shopping basket or login details.
Google Analytics Cookie
We also use Google Analytics cookies for monitoring website traffic. It allows us to optimise our website for search engines and evaluate how easy our site is to find on the web. This data is essential as it helps us to monitor how effective our marketing strategy has been.
All Google Analytics information is recorded anonymously and does not provide or share any user-identifiable information, for more information, please see Google's Privacy Policy.
YouTube Cookie
We embed YouTube videos into the website as a more dynamic way for you to learn about our products and services. YouTube uses cookies for remembering your user preferences and to provide links to other videos that are relevant to you. We do not set and cannot access the information in YouTube cookies, for more information, please see YouTube's Privacy Policy.
WordPress Cookie
Our website also uses the popular WordPress blogging system, this system also requires the use of a cookie to store information about your page views and whether you're logged in. For more information, please see WordPress's Cookie Policy.
What to do next?
You don't have to do anything, if you agree and consent with our cookies policy and usage, just continue to use our website. However, if you disagree, you can disable cookies in your browser, instructions on how to do this can be found here: www.allaboutcookies.org.
Please note, that if you do disable the use of cookies in your browser, it will prevent our site from functioning correctly.
Copyright© Coerver® Coaching from 1975 - 2020. All rights reserved
Site by www.headred.net