http://www.myccr.com/home/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Main menu
HomeAbout the WCA & CCR
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Copyright
Site Map
Join WCA
Contact us
Nastawgan & Other ResourcesNastawgan
Articles
Books, Publications, Movies
GearGear Info
Trip Prep & FoodPlanning
Problems
The Trip
Tips & Tricks
Food & RecipesRecipe Collection
Add Recipe
WCAWCA Trips
Nastawgan Journal
Special Events
Bulletin Board
Conservation
WCA Photo Gallery
Wilderness Canoe Symposium
Contacts
Join WCA
RoutesBrowse Trip Report Database
Edit Own Database Routes
Route Info Canada Route Info
US Route Info
Route ResourcesNational
Provincial/Territorial
US State/Regional
Nastawgan
Search Trip Report Database
General Site Search
Gallery
ForumsActive topics
Forum Index
Using BB Code
Netiquette
FAQ
Site
Click here to Search Entire Site
Latest Routes Added
Grand Lake to Barron Canyon - 10.Dec.20Opasatika/Missinaibi/Moose Rivers from Highway 11 - 07.Dec.20French River Delta - 19.Oct.20Little Laundrie to Big Marconi Lake - 03.Oct.20Broadback River (James Bay Highway to Waskaganish) - 30.Sep.20
In Short ...
We respect your privacy, and we keep any contact information you supply confidential. We do not now, nor will we ever release that information to any other group, company or individual.
This is not just a policy - it's our philosphy, also.
Home
About the WCA & CCR
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Copyright
Site Map
Join WCA
Contact Us
Route Information
CanadaBC
AB
SK
MB
ON
QC
NB
NS
PEI
NL
YT, NT, NU
Route Resources
CanadaNational
BC
AB
SK
MB
ON
QC
NB
NS
PEI
NL
YT
NT
NU
You are hereHome » Home » Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This policy statement describes how we collect information from you or about you, why we collect this information, how we will use or disclose this information about you, how you can update or delete personally identifieable information collected about you from our records.
IP Addresses
Every time you access the Internet, your computer is assigned an IP (Internet Protocol) Address by your Internet service provider (ISP). IP addresses allow computers and servers to recognize and to communicate with each other. The nature of the Internet is such that it passively and automatically collects certain information about a user's traffic patterns, linked to their IP address. This is because IP addresses are automatically logged by web servers, including ours.
An IP address does not automatically identify you as an individual, but it may (with the cooperation of your ISP) be used to locate you or any other individual using the Web. For example, if law enforcement agencies needed to track a person involved in the commission of a crime, they could take the IP number of a computer that accessed a web site, determine which ISP owns that IP address and demand the identity of the individual using that IP address at that specific time. For that reason, IP addresses are considered personal information - they are (indirectly) an identifying number
To maintain your anonymity, we do not associate IP addresses with records containing your personal information. The only exception is our discussion forum software, which uses IP addresses to track groups of posts. For example, the software has the capability of showing us which discussion group posts were made from a particular IP address. This information is only accessible to forum adminstrators, not the general users of the site. We will only use IP address information to personally identify you when necessary to enforce our legal rights or when compelled to do so under force of law.
Server Logs
Our servers automatically log information about visits to our web site in the normal course of establishing and maintaining web connections. Server logs record statistical information such as visitors' IP addresses, type of operating systems, monitor resolution, type of browser, time and duration of their visit and which web pages were requested during that visit. These statistics are reported in aggregate form to us, and are used to improve our web site and ensure it provides the optimal web experience for visitors. For example, our server logs may tell us that nearly all people visiting our web site have monitor resolutions of 800x600 or higher. We can use that information to assist us in designing an appropriate screen size for our site.
We do not link this server log information to any other data in a way that would allow us to identify individual visitors. We may review server logs for security purposes, for example, to detect intrusions into our network. The possibility exists that server log data (which contains IP addresses) could be used to trace and identify individuals. Under such circumstances, raw server logs would be provided to the appropriate law enforcement or investigative bodies with the authority to investigat such breaches of security
Cookies
Cookies are tiny text files that are placed on the hard drive of visitor's computer in a specific location designed to hold such files. These cookies automatically identify your specific browser to our server when you access our web site. These cookies do not allow us to personally identify you
Cookies are used to store information between visits. They are strictly a convenience that is used to enhance your browsing experience at our web site. For example, our web site allows users to save their forum login information if they prefer. A cookie stores that preference information so that login takes place automatically the next time that person visits the site.
Cookies are not required to visit our web site, and you have the ability to set your browser to refuse cookies from this, or any other site. Visitors who have their browsers set to refuse cookies will not be able to utilize features such as those we have described above.
Registration Information
We collect personal information that you choose to share with us in the registration and interactive portions of this web site (or example, the discussion forums or newsletter signup). This information may include personal information, your location, email address or your answers to questions. This information is only collected with your permission, and if you choose to provide it to us so that we can provide you with the services and information being offered in accordance with our privacy policy.
A valid email address in required in order to sign up for our discussion forums. This is to prevent visitors from signing up under another person's name without their knowledge. You have the ability to use our discussion forums without publicly displaying this email address on any forum page.
We
(WCA/MyCCR) do not share our email addresses, member lists or any other registration or personal information with any other individual, group, company or organization. Information collected is used only within the context of operating our own web site and the WCA club activities (ie club marketing, announcements, etc.).
People registering on this site and choosing to have their email address displayed should be aware that companies who send unsolicited commercial email (spam) utilize programs that automatically "crawl" the Web looking through the source code of pages for email addresses. These programs have the ability to retrieve those email addresses and store them in a database for use by the commercial email company. Thus, it may be possible for a site user who chooses to publicly display their email address to be placed on a mailing list without our knowledge and consent. Unfortunately, there is nothing we can do to prevent this type of activity from occurring.
Other Sites
Our privacy policy applies only to this web site (www.myccr.com). This web site contains links to other web sites, including sites that may indicate a special relationship with us. We do not endorse the content of these web sites; nor are we responsible for the privacy policies of those sites. You should read the privacy policies of each site you visit to determine what information those sites are collecting about you and how they intend to use it.
Security of Email Transmissions
We cannot guarantee the security of email systems. This is not related to our system, it is simply the state of email technology currently in use. Email should not be used to transmit any information that requires any degree of privacy or confidentiality. For example, you should always submit credit card information via our secure e-commerce system, not by email.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We may change our privacy policy at any time by posting revisions to this or other pages on our web site. You agree to review the privacy policies each time you use this web site so that you are aware of any modifications to these policies. By accessing or using this web site you agree to be bound by all of the terms and conditions of the Terms of Use as posted on the web site at the time of your access or use, including the Privacy Policy then in effect.
»
Advertising Information
Click here for info
User login
Username *
Password *
Create new account
Request new password
Copyright © 2007-2020 CCR Inc. All rights reserved.
Use without permission is prohibited. By using this site, you are agreeing to the terms and conditions as described in this disclaimer.
Design by Marilyn Sprissler. Programming & CMS D7 by CERAiT.com