https://www.hittingthegreen.com/privacy-policy
HomePrivacy Policy
If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us here.
Log Files
Like many other Web sites, we make use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
Cookies and Web Beacons
We do use cookies to store information about visitors preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the user access or visit, customize Web page content based on visitors browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.
Amazon Associates Program
HittingTheGreen.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com & Amazon.co.uk.
DoubleClick DART Cookie
.:: Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on HittingTheGreen.com.
.:: Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to HittingTheGreen.com and other sites on the Internet.
.:: Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL – http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners include:
Google Adsense
Amazon Associates
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on HittingTheGreen.com send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see.
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. HittingTheGreen.com’s privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers’ respective websites.
We reserve the right, at any time and without notice, to add to, change, update, or modify this Privacy Policy, simply by posting such change, update, or modification on the Site and without any other notice to you. Any such change, update, or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on the Site.
Legal Disclaimer
HittingTheGreen.com is not responsible for the improper use, employment, or handling of any products that are presented on our website. HittingTheGreen.com is not responsible for any illegal uses or employment of any of these products. Whenever using any oral hygiene equipment, it is recommended to consult your physician before hand.
Ezoic
We use ezoic ads, if you’d like to take a look at the privacy policy, you can do so here.
Popular Articles
Recent Posts
Best Golf Travel Bag for 2020 [Keep …
Although choosing a golf bag is essential, choosing a golf …
Why Are Graphite Irons Longer?
We all know that graphite shafts are lighter and a …
How Accurate Are Golf Simulators?
Once you get the golf bug, it’s hard to let …
What is the Best Projector for a …
Indoor golf simulators can be a great addition to any …
Does a Heavier Shaft Increase Distance?
With golf clubs getting lighter and lighter, many people wonder …
x
x