http://www.griffinshockey.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
GRAND RAPIDS GRIFFINS WEBSITE PRIVACY POLICY
West Michigan Hockey, Inc. dba Grand Rapids Griffins is committed to protecting your online privacy to the best extent it can. We have adopted the following Privacy Policy for the Griffinshockey.com website (the “Site”) so that you may understand under what circumstances we may collect, use, and disclose your personal information. This Privacy Policy also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and the steps you can take to access this information and to request that we correct or delete it. For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “personally identifiable information” or “personal information” means information that can be linked to a specific individual, such as a name, address, telephone number, email address or credit card number.
We reserve the right to revise this Privacy Policy at any time without prior notice. For this reason, please check back regularly for the most recent version of our Privacy Policy. Privacy Policy changes will apply to the information collected from the date we post the revised Privacy Policy, as well as to existing information held by us.
By using the Site, you agree to be legally bound by all of the terms of the Grand Rapids Griffins’ Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy, including all changes and revisions to the Grand Rapids Griffins’ Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy.
Where personally identifiable information is collected on our Site
Personally identifiable information is collected on this Site through our fan sites and other web pages, including, but not limited to, “Ticket Information Request”, “Griffins Nation Email”, “Griffins Insider Email”, “Grand Rapids Griffins Online Store”, as well as through other interactive features of the Site.
Use and disclosure of your personal information
The Grand Rapids Griffins will collect personal information and demographic information only if you provide the information to us. You are not required to provide us with any personal information, but if you choose not to, certain Site features and offers may be limited. When the Grand Rapids Griffins receive personal or demographic information, we may use it for reasonable purposes. For example, we may use this information to contact you, via email or regular mail, or to provide you with information we believe may be of interest. Your personal information may also be used for compiling data and analysis to understand your needs and for other programs, research, and commercial activities.
You also should be aware that if you disclose personally identifiable information (e.g., user name, email address) in your message board postings or other publicly accessible areas of the Site, that information, along with any substantive information disclosed in your communication, can be collected and correlated and used by third parties and may result in unsolicited messages from other posters or third parties. Such activities are beyond the control of the Grand Rapids Griffins.
Opt out
Upon receipt of any offering from the Grand Rapids Griffins, users will have the opportunity to indicate whether they would like to “opt out” of receiving additional promotional and/or marketing information about other products, services and offerings from the Grand Rapids Griffins. However, notwithstanding any opt out of promotional information by the user, the Grand Rapids Griffins reserve the right to contact a subscriber regarding account status, changes to the subscriber agreement and other matters relevant to the underlying service and/or the information collected.
Other information you choose to provide to us
Please note that our Privacy Policy applies only to your use of the Site and does not apply when you send unsolicited, content, business information, ideas, suggestions, concepts or inventions to us and such information may be used by us in accordance with our Terms of Use Agreement.
Information we collect automatically
To review the success of this Site and how it can be improved, we keep regular logs of use of the Site, content, and services. Information collected includes, but is not limited to, pages viewed, browsers used to access the Site, search terms used and various other statistical data, including non-personally identifiable information we receive from our third-party service providers. This information is only collected and viewed as aggregated data, without reference to individual users. We may share this aggregate statistical information with other outside companies, but in doing so, we will not disclose personal information. Some examples of how we gather and aggregate such information are as follows:
Cookies: Cookies are small files stored on your computer that allow us to customize the information we provide to you on the Site according to your profile and preferences. Although a cookie will not, in and of itself, identify you, it can identify your computer. Your browser is most likely set up to accept cookies automatically. If you would like to disable cookies, you may do so by adjusting the options or preferences in your browser. However, by doing so, you may lose some of the functionality of our Site.
IP Addresses: An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you connect with an internet service provider. We may collect IP addresses for the purposes of system administration and to audit the use of this Site. Each time you log onto the Site and each time you request one of our pages, our server logs your IP address. Although we log your session with us, we will not normally link your IP address to anything that can enable us to identify you.
Email links
Certain links on the Site will automatically open a new email message from your default email application. Be sure to take note of the addressee of the message by looking at the “To:” field of your new message. We may also have put a subject heading in the “Subject:” field and/or attached some content in the body of the message or as an attachment. As with all email, use caution regarding what information you are sending and to whom you are sending it. Once sent, the recipient will know your email address and any other information provided in the body of the message or as an attachment. We may use any of this information to respond to your message and/or to communicate with you in the future.
External links
Except as otherwise indicated, our Privacy Policy applies only to your use of this Site. This Site contains links to other sites. Other than to our partners who help us operate the Grand Rapids Griffins Online Store, we do not disclose personally identifiable information to those operating linked sites and we are not responsible for their privacy practices. Links to other sites do not imply an endorsement of the materials or policies of those websites. You should read the privacy policies of each site you visit to determine what information that site may be collecting about you.
Legal requirements
Notwithstanding anything in this Privacy Policy to the contrary, we may release your personal information to third parties: (a) to comply with valid legal requirements such as a law, regulation, search warrant, subpoena or court order; (b) to fulfill the purposes for which the information was provided, such as the provision of services or shipment of products hereunder, or (c) in special cases, such as a threat to you or others.
Operation of this Site
This Site is operated and maintained by the Grand Rapids Griffins together with certain outside contractors and internet service providers that may have access to your personal information while operating, hosting, or maintaining this Site. The servers used to operate this Site are in the United States of America.
Changes in corporate structure
We might sell certain assets or portions of assets of the Grand Rapids Griffins, or the Grand Rapids Griffins organization may be sold, merged, or otherwise transferred. In such transactions, user information, whether personally identifiable or otherwise, may be one of the transferred assets.
How to correct or update information
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, would like to request changes to the personal information collected from you or opt out of receiving information in the future, please contact the Grand Rapids Griffins at 130 W. Fulton, Suite 111, Grand Rapids, MI 49503, 616-774-4585 or customerservice@griffinshockey.com.
Your California privacy rights
California law permits visitors who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personally identifiable information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please contact us at 130 W. Fulton, Suite 111, Grand Rapids, MI 49503, 616-774-4585 or customerservice@griffinshockey.com.
Children’s Privacy Policy
If you are under 18 years of age, you need to get your parent or guardian’s permission before giving us any of your personal information, whether on the Site or through any other means online or offline.
The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”) requires that we inform parents and legal guardians about how we collect, use, and disclose personal information from children under 13 years of age; and that we obtain the consent of parents and guardians in order for children under 13 years of age to use certain features of our Site. Below we explain how we do that for these children. When we use the term “parent” below, that term includes a child’s legal guardian.
Where is children’s personal information collected?
Personally identifiable information is collected from children on the Site through only the “Griffins Kids Club” registration page. Children are not permitted to provide us with personally identifiable information on any other portion of the site.
Note that personal information from children may also be submitted offline via the postal service or other delivery service for certain features and events promoted on the Site.
What types of personal information do we collect about kids?
Children can surf our Site, view content, play games and learn about hockey without any personal information being collected. When a child joins our Kids Club, we collect and retain the child’s birth date and email address solely to provide the child with activities and offers provided by the Griffins Kids Club.
How do we use and share the personally identifiable information that we have collected about children?
If a child registers for a sweepstakes or contest, we use the parent’s email address to notify the parent of the child’s registration request. In addition, we may share a child’s personal information with third parties to the extent reasonably necessary to: fulfill a requested transaction; send information about products and services that we or our partners offer; protect the security or integrity of our Site; take precautions against liability; respond to judicial process; or, to the extent permitted by law, provide information to law enforcement agencies or for an investigation related to public safety. Our partners include businesses that run the Grand Rapids Griffins Online Store and process transactions.
How do we obtain consent from parents for the collection of information from their children?
We obtain verifiable parental consent prior to retaining personal information from a child. This means that we make reasonable efforts (taking into consideration available technology) to ensure that if personal information is retained from a child, that child’s parent or legal guardian receives notice of our personal information collection, use, and disclosure practices, and authorizes any collection, use, and/or disclosure of the personal information from their child.
How can parents access, change or delete personally identifiable information about their kids?
At any time, parents can refuse to permit us to retain further personal information from their child and can request that any personal information we have collected be deleted from our records. To access, change, or delete the personally identifiable information that we have collected from their child, a parent can contact us by sending an email to customerservice@griffinshockey.com. Please include the child’s name and the child’s parent’s email addresses in the email so that we can better assist you with your inquiry or request.
How may parents find out about changes to our Children’s Privacy Policy?
We may amend our Children’s Privacy Policy at any time. Please note that parents should check this page frequently for any changes in the way we intend to collect, use, and/or share children’s personal information. We will apply material changes in our Children’s Privacy Policy only in conformance with applicable law, including any applicable provisions of COPPA that require parental consent.
Who do users contact with questions or concerns about our Children’s Privacy Policy?
If you need further assistance, please send an email with your questions or comments to customerservice@griffinshockey.com or write us at Grand Rapids Griffins, 130 W. Fulton, Suite 111, Grand Rapids, MI 49503, or call us at 616-774-4585 (If you are under 18 years of age, you must have your parent or guardian’s permission to call this number.)
Note to children under 18 years of age
If you are under 18 years of age, you need to let your parent or guardian know about this Privacy Policy and get his/her permission each time you use the Site and before giving us any of your personal information, even information required for registration on this Site. You should not post your real name on a web site and should never tell anyone online anything private about yourself or your family, including your phone number or address. If you win a contest that has a prize, your parent or guardian will have to mail or fax us a signed note at the address or fax number listed in the rules for the specific contest that says it was OK for you to enter and tells us they will accept the prize for you. You must ask a parent before you pay for anything on the Site. Some areas of this Site may have special rules for children under the age of 18. When you are in those areas you must follow those rules.
Note to parents
Parents or guardians are encouraged to spend time online with their children to become familiar with the types of content available on the Site and the Internet in general. Parents should regularly oversee their children’s use of email and other online communications and transactional features. Control tools are available from online services and software manufacturers that can help provide a safe online environment for your children. You can find out about software that protects your children at the Direct Marketing Association’s home page at: http://www.the-dma.org. If your child has used your credit card on the Site without your permission, contact us immediately at customerservice@griffinshockey.com.
If your child has provided us with personally identifiable information without your permission, please contact us by sending an email to customerservice@griffinshockey.com if you would like this information deleted from our records. Please include the child’s name and the child’s and parent’s email addresses in your email so that we can better assist you with your inquiry or request.Google's Privacy PolicyClick here to read Google's Privacy Policy.
Close
Get tickets, live scores, stats, highlights, player interviews & more!
Download App