http://www.ycfl.org.uk/privacy
Welcome, Guest
Sign In
Username or email
Password
Remember me (up to 30 days)
Unable to login?
Yorkshire Christian Football League
Clubs
Premier Division
Armley CCFC
Bentley Baptist FC
Morley BCCFC
Mosaic FC
St. George's FC
York ELIM FC
Division 1
Bradford Gateway FC
Bridge Community Church FC
Junction AFC Huddersfield
Life United FC
Oulton Athletic Torchbearers FC
St. John's Bowling Eagles FC
St. Wilfrid's FC
Associate Members
Acomb Gateway FC
Christchurch FC
FC Gateway
Hull Saints FC
People
Find...
Fixtures
Recent Games
Upcoming Games
Full Fixture List
Tables
Premier Division
Division 1
League Cup Groups
Fair Play League
Top Scorers
Venues
Find...
Contacts
Contact Committee
Webmaster
YCFL on the Web
Facebook
Twitter
Links
Football (local)
Football (general)
Equipment Suppliers
Christianity
Please enter your username or email address
Privacy Policy
Yorkshire Christian Football League is committed to protecting your personal information,
while at the same time publishing as much information as possible relevant
to the running of a football league.
What information do you hold on me?
All registered players are able to log in to
the website, and have control over which personal information is visible and
to whom (it is recommended, though not necessary, to use your email address in
order to do this). For instructions on how to do so, please see your club
manager or contact the website
administrators.
All players registered to teams in the league are required to have their
names stored - this is a requirement on the league imposed by the district FA.
Player registration forms also include a date of birth, which is needed to
ensure that parental consent is obtained where players are under the age where
they can give their own consent; however, only a player's age will be
displayed on their profile page unless they expressly choose to display more
information.
For contact purposes players may wish to record their email address, home
address, phone number or social media information and make them visible to
their team-mates. An email address provides a convenient way to log into the
website (and obtain password information and other communication); home
address information may be useful for route planning purposes when integrated
with the venue information on the website, if this feature is available. If
recorded, this will be visible to their club manager (and other designated
officials) and league committee by default, but will not be visible to any wider
audience unless the player chooses.
Aside from the above, whenever a player is named in a matchday squad this
will be recorded, along with statistics about their appearance (goals, cards
etc), which will be visible to all users of the website. If applicable,
managers may make comments on the performance and/or conduct of their own
players or opposing players, which are visible to logged-in members of the
website after both scorecards are submitted for a given fixture.
A player may choose to make themselves visible to the website's search
functions, which will prevent them being found by this method - however this
does not mean their appearance information will be hidden.
How will you use information stored about me?
Your personal information may be used by your club manager
to facilitate organisation of your club, and by the league committee to
facilitate organisation of the league and its associated competitions.
Information may also be requested by the district FA (especially in relation
to fines or other sanctions). No information will be disclosed to any other
parties without your written consent, unless required by law.
What is your policy on cookies?
This is described on a separate page.
Last updated : September 5th 2012
Privacy Policy
Use of Cookies