http://www.indianapolismotorspeedway.com/legal/terms-of-sale
You are here:
HomeTerms of Sale
Terms of Sale
INDIANAPOLIS MOTOR SPEEDWAY, LLC TERMS OF SALEALL TICKETS (AS DEFINED BELOW) ARE SUBJECT TO ALL TERMS OF SALE APPLICABLE AT THE TIME OF PURCHASE, INCLUDING (WITHOUT LIMITATION) THE TERMS SET FORTH HEREIN.ACCEPTANCE AND/OR USE OF A TICKET CONSTITUTES ACCEPTANCE OF ALL SUCH TERMS, INCLUDING (WITHOUT LIMITATION) THE FOLLOWING TERMS: ALL TICKET SALES ARE FINAL – NO REFUNDS The term “ticket” includes (without limitation) general admission tickets, reserved seating tickets, worker tickets, suite tickets, hospitality passes, parking passes, bronze badges, credentials, and any piece of collateral that allows the holder access to Indianapolis Motor Speedway property (“Speedway”) and/or certain restricted areas of the Speedway. ATTENDANCE AT AN EVENT AND/OR USE OF A PARKING AREA IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. The ticket holder expressly ASSUMES ALL RISK incident to the event, whether occurring prior to, during, or subsequent to the actual conduct of the event, and HEREBY RELEASES all event participants, sanctioning bodies, event organizers, sponsors, Indianapolis Motor Speedway, LLC (“IMS”), INDYCAR, LLC, Penske Entertainment Corp., PMCH Corp. (formerly known as Hulman Motorsports Corporation), Indianapolis Motor Speedway Foundation, Inc., Motorsports Safety Technology, LLC, Automobile Competition Committee for the United States, United States Auto Club, Inc., Andersen Promotions, LLC, National Association for Stock Car Auto Racing, LLC and NASCAR Event Management, LLC (together, “NASCAR”), Sports Car Club of America, Inc., CICP Foundation, Inc., and all affiliates, directors, managers, officers, members, shareholders, owners, employees, representatives, and agents of each of the foregoing (“Releasees”) from any and all claims arising from the event, including claims of negligence of Releasees. Without limiting the foregoing, the ticket holder acknowledges that by entering the Speedway there are risks of exposure, directly and indirectly, to the ticket holder and those with whom the ticket holder comes into contact, to communicable diseases including but not limited to the virus “severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2)”, “COVID-19” and/or any mutation or variation thereof.
Preventative measures are in place to help reduce the spread of COVID-19; however, we CANNOT GUARANTEE that you will not be exposed to COVID-19.
By entering the premises, you, on behalf of yourself and any minor accompanying you, voluntarily assume the potential
risk and danger that you and any minor accompanying you may be exposed to COVID-19 and release Releasees from all claims, including negligence related to COVID-19.
Visit www.ims.com/covid19 for more information. A ticket is a limited, revocable license to attend the event at the Speedway that is specified on the ticket and is subject to the holder’s compliance with all rules, regulations, and policies of IMS as they exist from time to time including without limitation those provided on IMS’s website and/or in any other materials. No other rights of any kind are conveyed to the holder of any ticket.
All events/activities are subject to modification, postponement, and cancellation.
Please refer to the face of the ticket for the postponement policy (if any) for that ticket. IMS reserves the right to revoke any ticket, to refuse admission to (or to eject any person from) the Speedway, and/or to remove any vehicle, motor vehicle, and all related accessories either before, during, or after the event, in all cases for such reasons as IMS deems appropriate in its sole and absolute discretion and without refund.
IMS reserves the right to conduct and/or require screenings and testing (including without limitation health screenings and testing), to release personal information about you to any government authority upon its request without inquiring about the lawfulness of the demand and without prior notice to you, and to search all ticket holders’ persons, vehicles, parcels, bags, clothing, containers, packages, and motor vehicles prior to entry into the Speedway and to confiscate prohibited items and/or deny entry to the Speedway. THE HOLDER OF A TICKET IS NOT ENTITLED TO A REFUND, REPLACEMENT TICKET, OR TO PAYMENT FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND FOR ANY REASON, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE CANCELLATION, POSTPONEMENT, SHORTENING, OR OTHER ALTERATION OF THE EVENT OR ANY PORTION OF THE EVENT OR THE REVOCATION OR OTHER ALTERATION OF ANY PRIVILEGES OR ACCESS EXTENDED TO THE HOLDER IN CONNECTION WITH THE TICKET. Without limitation, all booking charges, service fees, and handling fees are non-refundable. IMS is not responsible for lost, stolen, or destroyed tickets. Ticket holder assumes all risks associated with the purchase of a ticket from any third-party sources. Any person, regardless of age, must have a reserved seat ticket for admittance to seating areas. Ticket holder may be relocated to an alternative seat in IMS’s discretion. The term “ticket order” includes (without limitation) ticket applications, renewals, purchases in progress, and change requests. Ticket orders are irrevocable offers to purchase that may be accepted or rejected by IMS in its sole discretion. IMS reserves the right to determine and/or change the specific stand and seat assignments for ticket orders. IMS reserves the right to deny renewal requests as to tickets that are subsequently re-sold even if the original purchaser did not profit from the re-sale. Tickets may not be used for advertising, promotion (including contests and sweepstakes), or other trade purposes without the express written consent of IMS. As to any event at IMS, including (without limitation), the INDYCAR Grand Prix®, Indianapolis 500® Mile Race, concerts or other performances, and/or any event in connection therewith, to which access is provided by virtue of a ticket, all rights to broadcast, record, photograph, repeat, reproduce, or recreate the events (directly or indirectly) are reserved by IMS and/or its designees. The ticket holder grants IMS and its designees the right to use the holder’s image and/or likeness and the holder’s rights of publicity in any photo, video display, transmission, or reproduction for any purpose. All rights to broadcast, record, photograph, repeat, reproduce, or recreate the event are reserved by IMS. The bearer of a ticket agrees not to take any action which would infringe on the rights of IMS or its designees. As to the NASCAR Cup Series Race and the NASCAR Xfinity Series Race, and/or any other event in connection therewith, to which access is provided by virtue of a ticket, NASCAR owns all rights to broadcast, transmit, film, tape, capture, overhear, photograph, collect or record by any means (including but not limited to television, cable television, radio, pay-per-view, closed circuit television, satellite signal, digital signal, and the Internet) all images, sounds and data arising from or during any NASCAR event and NASCAR shall be the sole owner of any and all copyrights, intellectual property rights, and proprietary rights worldwide in and to these works and in and to any other works, copyrightable or otherwise, created from the images, sounds and data arising from or during any NASCAR event. The bearer of any tickets purchased via this document agrees not to take any action, or cause others to take any action, which would contravene, diminish, encroach or infringe upon these NASCAR rights or the rights of IMS and its designees. The personal data that ticket holder provides to IMS will, subject to applicable law, be used, processed, stored, and transferred by IMS in accordance with the terms of IMS’s Privacy Policy which is available at http://www.indianapolismotorspeedway.com/legal/privacy-policy. For users in the European Economic Area, the legal bases for processing your personal data are (1) it is necessary to perform a contract with you (sale of goods or services) or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract; (2) it is necessary to comply with a legal obligation (such as notifying you of Privacy Policy changes); and (3) it is necessary for the pursuit of our legitimate interests or those of a third party.
For more information regarding the purposes for which we may process your personal data, refer to the IMS Privacy Policy at the link above. The ticket holder agrees that these Terms of Sale are governed by Indiana law. The exclusive jurisdiction as to any action that involves the Terms of Sale shall be a federal or state court residing in Marion County, Indiana.Effective: 12/07/2020