http://www.allfootballgoals.com/privacy
All Goals - The Livescore App
Privacy Policy
Last Updated:
20th Aug 2016
This
Privacy Policy describes the information that All Goals AD (hereafter
referred to as "we", ”our”, or “us”) collect through mobile
application “All Goals – The Livescore App” (hereafter referred to as the
"App"), how we use, disclose and protect the information of all
parties using the App (hereafter referred to as “you”, or “your”).
Consent
By installing
and accessing the App, you expressly consent to the collection, use, disclosure
and storage of your information and other information received by us as a
result of such use in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree
with the terms of this Privacy Policy, you should immediately stop using the App.
Please note that the App may be hosted in countries other than yours, including
the United States. By accessing the App, you expressly consent to the transfer
of your information outside of your home country, which may provide for
different data protection rules than in your country. The data is securely stored
on Google Cloud Platform on your behalf. However, the government, courts, or regulatory
agencies of a particular country may be able to obtain access to or disclosure
of personal information as permitted by the laws of that country.
What we collect and when
We collect
the following types of information as follows:
Information you provide us directly: We do not collect any Personal Data
(defined as any information about you, which is, or can be, identified, even
indirectly, by reference to any other information, including a personal
identification number) when you simply use the App without logging in. However,
the App does require that you supply some Personal Data (such as email address)
when using additional services provided (such as Chat and Prediction) available
only after the registration to the App. You are under no obligation to provide
any Personal Data. However, without such data may make it impossible for the
App to provide its services. Your username,
favourite leagues, teams, players, followed users, chat messages, predicted
outcome are saved in our database. We use this information to operate,
maintain, and provide to you the features and functionality of the App.
Information received from third parties: If you have connected through Facebook
or Google, the link to your public profile picture is saved in our database.
Other information that you have made publicly available in these social
networks may be collected resulting from the connection and may only be used to
enhance your user experience and will not be shared with other users or
distributed to any other third parties. You should always review, and if
necessary, adjust your privacy settings on third party websites and services before
linking or connecting them to the App. You may also unlink your third party
account from the App by adjusting your settings on the third party service.
Analytics information: We may directly collect information or
we or our third party business partners may use analytics tools to help us
measure the traffic and usage trends for the App.
Log file information: When you use the App, our servers
automatically record certain log file information. These server logs may
include anonymous information such as your request, IP-address, operating
system version, and other such information. This information is only used to
monitor, assess, diagnose problems with, and therefore improve the App.
Device identifiers: When you use the App, we or our third
party business partners may access, assign, collect, monitor and/or remotely
store one or more unique identifiers, such as a universally unique identifier
(UUID). A unique identifier may convey information to us about how you use the App.
Advertising identifiers: Advertising identifiers are unique strings associated with your mobile
device provided by the operating system.
Location data: When you access the App, your IP-Address
and your country derived from the IP-address is stored in our database. The country
data is used to customize the App’s country specific features like Popular
matches order and the list of match odds providers.
Commercial and marketing communications: We use the information we collect or
receive to communicate directly with you. We may send you emails containing Service-related
notices (e.g. account verification, feature notifications, technical and
security notices). You can stop receiving these emails (other than
Service-related notices) from us by clicking on the "unsubscribe
link" provided in such communications.
How we use information
We use or
may use the collected or received information described above to: (i) remember
information so that you will not have to re-type it the next time you use the
App, (ii) provide personalized content and information, (iii) provide and
monitor the effectiveness of the App; (iv) monitor aggregate metrics such as
total number of visitors, traffic, and demographic patterns, (v) diagnose or
fix technology problems, (vi) help you efficiently access your information
after you sign in, (vii) provide targeted advertising to your device, (viii)
allow you to predict a match outcome or chat and (ix) conduct research or surveys.
How long we keep your information
Your
information is kept as long as necessary to meet the purposes for which it was
collected as outlined in this Privacy Policy, and for a commercially reasonable
time thereafter for backup, archival, or as otherwise required by law.
Disclosure of your information to third parties
We respect
your privacy. We do not sell, share or rent or otherwise disclose any Personal
Data we collect directly from you or about you from third parties including social
networking services, unless you choose in advance to have such information
shared for this purpose. The App collects and uses your information only for
any purpose which has been expressly stated in this Privacy Policy. We reserve
the right to provide statistics about traffic, and other statistical
information relating to the App to third parties, however, without identifying any
user.
How we protect your information
We care
about the security of your Personal Data, and take technological and administrative
measures to protect it. The information you submit is saved on Google Cloud SQL
and Google App Engine Data stores to help protect against the destruction,
loss, misuse and alteration. Notwithstanding these efforts, we cannot guarantee
that such event will not occur.
Links to third party sites
The App
provides links to other websites for your convenience. When you use a link from
the App to another website, this Privacy Policy does not apply to that third
party website, as your browsing and interaction on any third party website are
subject to that third party's own rules and policies. Therefore, we are not
responsible for the contents displayed or the practices employed by third party
websites and measures they adopt to protect your privacy.
Privacy Policy updates
We may
update or modify this Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time without
prior notice. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy on a regular basis,
in order to become familiar with the terms and clauses therein. This Privacy
Policy was made effective on the date indicated on top.
How to contact us
For all inquiries please contact our customer support
team by email at support@allgoals.com