http://www.badmintonengland.co.uk/our-commitment-to-your-privacy/
Skip to Content
OUR COMMITMENT TO YOUR PRIVACY
GDPR FAQS FOR CLUBS AND COUNTIES
We want to give you the best possible experience with Badminton England, be it to inform you of what is going on in the world of badminton, new opportunities to play or compete, tickets to watch the best players or how to get into volunteering our coaching.
Your trust is important to us - protecting the personal data of our members, fans, coaches, volunteers, staff and stakeholders, and ensuring that we handle it in accordance with the law, is of paramount importance to us.
So we want you to know that we have updated a number of our policies, including our Data Protection Policy and our Privacy Notice, to explain how we will collect, store and handle your personal data.
Please take some time to use the links below and review our policies and notices for further information on how we use your personal data.
Data Protection Statement
Details our commitment to your privacy, your rights and how, why and when we may use your data.
Data Protection Policy
Details scope and objectives of the policy, data protection laws, responsibilities of the Data Protection Officer and much more.
Duty of Care Statement
States and defines the responsibilities of Badminton England to its people
Privacy Policy/Notice
Explains in detail the types of personal data we may collect about you when you interact with us. It also explains how we store and handle t…
Privacy Notice (Young People)
This privacy notice is applicable to all members of Badminton England who are less than 18 years old.
Data Breach Notice
This note focuses on the key legal elements of responding to a breach of personal data security, principally the obligation to notify data p…
Direct Marketing Policy
Details the Preferences Members / fans / customers will have the ability to opt-in to.
Personal Data Retention Schedule
Keeping personal data records for the period necessary for their purpose, and ensuring such records are accessible if required, is good busi…
FAQs FOR CLUBS AND COUNTIES
The data we hold, access and collect helps us personalise our communications to you, ensuring they are relevant to the interests you have in badminton - and we will sometimes share data with third parties to help us provide a better service for you.
But we are mindful that you have many rights regarding your personal data, including seeing what data we access, and updating your information.
Have you logged in?
Log In or Register
Preview Content
Do you want to login?
Log In or Register