http://www.badminton-horse.co.uk/privacy-notice/
Badminton
Latest
News
At Badminton stories
Coronavirus
Audio
Videos
Photo Gallery
Best of Badminton TV
Radio Badminton
Badminton Newsletter
Tickets
Tickets
Hospitality & Lakeside
Membership
Camping Site
Glamping
Day Trips By Coach
Gift Vouchers
Aircraft
Information
Event Timetable
Sustainability
Dates
Competition
Schedule
Final Results 2019
Cross Country Course Library
Previous Results
Science Supplements Cup
Stallion Parade
Dubarry Burghley Young Event Horse Class
Shopping
Gift Vouchers
Shopping Village
Exhibitors 2020
Badminton Merchandise
Official DVDs
Site Plan 2019
Applications for a Tradestand
Media
Media Services
Broadcast Rights
Media Resources
About
About Us
Contact Us
Eventing Explained
Horse Welfare
History
Advertising Opportunities
Supporters and Affiliates
Sponsors
Health & Safety Policy
Wednesday 5th May
TO
Sunday 9th May, 2021
#BadmintonHorseTrials
Official Partners
Privacy Notice
We have updated our Privacy Notice in accordance with the new European Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) effective from 25th May 2018.  We collect relevant data from a variety of groups including:
Purchasers of tickets
Trade Stand Exhibitors
Event officials
Volunteers
The Media
Competitors, Owners and Grooms
Sponsors, Advertisers and Supporters
Entrants to Competitions
Consumers of Services offered by Badminton Horse Trials
Contractors
Staff
We only collect such data as is necessary for us to communicate effectively about Badminton Horse Trials and to fulfil our obligations to the relevant person. Dependent on the category of the relevant person, we will collect:
Name, contact information including email, postal addresses and telephone numbers
Photographs
Video Content
We will only use the data to communicate about Badminton Horse Trials.  We will never sell or share the data with a third party, except in so far as it is required to deliver our services (eg.to Mailchimp or similar in order efficiently to manage electronic communications), or to meet our legal obligations.
We will use email addresses to send emails under mutual legitimate interest, such as emails connected with an order, information about the event and information about the next year.
Security of data
All Data is stored securely on our computers and servers, access to which is password protected.
Access to Data
You may request details of your personal information held by us, by emailing info@badminton-horse.co.uk or writing to Horse Trials Office, Badminton Horse Trials Ltd. Badminton, Gloucestershire GL9 1DF. You have the right to correct any errors in the data we hold.  You may instruct us to delete your information permanently or completely. You have the right to restrict the processing of your data. You have the right to data portability. You have the right to object to the processing of your data.
Retention of Data
We will retain your data for a period of five years after the date of a Badminton Horse Trials in which you participated or which you attended, for our legitimate interests of marketing and communication. You may ask for your data to be removed at any time during this period.  During the year following the 5th anniversary your data will be permanently deleted.