https://www.middlesbroughgolfclub.co.uk/visitors/privacy-notice-visitors/
Privacy Notice for Visitors
Here at Middlesbrough Golf Club we take your privacy seriously and we want to make sure all the personal information we have collected about you, is safe and secure.
This notice is to explain how we may use personal information collect before, during and after your booking and/or visit with us. This notice explains how we comply with the law on data protection, what your rights are and for the purpose of data protection we will be the controller of any of your personal information.
We have not appointed a Data Protection Officer to oversee our compliance with data protection laws as we are not required to do so.
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT FROM YOU
Depending on the type of booking and/or visit you make with us, you may initially provide us with or we may obtain personal information about you, such as information regarding your:
Personal contact details that allow us to contact you directly such as name, title, email address and telephone numbers;
Date of birth;
Gender;
Records of your interactions with us such as telephone conversations, emails and other correspondence and your instructions to us;
Records of your attendance at any events hosted by us;
Your marketing preferences so that we know whether and how we should contact you;
Images in video and/or photographic form and voice recordings;
Details of county membership;
Records and assessments of any player rankings, grading or ratings, competition results, details regarding events and matches attended and performance
WHERE WE COLLECT YOUR INFORMATION
We typically collect personal information about our visitors when you provisionally make a booking to visit the Club, you complete entry forms for competitions hosted by the Club, when you make a query and /or complaint or when you correspond with us by phone, email or in some other way.
We also may collect personal information about you from any third party references you provide as part of the booking process to visit the Club.
If you are providing us with details of other points of contact for your booking, they have a right to know and to be aware of what personal information we hold about them, how we collect it and how we use it. Please share this privacy notice with those of them whom you feel are sufficiently mature to understand it. They also have the same rights a set out in the ‘Your rights in relation to personal information’ below.
It is important to ensure that the personal information we hold about you is accurate and up-to-date, and you should let us know if anything changes, for example your phone number or email address.
USES MADE OF THE INFORMATION
The table below describes the main purposes for which we process your personal information, the categories of your information and our lawful basis for being able to do this.
Purpose
Personal Information Used
Lawful Basis
To administer any bookings you have with us and managing our relationship with you, including dealing with payments and any support, service or product enquiries made by you.
All contact and booking details, transactions and payment information, records of your interactions with us, and marketing preferences.
This is necessary to enable us to properly manage and administer your visitor’s contact with us.
To arrange and manage any contracts for the provision of any services or products
All contact and booking details, transactions and payment information, records of your interactions with us.
This is necessary to enable us to properly administer and perform any contract for the provision of any services and products you have purchased from us.
To answer your queries or complaints.
Contact details and records of your interactions with us.
We have a legitimate interest to provide complaint handling services to you in case there are any issues with your booking or visit.
Retention of records.
All personal information we collect.
We have a legitimate interest in retaining records whilst they may be required in relation to complaints and claims. We need to retain records in order to properly administer and manage your booking or visit and run our Club and in some cases we may have legal or regulatory obligations to retain records.
The security of our IT systems.
Your usage of our IT systems and online portals.
We have a legitimate interest to ensure that our IT systems are secure.
To conduct data analytics studies to better understand event attendance and trends within the sport.
Records of your attendance at any events or competitions hosted by us.
We have a legitimate interest in doing so to ensure that our membership is targeted and relevant.
For the purposes of promoting the club, our events and visitor packages.
Images in video and/or photographic form.
Where you have given us explicit consent to do so.
For some of your personal information you will have a legal, contractual or other requirement or obligation for you to provide us with your personal information. If you do not provide us with the requested personal information we may not be able to admit you as a visitor or we may not be able to properly perform our contract with you or comply with legal obligations and we may have to cancel any booking(s) you have made with the Club. For other personal information you may not be under an obligation to provide it to us, but if you do not provide it then we may not be able to properly perform our contract with you.
Where you have given us consent to use your personal information in a particular manner, you have the right to withdraw this consent at any time, which you may do by contacting us as described in the ‘Contacting us’ section below.
they may not also apply to personal information recorded and stored by us. However your right to withdraw consent or object to processing for direct marketing are absolute rights.
Please note however that the withdrawal of your consent will not affect any use of the data made before you withdrew your consent and we may still be entitled to hold and process the relevant personal information to the extent that we are entitled to do so on bases other than your consent. Withdrawing consent may also have the same effects as not providing the information in the first place, for example we may no longer be able to provide certain member benefits to you.
DIRECT MARKETING
From time to time we may contact you by email with information about products and services we believe you may be interested in. We will only send marketing messages to you in accordance with the marketing preferences you ser. You can let us know at any time that you do not wish to received marketing messages by contact us or by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the marketing messages sent to you.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We share personal information with the following parties:
To any governing bodies or regional bodies for the sports covered by our Club: to allow them to properly administer the sports on a local, regional and national level.
Other service providers: for example, payment processors and IT services (including BRS Golf, Club Systems)
The Government or our regulators: where we are required to do so by law or to assist with their investigations or initiatives.
Police, law enforcement and security services: to assist with the investigation and prevention of crime and the protection of national security.
HOW LONG DO WE HOLD ON TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We will only hold your personal information for as long as is necessary or where you ask us to delete records we may delete it earlier.
The duration for which we retain your personal information will differ depending on the type of information and the reason why it was collected. However, in some cases personal information may be retained on a long term basis: for example, personal information that we need to retain for legal purposes will normally be retained for at least six years in accordance with usual commercial practice and regulatory requirements. Generally, where there is no legal requirement we retain all physical and electronic records for a period of 6 years after your last contact with us. Exception to this rule are:
Information that may be relevant to personal injury or discrimination claims may be retained until the limitation period for those types of claims has expired. For personal injury or discrimination claims this can be an extended period as the limitation period might not start to run until a long time after the event.
CONTACT
In the event of any query or complaint in connection with the information we hold about you, please email enquiries@middlesbroughgolfclub.co.uk or write to us at Middlesbrough Golf Club, Brass Castle Lane, Marton, Middlesbrough, TS8 9EE.
Whilst this privacy policy sets out a general summary of your legal rights in respect of personal information, this a very complex area of law. More information about your legal rights can be found on the Information Commissioner’s website at https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public/.
Version date: 25 May 2018
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
View Cart
Checkout
Continue Shopping