http://www.annaharveyfarm.ie/privacy-policy
Content
Welcome to the Annaharvey Equestrian Farm website!
There are a few privacy items you should be aware of, and this page outlines them to you.
Primarily, just so you know, this page explains how Annaharvey Equestrian Farm might use any information that is given to us, your website browsing habits, and methods we use to protect your privacy.
Some of this page is also explaining the usage policy that all visitors must know of this website.
First of all, you should know that we are a friendly, knowledgeable and smart bunch of people, and we are committed to protecting your privacy and will not share your information with others without your prior consent.
So, let's read on...
1. The Data Protection Acts of 1988 and 2003
Under the Data Protection Acts of 1988 and 2003, we have a legal duty to protect any information we collect from you. We use technologies and encryption software available to safeguard your data when submitted online, and keep strict security standards online and offline (outside of the website environment) to prevent any unauthorised access to it. We do not pass on your details to any third party or government department unless you give us permission, or we are legally permitted or required by law to do so. If we are required by law, for any reason and with just cause to pass on any information, you will be notified straight away.
Data protection rights apply to information held on computer or in manual or paper files.
2. What information do we collect?
There are several kinds of information from visitors to our website.
Some benign and some are important.
The information largely gathered is done so through feedback and registration details through emails and online forms, and site usage information through a stat counter which is used to help us improve the services we offer and make sure our website is performing at its best.
3. Feedback
We welcome your feedback.
Got something, like a suggestion, bug or quirk that you would like us to know about?
Then please contact us!
4. Comments and questions submitted
If you send us an email or letter asking for information, we may need to contact other bodies for help in fulfilling that information request. Sometimes, these bodies we have to contact, though relevant to the pursuit of information relating to your query, are not connected with Annaharvey Equestrian Farm. Rest assured, we will not pass on any of your personal information when dealing with your enquiry, unless you have given us permission to do so.
Once we have replied to you with the answer to your query, we may keep a record of the question+solution for future reference and audit purposes. However, your own personal details will not be contained in this information, should it be shared again in the future.
5. Email Privacy
We will respect your e-mail privacy.
You will only receive unsolicited correspondence from Annaharvey Equestrian Farm only if you have agreed to this.
If you have ever received and email from us in error, please make sure to let us know so we can ensure it doesn't happen again.
6. Site usage: the use of Cookies
What are 'cookies'?
Cookies are pieces of data (in a file) that are created automatically by the browser and stored on the computer that the website is being viewed on in the cookie directory. Some cookies store a random number on your computer to help count the number of times a user has revisited a website. Others are used to store some of your preferences while you move around the site. The latter are usually deleted when you leave the site. Cookies do not contain any personal information about you, and they cannot be used to identify an individual user.
You can set your browser not to accept cookies but if you do this you should note that some areas of the site may not work properly (though this is extremely rare and is dependent on rare conditions).
7. Log files: the use of a Visitor/Stat Counter
Log files allow the recording of a visitor's use of a website.
We use one on our own site, and install one as a feature on all websites we have ever constructed (to help our customers and Annaharvey Equestrian Farm keep an eye on that website's performance and visitor browsing habits).
We analyse log file information from all our visitors, which we use to make changes to the layout of the site and to the information in it, based on the way that visitors move around it.
Log files do not contain any personal information and they are not used to identify any individual patterns of use of the site.
8 Links to other websites
The Annaharvey Equestrian Farm website will naturally contains links to other websites for various reasons and sources of information.
This privacy policy page that you are reading will only apply to our site.
You should always be aware when you are moving to another site when clicking on a link away from ours that you should be aware of their own privacy statement that collects personal information.
Therefore, Annaharvey Equestrian Farm is under no responsibility whatsoever for the content on sites linked to away from this site.
If you feel that a site link has been done in error, please let us know.
9. Changes to this privacy policy
From time to time as we learn new things, this privacy policy might change.
As it stands, what you have read on this page up to this point is the latest version anyway, so it's all good!
Competition Conditions:
Horse riding is a risk sport.
Participants do hereby acknowledge and accept the following:
That all sports activities have an element of danger and horse riding is no exception.
That Participants may suffer serious personal injury, as well as loss of property as a result of exposing myself/my child to the risks and hazards associated with riding as a sport and I voluntarily assume all of the aforesaid risks and hazards
The Participants acknowledges and accept the attached terms and conditions and in particularly, do hereby agree to abide by all rules and regulations laid down by the organisers, as amended from time to time and, in particular, Participants do hereby agree:
Participants will wear a correctly fitting and secured protective headgear which conforms to current safety standards, suitable riding footwear and clothing at all times while mounted. For cross-country type competitions body protectors are required to start the competition.
Participants will follow all instructions by stewards.
Participants understand clearly that, by accepting the organisers terms I will be precluded from suing or otherwise claiming against the Organisers , Annaharvey Farm, it's proprietors or owners, from any injury, loss or damage whatsoever sustained and howsoever caused including the default of organisers or Annaharvey Farm.
The organisers have the right without giving a reason to refuse admission. Admission can be refused to anyone deemed to be abusive to the organisers, participants or anyone attending the event.
Participant have the required training and experience to participate at the level they are entered in.
The orgainsers are the hunt/club running the event. They are responsible for all aspects of the event including the entries, administration, scoring, results and safety of the attendees of the event.
Participants understand clearly the matters set out above. I also understand that it is not possible for the Organisers/Establishment to exclude or limit its legal liability in the event of an accident resulting in death, injury or loss but that this waiver form may be relevant in the event of any dispute arising between me (or my child) and the Organisers/ Establishment.
By ticking the conditions box I assume the responsibility to covey these term to the members of my team and in the case of children to their parents and family.
Most importantly we wish every on a great day of competition.
Wishing you a pleasant visit,
The Deverell Family
We use cookies to tailor your web browsing experience. By accepting below and continuing to browse our site, you agree to our privacy policy.
Agree