http://www.teamroc.net/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy | TEAM ROC®
(910) 487-8326
Get In Touch
Facebook
googleplus
instagram
youtube
Home
Programs
Kids Martial Arts
Jiu Jitsu
Mixed Martial Arts
History
Reviews
SOCP®
Instructors
News
Schedule
Videos
Locations
Contact Us
Privacy Policy TEAM ROC®
Information Collected
TEAM ROC®
may collect information, such as your e-mail address, name and phone number.
Information about your computer hardware and software also may be automatically collected. This information can include your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used by TEAM ROC® for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of our website.
Use Of Your Information
We collect and use your personal information to operate our website and deliver the services you have requested. We will send one welcome email following registration to all registered patrons. We also send periodical service updates to users.
We do not sell, rent, or lease our customer lists to third parties.
Contact Information
TEAM ROC® welcomes your comments. If you would like to stop receiving messages from us, please contact us at teamroc.fayett@gmail.com.
Request More Information
Programs
Kids Martial Arts
Jiu Jitsu
Mixed Martial Arts
Request more information
Facebook
Blog
Royce Gracie Seminar
Royce Gracie will be at TEAM ROC August 19,2019 from 5:30 - 7:30 pm. This is a "White GI " event. You can reserve you spot by stopping in at the front office and speaking with Alicia, PLEASE CASH ...
KIDS BJJ SCHEDULE CHANGE
Dear Team ROC parents,
This is to inform you that beginning on June 17, 2019 the kids Brazilian Jiu Jitsu class schedule will be changing.
The classes will no longer be separated for beginner and ...
TEAM ROC®
226 Meed Court,
Fayetteville,
North Carolina 28303
(910) 487-8326
teamroc.fayett@gmail.com
Copyright © 2020 -
Martial Arts
Websites Developed by 97Display Websites
/ Privacy Policy
Timothy H.
I showed up unannounced while already going through a fight camp in my hometown. I explained to all the coaches what my situation was and how long I would be attending. They excepted me with open arms and made me feel like I was part of their team.
Patrick M.
Awesome place to train. I started off completely new to it all, after maybe 3 weeks I had a basic understanding of guards and mounts, and fell in love.
Anna F.
My son is one of the few kids in the adult class. He's a big boy, and new at all this. The instructors are not only patient and supportive, but all the people in the class push him, teach him, critique him and challenge him. My son and I love this place!
Request Information Now!