http://www.cvusc.org/website/privacy-policy
Registration
Club
Club
Field Status & Locations
About Us
About Us
History
Club Policies
Annual General Meeting (AGM)
Club Initiatives
Volunteer Info
Contact / Office Hours
Contact
Executive Board Members
Division Manager Contacts
Clubhouse Bookings
News & Events
News
Events
eNewsletters
Soccer Links
Careers
Club Forms
Club Sponsorship
Players
Youth Registration
Adult (Men & Women)
Player Development
Player & Club Pathway
Wellness to World Cup (LTPD)
Player Resources
Parent Information
Health & Safety
FAQ
Programs
House Soccer
Pre Season Soccer Camp
Youth Select Soccer
Return to Play:
Phase One
Coaches
Coaches
Development Stream Resources
Coaching Clinics
Coaching Development
BC Soccer Certification Pathway
Coaching Resources
Coaching Drills, Plans & Links
Player Health & Safety
CRC info
CVUSC Coaches Gear
Coaching Application
FAQ's
Referees
Referees
Referee Development
Referee Pathway
Referee Rules & Regulations
Referee Clinics
Referee Evaluation Form
FAQ's
Youth House Schedules
Weekend Schedules
Development Stream
Field Status / Locations
Privacy Policy
Registration
Privacy Policy
The CVUSC takes seriously the privacy of those that visit our web site. We have established this Privacy Policy to communicate what information we collect and how that information is used and safeguarded. By accessing this website (www.cvusc.org) you acknowledge the terms and conditions expressed herein. We reserve the right to change this policy at our sole discretion and without notice.
What information is collected, and why?
When a user visits our website, we collect information about the visit that does not identify the user personally. We track information such as the domain from which the user is visiting and the user's browser type. We also collect specific information regarding the user's session on our website. This includes items such as the date and time of the visit and the pages viewed.Sometimes we ask a user to voluntarily provide personally identifiable information (PII). This information generally includes, but is not limited to, name, e-mail address, postal address, and telephone number. We request this information when the user requests one of the following:
To register to attend an on-line seminar, course, event, training session or demonstration
To correspond with us
Or any other such activity that we deem necessary
CVUSC does not collect any personally identifiable financial or health-related information. We do not intentionally collect information from children under the age of 13.
How is the information used?
Non-personally identifiable information (non-PII) is collected to allow us to analyze how our website is used and to improve the content and service the website provides. Personally identifiable information is collected for analysis to improve the content of the website and the services we provide the user. CVUSC owns the collected information and will not sell, trade, or rent the information to others. We may use the information to continue contact with the user. This may include contact such as follow-up calls, e-mail correspondence, or mail correspondence to follow-up on the contact or to provide marketing information about promotions, new services, or important website changes. CVUSC may share this information with its business partners for the specific purpose of a promotion or service offering.
Are "Cookies" used on the website?
"Cookies" are small pieces of information that are placed on a web user's hard drive. We may use cookies to provide you with better service. Cookies are pieces of information that a Web site transfers to your computer's hard disk for record-keeping purposes. Cookies can make the Web more useful by storing information about your preferences for a particular site. The use of cookies is an industry standard, and many major Web sites use them to provide useful features for their customers. Cookies in and of themselves do not personally identify users, although they do identify a user's computer. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If you prefer, you can set your browser to refuse cookies. However, you may not be able to take full advantage of the functionality of the CVUSC site if you do so.
How is personally identifiable information safeguarded?
CVUSC utilizes industry standard methods and mechanisms such as firewalls, intrusion monitoring, and passwords to protect electronic information. Multiple physical security methods such as locking devices and 24 hour premise monitoring are also employed. Finally, access to PII is limited to a small number of personnel and on a need-to-know basis.
Links to other web sites
CVUSC web site may contain links to other internet web sites. CVUSC neither controls nor endorses external sites and is not responsible for the content of such sites. This policy does not cover the privacy policies and data collection practices of non-CVUSC web sites.
How to opt out of correspondence
Based on the information a user has provided, CVUSC. may send e-mail correspondence to the user. Each correspondence will contain an easy means to opt out of further correspondence.
Contact Us
If you need to contact us relating to this Privacy Policy, or any other Club-Related matter, please vist our Contact Page for all of our contact details.
Top