http://www.warringtonwolves.org/privacy-policy-cookie
Privacy Policy & Cookies
Home
Privacy Policy & Cookies
Collection of personal information
When you first register at shop.warringtonwolves.org we will request certain information. We ask for limited information from our subscribers to enable us to send our 100% opt in Newsletter. You may opt out of this subscription at any time by clicking on the Unsusbscribe option.
The information that you provide is kept by us and is not passed to any other party.
When you place an order with shop.warringtonwolves.org we request additional information that allows us to deliver goods to you and ensure that we are servicing you in an appropriate way. Your postal address and telephone number will be used only in connection with specific orders that you place and will not be used for unsolicited marketing.
Other information relating to you such as orders are stored by shop.warringtonwolves.org in order to improve your shopping experience with us. This information is used by us to facilitate the processing of orders only.
Our website uses cookies. However, we do not keep any of your personal details in cookies. We simply store your Customer ID (just a number) in cookie format. This Customer ID does not correlate to any of your personal information. We also store your first name in cookie format to personalise certain pages. This cookie is only present if you have not registered as a member of our site. If you are a member, then the only cookie that we use is the Customer ID cookie.
If you have any specific questions about the way we handle your personal information, please send an e-mail to shopadmin@warringtonwolves.com stating the word 'Privacy' in the subject title.
Information on the Data Protection Act (can also be found at https://ico.org.uk)
When facilitating purchases on the Internet, Warrington wolves online store gathers the minimum information required for a credit card transaction. This information is only ever passed on to the club. It is not passed on to other parties; ever. Our secure server software (SSL) is the industry standard and among the best software available today for secure transactions. Our SSL server encrypts all of your personal information including credit card details.
Our Website Cookies Policy
A cookie is a small file of text which we transfer to your hard drive through your web browser, as with most websites, when you visit our website and use certain pages or features on the site, especially when placing an order. It enables our own system to recognise you when you visit our website again and improve our service to you. This information can be used to enhance the content of our website and make your use of it easier. For more information about cookies please visit https://www.allaboutcookies.org
Cookies
When we provide services, we want to make them easy, useful and reliable. Where services are delivered on the internet, this sometimes involves placing small amounts of information on your device, for example, computer or mobile phone. These include small files known as cookies. They cannot be used to identify you personally.
These pieces of information are used to improve services for you through, for example:
- enabling a service to recognise your device so you don't have to give the same information several times during one task
- recognising that you may already have given a username and password so you don't need to do it for every web page requested
- measuring how many people are using services, so they can be made easier to use and there's enough capacity to ensure they are fast
You can manage these small files yourself and learn more about them through Internet browser cookies - what they are and how to manage them.
Our use of cookies
When we provide services, we want to make them easy, useful and reliable. Where services are delivered on the internet, this sometimes involves placing small amounts of information on your device, for example, your computer or mobile phone. These include small files known as cookies. They cannot be used to identify you personally.
These pieces of information are used to improve services for you through, for example:
- recognising that you may already have given a username and password so you don't need to do it for every web page requested
- measuring how many people are using services, so they can be made easier to use and there's enough capacity to ensure they are fast
- analysing anonymised data to help us understand how people interact with govt services so we can make them better
You can manage these small files and learn more about them from the article, Internet Browser cookies- what they are and how to manage them.
Learn how to remove cookies set on your device.
There are two types of cookie you may encounter when using Warrington Wolves :
First party cookies: these are our own cookies, controlled by us and used to provide information about the usage of our site.
Third party cookies: these are cookies found in other companies' internet tools which we are using to enhance our site, for example, Facebook or Twitter have their own cookies, which are controlled by them.
Changes to this privacy policy
If this privacy policy changes in any way, we will place an updated version on this page. Regularly reviewing this page ensures that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances if any, we will share it with other parties.
You can use the settings of your browser to block, or delete cookies as you wish. Do please note that blocking cookies may slow down your experience on our website, or cause issues with placing an order, as cookies are often required to help with a smooth checkout process!
If you have any questions about our cookies policy or feedback please contact us on 01925 248 880 or via our contact us page link at the top of the page.