https://www.ovalbangerchat.co.uk/privacy/
Jump to content
Community Home
All Activity
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how we use and protect any information that you provide, whilst using our
forum. We are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected.
Any information provided by you to us, by which you can be identified, will only be used in accordance
with this privacy policy.
User Registration
In order to comment on our forum, users need to register an account. The data will be stored on the web
server. We only collect as little information as necessary. The only personal data required is a correct and
permanently used email address. The address is necessary to verify the account and to regain access once
a user looses the password associated with the account. In addition, users are requested to add more
personal information, e.g. their real name, interests, gender, location and title. This can be changed or
removed at any time once registered by accessing your account settings.
What information we collect
When using our forum, we require some of the following information:
Email address
Internet Protocol (IP) address
Geographical location
User Device information
Browser Information
Donation History (amount, user and date only)
Length of visit, page views, website navigation and any other related browsing activity
What we do with the information we collect
The information you provide to us is required for, but not limited to, the following reasons:
Internal record keeping
Access to our forum
Account management
Sending notices of relevant communications
To identify hacking attempts and similar issues
Access Logs and backups
The hosting provider logs any page view activity of users containing information like time, IP adddress,
the page being viewed, http status codes, referrer and user agent. This data is necessary to guarantee
that the service is running as expected and identify problems. The IP addresses in the access logs are
stored anonymously and  are removed completely after 30 days.
Error logs are removed after 30 days.  Backups are rotated every 7 days.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that any information you provide to us is secure. To prevent unauthorised
access or disclosure, we have put in place safeguards to secure the information we collect.
How we use cookies and IP addresses
We use small text files, called cookies, to store information in your web browser. The information stored
may include preferences, session identification, HTTP information, and IP address.
You can set your browser to not receive cookies, but this may degrade your ability to use our website.
The Cookies we use are as follows:
Session Cookies – we use these when you enter our forum and they remain in place whilst you are using
our forum. A session cookie is stored in temporary memory and is not normally retained after the browser
is closed. Session cookies do not collect information from a user’s computer.
User Cookies – these remember your choices when using our forum such as login details, what you have
viewed and other actions that you perform whilst visiting our forum. These cookies are retained after you
close your web browser.
Third Party Cookies – generally these are cookies deposited by other websites which may or may not be
affiliated with our forum.
These may be tracking, or analytical cookies related to: YouTube videos that you post or view and other
media types for videos or audio. IP addresses of computers used to visit our forum are stored in our
database. This includes when first registering for an account, managing your account details, writing a
private or public message or performing any other transaction which results in data being transferred to
or from your computer and the website in question. Your IP address is not visible to the public at any
time.
Links to other websites
Our forum may contain links to other websites. These websites may or may not be affiliated with our
website. We have no control over any external websites therefore clicking any link which results in you
visiting an external website will result in this privacy policy no longer applying and we cannot be held
responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites.
Third Party Advertisers
We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the forum. Please note that
these companies may use information about your visit to the website in order to provide advertisements
about goods and services that may be of interest to you. In the course of serving advertisements to this
forum, these companies may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser. If you would like more
information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these
companies, please visit http://networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp
Children’s Information
We are committed to protecting the privacy needs of children and we encourage parents and guardians to
take an active role in their children’s online activities. We do not target the forum to children less than 13
years of age or knowingly collect information from children under 13 years old.
Controlling your personal information
When using our forum, you may choose to limit public viewing of applicable personal information through
the settings located in your personal account. We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal
information to third parties unless we have your explicit permission or are required by law to do so. You
may request a copy of any information that we hold on you that could potential identify you as an
individual. You may also request that we delete all information that we hold on you should you wish to
close your account and no longer be a member of our forum. If you discover any of the information that
we hold for you is incorrect or incomplete, that you are unable to change yourself, please contact us as
soon as possible so the necessary changes can be made. A contact link is available at the bottom of every
page on this forum and you can also Personal Message an administrator using the forums internal
messaging system.
Opt Out
Administrator emails and forum system notifications can be opt in or opt out by adjusting your settings in
your account.
Third Party
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data
collected to track and examine the use of this website, to prepare reports on its activities and share them
with other Google services.
Privacy Policy
Spam Defense
The IPS Spam Defense Service passes the email address and IP address of the registering member to the
service to determine the likelihood a registering account is a spam source.
Privacy Policy
reCAPTCHA V2
This site uses a CAPTCHA to ensure humans are performing certain actions. The CAPTCHA provider may
set a session cookie and get information about your internet browser and device accessing this website.
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
If you have any questions, comments, contact us using the contact us link at the bottom of the forum or
contact a forum admin.
Changes
This policy is effective from 10th August 2018 and replaces with immediate effect the Privacy Policy
published on 18thMay 2018. We may, from time to time, make changes to this Privacy Policy to reflect
any changes to our privacy practices in accordance with changes to legislation, best practice or forum
enhancements. We will let you know what these changes are by posting them to this page. Where the
changes are significant, we may also choose to get your consent to make these changes where required
by law. It is your responsibility as a user to make sure that you are aware of changes posted on this page,
by checking for any changes on a regular basis. Changes posted on this page will become effective as
soon as they are posted.
Effective as of: 10th August 2018
Registration Terms and Guidelines
Terms of Use
Guidelines
All Activity
Home
Privacy Policy
×
Existing user? Sign In
Sign Up
Forums
Activity
Back
×
Create New...
Important Information
We have placed cookies on your device to help make this website better. You can adjust your cookie settings, otherwise we'll assume you're okay to continue.
I accept
Forums
Sign In
Register
More
Change theme