https://www.clearstaichi.com/docs/privacy-policy.html
Richard Clear
ALL WEBSITES AND
ANY AND ALL INFORMATION OWNED BY RICHARD CLEAR
PRIVACY POLICY
For The Purposes Of This Document The
Term: 'RICHARD CLEAR' Refers To And Includes All Of The Following Listed
Here:
Richard E. Clear Jr.
Clear's Silat Inc.
Clear's Silat & Street Kung Fu LLC
Clear Community Health Institute 501
(c) (3)
Iron Dragon, Inc
DBA's:
Clear's Silat
Clear's Tai Chi
Maryville Tai Chi
Self Defense Solutions
Executive Transformations
Street Kung Fu
Maryville Tai Chi
Maryville Tae Kwon Do
End Of List: 'RICHARD CLEAR' Refers To...
For The Purposes Of This Document The
Terms: 'WEBSITE' AND 'WEBSITES' Refers To And Includes All Of The Following
Websites AND Any And All Memberships On Said Websites Listed
Here: clearsilat.com, clearstaichi.com, members.clearstaichi.com,
clearmartialarts.com, streetkungfu.com, maryvilletkd.com, maryvilletaichi.com,
silatdvd.com, knoxvilletaichi.net, www.breathhealing.com,
chienergyactivation.com
End Of List: 'WEBSITE' AND 'WEBSITES'
For The Purposes Of This Document The Term: 'INFORMATION' Refers To All
Of The Following: Information Including But Not Limited To Instruction,
Techniques, Practices And Principles And Also Includes But Is Not Limited To
What Are Ordinarily Understood As Martial Arts Techniques And Methods, Street
Fighting Techniques And Methods, Any And All Martial Arts, For Example Tai Chi,
And Maneuver Warfare Military Theory And Practice And It Is Understood That Some
Or All Of The Preceding In This List Are Lethal And Designed To Kill. 'Information'
Also Includes Any And All Content On Any Sales Page Or Landing Page Promoting Or
Mentioning Anything At All Regarding Any Type Of Specific Event. 'Information'
Also Includes Any Correspondence Or Any Type Of Communication With Richard Clear
Or Any Individual Associated With Richard Clear Or Contributing In Any Way,
Shape Or Form To Anything Owned By Richard Clear.
'Information' Can Be
Of Any Type And Presented In Any Way Shape Or Form Including But Not Limited To
Text, Videos, Images, Etc., AND Includes Any Type Of 'PRODUCT' Either
Purchased Or Given To Anyone By Any Means Including But Not Limited To A Free
Download, A Physical Product Or Online Access To A Membership Given Freely To A
'User' By 'Richard Clear' Or As A Result Of Signing Up As A Subscriber To A
Mailing List, Etc.
IMPORTANT: PLEASE READ
LAST UPDATED: 01/01/2014
IMPORTANT:
This Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) describes the commitment to your privacy
on the part of Richard Clear and any individual associated in any way, shape
or form with Richard Clear or any individual contributing to any information or
any website or in any membership or product and
FOR THE PURPOSES OF THIS DOCUMENT: All The Preceding In This Paragraph
Will Be Included With The List Of Business Entities Above And All Referred To
Collectively From Now On As 'Richard Clear'
PERSONS OR PARTIES COVERED
This Privacy Policy applies to all visitors, buyers, user to any Richard Clear owned
information, website or membership, all subscribers to Richard Clear sponsored
lists and/or newsletters (whether paid or unpaid), all members and/or affiliates
of memberships or membership sites sponsored by or owned by Richard Clear (whether
paid or unpaid), and any Information (whether paid or unpaid), all affiliates of any site sponsored or owned by
Richard Clear
(whether paid or unpaid), and all customers that purchase products and/or
services via the Website or otherwise from Richard Clear. Persons who visit or
view the Website, buy, purchase or use any Information or membership, whether intentionally or unintentionally, whether solicited or
unsolicited, are referred to herein as "Visitors" and are subject to this
Privacy Policy.
Subscribers to Richard Clear sponsored lists and/or newsletters are referred to
herein as "Subscribers" and are subject to the Privacy Policy. Persons who join
an organization or marketing endeavor (e.g. "affiliates") promoted by and
through the Website, or otherwise by Richard Clear are referred to herein as
"Members" and are subject to this Privacy Policy. Individuals that order,
attempt to order or receive products and/or services that are sold, advertised
on or delivered from the Website, or otherwise in any way shape or from by
Richard Clear, even at no cost,
are referred to herein as "Customers" and are subject to this Privacy Policy.
Richard Clear does not knowingly collect personal subject matter and details
from individuals under
eighteen (18) years of age, or persons who are otherwise covered by the
provisions of the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998, as amended
(“COPPA”). No correspondence of any type should be submitted to, or posted at, the Website
or any membership or added to any information by
individuals under eighteen (18) years of age. Richard Clear encourages parents and
guardians to spend time online with their children and to participate and
monitor the interactive activities of their children.
VIEWING, USE AND/OR COMMUNICATION IS CONSTRUED AS ACCEPTANCE OF THE TERMS OF
THIS PRIVACY POLICY
Acceptance of the terms of this Privacy Policy is a portion of the consideration
required for your right to visit the Website, any membership or view in any way
shape or form any and all Information. If you do not accept the terms of
this Privacy Policy in their entirety, you have no right to visit the Website,
use any Information or become a member of any membership.
ABOUT THE PERSONAL SUBJECT MATTER AND DETAILS Richard Clear COLLECTS AND HOW IT IS USED
Richard Clear routinely collects personal subject matter and details about Visitors, Subscribers, Members
and Customers. This personal subject matter and details are obtained in various ways, such as:
VISITOR, SUBSCRIBER, MEMBER OR CUSTOMER PERSONAL SUBJECT MATTER AND DETAILS OBTAINED FROM
REGISTRATION
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “Registration” means that the Visitor,
Subscriber, Member or Customer, as applicable, takes active, positive steps to
communicate or correspond on any subject matter with Richard Clear. This can include, without limitation,
where the individual: (a) registers for a newsletter or subscribe to a mailing
list; (b) participates in Visitor surveys; (c) participates in promotions,
contests and/or sweepstakes offered by Richard Clear; (d) requests Information
from Richard Clear via an online form, email, mail or courier; (e) joins, or
attempts to join, an affiliate program or other membership organization
sponsored by Richard Clear; and/or (f) orders a product through the Website or
receives in any way shape or form any Information of any type or otherwise from
Richard Clear.
The personal subject matter and details that you must supply in connection with Registration (as further
described below) may include, without limitation, some or all of the following:
(i) your full name; (ii) company name; (iii) e-mail address; (iv) mailing
address (and billing address if different); (v) home telephone number; (vi) work
telephone number; (vii) telecopier number; (viii) credit card information;
and/or (ix) any other personal subject matter and details requested on the applicable Registration form.
VISITOR EMAIL INQUIRIES
Website Visitors that wish to communicate with Richard Clear do so under the
following conditions: (a) they give their permission to be contacted by Richard
Clear; and (b) they are subject to any ‘submission’ provisions contained in the
Richard Clear Terms of Use, LINK LINK LINK Richard Clear Purchase Agreement or
Any Agreement of Any Type with regards to Richard Clear and/or
this Privacy Policy. The email address that you use in connection with your
inquiry shall be added to the Richard Clear database.
CUSTOMER EMAIL OR TESTIMONIALS
If you are a Customer and you send an email to Richard Clear, or if you
communicate or correspond with Richard Clear by phone or U.S. mail or in any
way, shape or form, Richard Clear shall collect
personal subject matter and details about your communication or correspondence and by communicating
or corresponding with Richard Clear, you
give your permission for Richard Clear to collect, archive, retrieve and otherwise
use any personal subject matter and details collected as Richard Clear sees fit.
Any communication or correspondence which, in his sole discretion, Richard Clear deems to be a
testimonial, may be publicized for commercial purposes.
PERSONAL SUBJECT MATTER AND DETAILS OBTAINED FROM VOLUNTARY VISITOR, SUBSCRIBER, MEMBER OR CUSTOMER
SURVEYS
Unless otherwise specified in the survey, you must assume that any personal
subject matter and details
provided to Richard Clear as part of a survey in which you participate may be used
as set forth herein below.
SUBJECT MATTER AND DETAILS OBTAINED FROM ELECTRONIC MEANS AND COOKIES
Richard Clear may collect certain non-personally identifiable subject matter and
details about you when you
visit many of the sections of the Website. This non-personally identifiable
subject matter and details includes, without limitation, the type of browser that you use
(e.g., Netscape, Internet Explorer), your IP address, the type of operating
system that you use (e.g., Windows or Mac OS) and the domain name of your
Internet service provider (e.g., America Online, Earthlink). Richard Clear uses the
non-personally identifiable subject matter and details that Richard Clear collects to improve the design and
content of the Website and any and all information to enable Richard Clear to personalize your Internet experience.
Richard Clear also may use this non-personally identifiable subject matter and
details in the aggregate to analyze Website usage, as
well as to offer you products and services. Richard Clear also reserves the right to use
aggregate or group data about our Visitors for any and all lawful purposes.
Aggregate or group data is data that describes the demographics, usage and/or
characteristics of our visitors as a group.
"Cookies" is web jargon for bits of computer code placed on your hard drive. The
Website uses cookies to keep you 'logged in,' to keep track of search criteria,
to monitor use, to password protect use of the Website and/or to track use of
products and/or services sold by and through the Website. Even in the case where
a Visitor rejects a cookie, they may still use Richard Clear's 'Website.' The only drawback to
this is that the Visitor may be limited in what he/she can access in some areas
on Richard Clear's 'Website.' Cookies can also be used to obtain non-personally
identifiable subject matter and details about your
computer configuration or your use of your computer. To find out more about
cookies, including how to disable and/or remove cookies, please visit www.cookiecentral.com.
HOW YOUR SUBJECT MATTER AND DETAILS MAY BE USED
The non-personally identifiable subject matter and details that you submit to
Richard Clear remains your property, but by
submitting such non-personally identifiable subject matter and details to
Richard Clear you grant Richard Clear the right, subject to applicable
state and federal law, to use the personal subject matter and details (other than credit card
information) for marketing purposes. Richard Clear may also use your
non-personally identifiable subject matter and details
for any promotion-related purpose, and/or marketing and survey purpose, on
Richard Clear's
own behalf and on behalf of Richard Clear affiliates and subsidiaries.
You agree that Richard Clear may contact you at any time with updates and/or any other
Information that Richard Clear may deem appropriate for you to receive in connection with
your continued use of the Website and any and all Information and any and all offerings
or Services made available
therein, or otherwise by Richard Clear. You agree that by submitting your
personal subject matter and details to Richard Clear, you agree to receive e-mail
communication and correspondence from Richard Clear.
Richard Clear may also use contact subject matter and details from your personal
subject matter and details to send you any type of Information, including but
not limited to being about Richard Clear, Richard Clear Information, products and services
or 'Websites' and to contact you about your
billing account status.
Richard Clear reserves the right to release current or past personal subject
matter and details:
(a) in the event that he believes that the Website, and any products, services
or other offerings is/are being or has/have been used in violation of this
Privacy Policy, the Richard Clear
Terms Of Use and the Richard Clear Disclaimer:
CLICK HERE FOR TERMS OF
USE, The Richard Clear Membership Registration / Payment
Form Purchase Agreement, or to commit unlawful acts; (b) if the personal subject
matter and details is subjected to a subpoena; or (c) if any entity comprising
Richard Clear is sold or acquired.
Moreover, you hereby consent to the disclosure of any record or communication or
correspondence to
any third-party when Richard Clear, in his sole discretion, determines the
disclosure to be appropriate including, without limitation, sharing your e-mail
address with other third-parties for suppression purposes in compliance with the
CAN-SPAM Act of 2003, as amended from time to time. Visitors should also be
aware that courts of equity, such as U.S. Bankruptcy Courts, might have the
authority under certain circumstances to permit personally identifiable
subject matter and details to be shared or transferred to third parties without permission.
Richard Clear may also supplement the non-personally identifiable subject matter
and details Richard Clear collects with non-personally identifiable subject
matter and details from other
sources to assist Richard Clear in evaluating and improving the Website,
Information, and any products and/or
services, and to determine your preferences so that Richard Clear can tailor the Website,
Information, and any products and/or services to your needs.
If you wish to stop receiving future communications and correspondence from
Richard Clear please see
the 'Opt-Out/Unsubscribe' section below.
CREDIT CARD INFORMATION
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Richard Clear will not use your credit card
details for
any marketing purposes, or transfer same to any third party, other than as set
forth in this paragraph. Richard Clear may disclose your credit card details
pursuant to a court order, litigation and/or fraud investigation.
OPT-OUT/UNSUBSCRIBE
When you submit personally identifiable subject matter and details to Richard
Clear at the
Website, regarding in connection to in any way, shape or form Information, you have opted-in to receive communications
and correspondence from Richard Clear.
To stop receiving future e-mail communications and correspondence from Richard
Clear, please notify
Richard Clear by the online contact form:
To Contact
Richard Clear Click Here
If e-mail recipients wish to end their e-mail subscription from the mailing
list, they may also follow the instructions at the end of each e-mail message to
unsubscribe from that mailing list.
DATA SECURITY
All collected personally identifiable subject matter and details is stored in a technically and physically secure
environment. Richard Clear does everything in his power to protect sensitive and
personally identifiable subject matter and details off-line. Unfortunately, no data
transmission over the Internet, or otherwise, can be guaranteed to be 100%
secure. As a result, while Richard Clear strives to protect your sensitive and
personally identifiable subject matter and details, Richard Clear cannot ensure or warrant the
security of any personally identifiable subject matter and details that you transmit to him, and you do so at your own
risk.
Once Richard Clear receives your transmission, Richard Clear makes reasonable efforts to
ensure its security on his systems. Access to this personally identifiable
subject matter and details is
strictly limited, and not accessible to the public. All of the users’ personally
identifiable subject matter and details is restricted to Richard Clear and his
personal staff. Only staff members who need the personally identifiable subject
matter and details to perform a specific job are
granted access to such. Richard Clear's staff members are dedicated to ensuring
the security and privacy of all any and all individuals that have any type of
transmission regarding their personal subject matter and details. Staff members
not adhering to Richard Clear's
written firm policies are subject to immediate and extremely harsh disciplinary action,
including termination and subject to an investigation to find if any law under
any possible jurisdiction has been violated by said staff members actions which
may have threatened Richard Clear's business and Richard Clear's reputation. And
if Richard Clear has the slightest indication, subject to his sole, microscopic
inspection and discretion, that any laws have been broken Richard Clear will
also notify the proper law enforcement entities and provide them will all of the
personally identifiable subject matter and details he has available regarding
the 'non-adhering' suspected staff member. In compliance with
applicable federal and state laws, Richard Clear shall notify you and any
applicable regulatory agencies in the event that Richard Clear learns of a security breach
regarding your and with respect to your personal subject matter and details. You will
be notified via e-mail in the event of such a breach. Please be advised that
notice may be delayed in order to address the needs of law enforcement,
determine the scope of network damage, and to engage in remedial measures.
TO CONTACT RICHARD CLEAR
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, or would like more
information on the privacy practices of Richard Clear, you can contact Richard
Clear using the online contact form located here:
To Contact
Richard Clear Click Here
Or you may contact Richard Clear At:
National Headquarters
Richard Clear
3932 Morganton Rd
Maryville, TN 37801
REVISIONS TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY WITHOUT NOTICE
Richard Clear reserves the right, in his sole discretion, to change, modify, add
and/or remove portions of this Privacy Policy at any time. All Privacy Policy
changes will take effect immediately upon their posting on any Website. Please
check the Website periodically for any changes. Your continued use of the
Website and/or any Information and/or acceptance of any e-mail communications from
Richard Clear
following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy will constitute your
acceptance of any and all changes.
CLICK HERE FOR TERMS OF USE
/
CLICK HERE FOR
WEBSITE AND INFORMATION DISCLAIMER