http://www.womensminimarathon.ie/privacy-policy
0
Vhi Women’s Mini Marathon Privacy Policy.
Privacy statementWomen’s Mini Marathon Ltd. (the Event) respects your right to privacy and this statement sets out the Event’s policy towards safeguarding information which you disclose to us.  Any personal information which you volunteer to the Event will be treated with the highest standards of security and confidentiality, strictly in accordance with applicable data protection rules, including the General Data Protection Regulation.In any case, where the Event asks you for personal information, such as your name and address, from which you can be identified on an individual basis, we will only do this where we require that information for specific purposes, for example registration.  In every case, we will let you know what we intend doing with that information before collecting it.  Types of information we collectWe collect information, which includes personal data, about our event participants, stakeholders , and members of the public with whom we interact (collectively “individuals”) for the purposes of and in connection with the Event’s dealings with those individuals and / or relevant stakeholder’s.  You may be such an individual.Personal data means any information which the Event has or obtains, or which you provide to the Event, and specifically your name, address, email address, phone number(s), date of birth, gender from which you can be directly or indirectly personally identified. We may also collect certain statistical and other analytical information collected on an aggregate basis relating to all visitors to our Website.  This non-personal data comprises information that cannot be used to identify or contact you, such as demographic information regarding browser types, mobile device equipment, mobile network and other anonymous statistical data involving the use of the Website. We collect this information to help us monitor traffic and enhance your experience of the Website.  How we obtain your personal dataWe will obtain some of your personal data directly from you where we interact directly with you in the course of our business.  We may also obtain personal data directly from you through the website, such as (i) when you make an enquiry about our event (ii) when you sign up to our mailing list, or (iii) when you register as an event participant with the Event.Our cookie notice also sets out details of the targeting or advertising cookies, which will collect and use your personal data, these are used by or via our website.
Use of personal dataThe Event will use the personal data where necessary:For the purposes of performing our contract with you, or in anticipation of you becoming a participant of the Event, namely:for the purpose of providing services to you and other related customer services, as the case may be;for the collection of entry and additional purchase fees;to deal with your queries or complaints;Where we have a legitimate interest in using it, including:for the purposes of managing our contracts and relationships with our participants and stakeholder’s in accordance with the Event’s Terms & Conditions;for day to day operational and business purposes;in the event of a merger, reorganisation or disposal of, or a proposed merger, reorganisation or disposal of all or any part of our business;to take advice from our external legal and other advisers; For compliance with our legal obligations, including;for the processing of complaints in accordance with the Event’s Terms & Conditions;tax and regulatory reporting obligations;Where we are ordered to disclose information by a court with appropriate jurisdiction;Where use or sharing is for a legitimate interest of a third
party to which we provide the personal data, including for day to day operational and business purposes;Where necessary to establish, exercise or defend legal rights or for the purpose of legal proceedings;If we need and you have given your consent to use of your personal data for a particular purpose.  Where we have your permission, the Event may direct information relating to topics, goods or services to you which we feel will be of interest to you.  If you subsequently decide that you no longer wish to receive such information, you can manage this through your preference centre.We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purposes and applicable laws.  If we need to use your personal data for a purpose unrelated to the original purpose for which we collected it, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.Disclosures of personal dataWe will not disclose any personal data to any third party, except as outlined above and / or as follows:to enable us to carry out the obligations under and enforce our
contracts with our participants and stakeholders;to anyone providing a service to us or acting as our agent, as data processors, for the purposes of providing services to us and on the understanding that they will keep the Personal Data confidential;where we need to share personal data with our auditors, and legal and other advisers;in the event of a merger or proposed merger, any (or any proposed) transferee of, or successor in title to, the whole or any part
of our business, and their respective officers, employees, agents and advisers, to the extent necessary to give effect to such transaction;if the disclosure is required by law or regulation, or court or
administrative order having force of law, or is required to be made to any of our regulators.International transfersPersonal Data may be transferred outside Ireland in connection with the uses described above and / or as otherwise required or permitted by law. Many of the countries will be within the European Economic Area (the “EEA”), or will be ones which the European Commission has approved, and will have data protection laws which are the same as or broadly equivalent to those in the European Union.  However, some transfers may be to countries which do not have equivalent protections, and in that case we shall use reasonable efforts to implement contractual protections for the Personal Data.  While this may not always be possible, any transfers will be done in accordance with applicable data protection laws, including through the implementation of appropriate or suitable safeguards in accordance with such applicable data protection laws. For the avoidance of doubt, safeguards in the form of EU Commission approved standard contractual clauses will be implemented for transfers to service providers outside the EEA.  Further information in relation to international data transfers can be obtained by contacting us at the address specified below.Third party personal dataWhere you provide us with personal data relating to other people, you represent and warrant that you will only do so in accordance with applicable data protection laws.  You will ensure that before doing so, the individuals in question are made aware of the fact that we will hold information relating to them and that we may use it for any of the purposes set out in this statement, and where necessary you will obtain their consent to our use of their information.  We may, where required under applicable law, notify those individuals that you have provided their details to us.Third party providers of informationWe may obtain personal data relating to you indirectly in connection with the Event.  The person providing the information will in the ordinary course be asked to warrant that they will only do so in accordance with applicable data protection laws, and that they will ensure that before doing so, you are made aware of the fact that we will hold information relating to you and that we may use it for any of the purposes set out in this statement. Recipients of the personal dataIn any case where we share personal data with a third party data controller, the use by that third party of the personal data will be subject to the third party’s own privacy policies.  Updates to personal dataWe will use reasonable efforts to keep personal data up to date.  However, you will need to notify us without delay in the event of any change so that we can keep the personal data up to date.Retention of personal dataWe are obliged to retain certain information to ensure accuracy, to help maintain quality of service, for legal and regulatory purposes, and for legitimate business purposes. Information will be retained for no longer than is necessary for the purpose for which it was obtained by us, or as required or permitted for legal and for legitimate business purposes.  In general, we (or our service providers on our behalf) will hold this information for a period of two years after you cease to interact with us, unless we are obliged to hold it for a longer period under law or applicable regulations. In certain circumstances, where required by law or applicable regulations or where the Event deems it necessary for our legitimate business, we may hold the data for a longer or shorter period. Your rights in relation to your personal dataYou may at any time request a copy of your personal data from us.  This right can be exercised by writing to us at the address specified below.You also have the right to correct any inaccuracies in, and in certain circumstances, to request erasure, or restriction on the use, of your personal data, and to object to certain uses of your Personal Data, in each case subject to the restrictions set out in applicable data protection laws.  Further information on these rights, the circumstances in which they may arise in connection with our processing of personal data, and any restrictions on them, can be obtained by writing to us at the address specified below.In any case where we are relying on your consent to process your personal data, you have the right to change your mind and withdraw consent by writing to the address specified below. Where we are relying on a legitimate purpose of the Event or a third party recipient of the personal data, in order to use and disclose personal data, you are entitled to object to such use or disclosure of your personal data, and if you do object, we will cease to use and process the Personal Data for that purpose unless we can show there are compelling legitimate reasons for us to continue or we need to use the personal data for the purposes of legal claims. You also have the right to lodge a complaint about our processing of your personal data with the Data Protection Commission by emailing info@dataprotection.ie or writing to the following address:  Data Protection Commission, Canal House, Station Road, Portarlington, R32 AP23, Co. Laois.  You can visit the website of the Data Protection Commission at www.dataprotection.ie for more details. Updates to this policyThe Event reserves the right in its sole discretion to amend this statement at any time (for example, to comply with changes in laws or regulations, our practices, procedures and organisational structures, requirements imposed or recommended by supervisory authorities or otherwise).  Changes to this statement will be communicated to you in writing by us where we are legally required to do so.Contacting the EventAny queries or complaints regarding our use of your personal data and / or the exercise of individual rights should be addressed to the Privacy Manager, Vhi Women’s Mini Marathon, 27 Sandyford Office Park, Sandyford Industrial Estate, Dublin 18, D18 PW66.You should include any personal identifiers which you supplied earlier (whether via the website or otherwise).  Your request will be dealt with as soon as possible.Last updated 26 Feb 2020                 Cookies and trackingYou should be aware that each time you visit a website, general information about your visit is retained. Statistical and other analytical information is collected on an aggregate and non-individual specific basis of all browsers who visit the site. This statistical and analytical information provides us with general and not individually specific information about the number of people who visit this website; the number of people who return to this site; the pages that they visit; where they were before they came to this site and the page and site at which they exited.This information helps us monitor traffic on our website, so that we can manage the website's capacity and efficiency. It also helps us to understand which parts of this website are most popular, and generally to assess user behaviour and characteristics in order to measure interest in and use of the various areas of the website. This type of non-personal information and data can be collected through the standard operation of our Internet servers and logs as well as "cookies". One simple way to prevent the use of cookies is to activate the facility which is available in most web browsers that enables you to deny or accept cookies.The following web links point to the common browsers and their 'how to delete cookies' pages Internet ExplorerFirefoxChromeSafariHowever, you should realise that cookies may be necessary in order to provide you with certain features such as the customised delivery of certain information. You should also be aware that where you link to another website from the Event website, the Event has no control over that other website. Accordingly, the Event cannot guarantee that the controller of that website will respect your privacy in the same manner as the Event.The Event reserves the right in its sole discretion to amend this privacy statement at any time, and you should regularly check this privacy statement for any amendments.