http://www.gumball3000.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Close menu
HOME
SHOP
RALLY
Key Dates & Times
2021 Rally Application
HISTORY
1999-2004
2005-2010
2011-2016
2017-2019
FOUNDATION
Log in
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
Cart
Close cart
Spend £50 or more in the online store to receive a free '20 Years On The Road' Pocket Edition book!
"Close"
This privacy policy describes the personal data collected or generated (processed) when you use the Gumball 3000’s website. It also explains how your personal data is used, shared and protected, what choices you have relating to your personal data and how you can contact us.
What Personal Data Do We Collect and When?
We ask you for certain personal data to provide you with the products or services you request. For example when you make purchases, contact our customer services, request to receive communications, create an account, participate in our events, or use our website.
This personal data includes your:
Contact details, including name, email, telephone number and shipping and billing addresses
Login and account information, including password and unique user ID
Personal details including gender, hometown, date of birth and purchase history
Payment or credit card information
Passport information, drivers license details
KIDS
We comply with local laws and do not allow children to register on our website when they are under the legal age limit of the country in which they reside. We will ask for parental consent for children participating in Gumball 3000 experiences and events.
Why and How Do We Use Your Personal Data?
We use your personal data in the following ways:
To Provide the Features of the Website and Services You Request
When you use our website we will use your personal data to provide the requested product or service.  For example, if you make a purchase on Gumball3000.com or participate in an event or promotion, we will use the contact information you give us to communicate with you about the purchase, event or promotion. If you contact our customer services, we will use information about you, such as delivery or payment information, or the product you have purchased to help you resolve a problem or question.
To Communicate Information about our Products, Services, Events and for Other Promotional Purposes
When you consent, we will send you marketing communications and news concerning Gumball 3000’s products, services, events and other promotions.  You can opt-out at any time after you have given your consent.
If you are an existing customer of Gumball 3000 (for example, if you have placed an order with us), we may use the contact details you provided to send you marketing communications about similar Gumball 3000 products or services where permitted by applicable law (unless you have opted-out). In other cases, we ask for your consent to send you marketing information. We may use the information that you provide to us as well as information from other Gumball 3000 products or services - such as your use of Gumball 3000’s website, your participation in Gumball 3000 events and contests - to personalise communications on products and services that may be interesting for you.
To Operate, Improve and Maintain our Business, Products and Services
We use the personal data you provide to us to operate our business.  For example, when you make a purchase, we use that information for accounting, audits and other internal functions.  We may use personal data about how you use our products and services to enhance your user experience and to help us diagnose technical and service problems and administer our website.
To Protect Our or Others' Rights, Property or Safety
We may also use your personal data about how you use our website to prevent or detect fraud, abuse, illegal use, violations of our Terms of Use, and to comply with court orders, governmental requests or applicable law.
For General Research and Analysis Purposes
We use data about how our visitors use our website and services to understand customer behaviour or preferences.  For example, we may use information about how visitors to Gumball3000.com search for and find products to better understand the best ways to organise and present product offerings.
Other Purposes
We may also use your personal data in other ways and will provide specific notice at the time of collection and obtain your consent where necessary.
Legal Grounds
To process your personal data, we rely on certain legal grounds, depending on how you interact with our website.
When you purchase Gumball 3000 products from our website, we need your personal data to fulfill our contract with you. For example, we need your payment and contact details to deliver your order.
We also rely on other legal grounds, such as our legitimate interests as a business, to comply with a legal obligation, or to protect your vital interests.
Sharing of Your Personal Data
Gumball 3000’s Sharing
Gumball 3000 shares your personal data with:
Gumball 3000 entities for the purposes and under the conditions outlined above.
Third party service providers processing personal data on Gumball 3000’s behalf, for example to process credit cards and payments, shipping and deliveries, host, manage and service our data, distribute emails, research and analysis, manage brand and product promotions as well as administering certain services and features.  When using third party service providers we enter into agreements that require them to implement appropriate technical and organisational measures to protect your personal data.
Other third parties to the extent necessary to: (i) comply with a government request, a court order or applicable law; (ii) prevent illegal uses of our website and Apps or violations of our website Terms of Use and our policies; (iii) defend ourselves against third party claims; and (iv) assist in fraud prevention or investigation (e.g., counterfeiting).
to any other third party where you have provided your consent.
We may also transfer personal data we have about you in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets (including in the event of a reorganisation, spin-off, dissolution or liquidation).
Protection and Management of Your Personal Data
Encryption & Security
We use a variety of technical and organisational security measures, including encryption and authentication tools, to maintain the safety of your personal data.
Retention of your Personal Data
Your personal information will be retained for as long as is necessary to carry out the purposes set out in this privacy policy (unless a longer retention period is required by applicable law). In general, this means that we will keep your personal data for as long as you are a customer of Gumball 3000. For personal data related to product purchases, we retain this longer to comply with legal obligations (such as tax and sales laws and for warranty purposes).
Your Rights Relating to Your Personal Data
You have the right to request: (i) access to your personal data; (ii) an electronic copy of your personal data (portability); (iii) correction of your personal data if it is incomplete or inaccurate; or (iv) deletion or restriction of your personal data in certain circumstances provided by applicable law. These rights are not absolute. Where we have obtained your consent for the processing of your personal data, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
If you like would to request a copy of your personal data or exercise any of your other rights, please contact us at info@gumball3000.com
Opting Out of Direct Marketing
You can opt-out by modifying your email subscription by clicking on the unsubscribe link or following the opt-out instructions included in the message. Alternatively, you can contact us via info@gumball3000.com
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
Applicable law and our practices change over time. If we decide to update our privacy policy, we will post the changes on our website. If we materially change the way in which we process your personal data, we will provide you with prior notice, or where legally required, request your consent prior to implementing such changes. We strongly encourage you to read our privacy policy and keep yourself informed of our practices.  This privacy policy was last modified in May 2018.
Cookie Policy
As is common practice with almost all professional websites this site uses cookies, which are tiny files that are downloaded to your computer, to improve your experience. The following describes what information they gather, how we use it and why we sometimes need to store these cookies. Gumball 3000 will also share how you can prevent these cookies from being stored however this may downgrade or 'break' certain elements of the sites functionality.
How We Use Cookies
Gumball 3000 uses cookies for a variety of reasons detailed below. Unfortunately in most cases there are no industry standard options for disabling cookies without completely disabling the functionality and features they add to this site. It is recommended that you leave on all cookies if you are not sure whether you need them or not in case they are used to provide a service that you use.
Disabling Cookies
You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser. Be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit. Disabling cookies will usually result in also disabling certain functionality and features of this site. Therefore it is recommended that you do not disable cookies.
The Cookies We Set
If you create an account with us then Gumball 3000 will use cookies for the management of the signup process and general administration. These cookies will usually be deleted when you log out however in some cases they may remain afterwards to remember your site preferences when logged out.
We use cookies when you are logged in so that we can remember this fact. This prevents you from having to log in every single time you visit a new page. These cookies are typically removed or cleared when you log out to ensure that you can only access restricted features and areas when logged in.
This site offers newsletter or email subscription services and cookies may be used to remember if you are already registered and whether to show certain notifications which might only be valid to subscribed/unsubscribed users.
This site offers e-commerce or payment facilities and some cookies are essential to ensure that your order is remembered between pages so that we can process it properly.
When you submit data to through a form such as those found on contact pages or comment forms cookies may be set to remember your user details for future correspondence.
In order to provide you with a great experience on this site we provide the functionality to set your preferences for how this site runs when you use it. In order to remember your preferences we need to set cookies so that this information can be called whenever you interact with a page is affected by your preferences.
Third Party Cookies
In some special cases we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties. The following section details which third party cookies you might encounter through this site.
Questions and Feedback
We welcome questions, comments, and concerns about our privacy policy and privacy practices.
If you wish to provide feedback or if you have questions or concerns or wish to exercise your rights related to your personal data, please contact Customer Services:
Gumball Headquarters | 303-315 Latimer Road | London, W10 6RA | United Kingdom
You may also send us an email at info@gumball3000.com
If you contact us with a privacy complaint it will be assessed with the aim of resolving the issue in a timely and effective manner. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority in the country in which you reside.
"Close (esc)"