https://www.liveabout.com/about-football-glossary-illegal-formation-1333942
Share
PINTEREST
Email
Print
New York Giants v New York Jets.
Al Pereira / Getty Images
Sports & Athletics
Football
Basics
Playing & Coaching
Best of Football
Plays & Formations
College Football
Baseball
Basketball
Bicycling
Billiards
Bodybuilding
Bowling
Boxing
Car Racing
Cheerleading
Cricket
Extreme Sports
Golf
Gymnastics
Ice Hockey
Martial Arts
Professional Wrestling
Skateboarding
Skating
Paintball
Soccer
Swimming & Diving
Table Tennis
Tennis
Track & Field
Volleyball
Other Activities
Learn More
By
James Alder
James Alder is an expert on the game of American football, blogs for The New York Times, and appears on radio shows.
our editorial process
James Alder
Updated August 29, 2018
An illegal formation is a penalty that is called against the offense for failing to line up prior to the snap according to specific guidelines.
Illegal Formations
There are several different ways for an offense to improperly line up that can result in an illegal formation call:
Having fewer than seven players line up on the line of scrimmage results in an illegal formation penalty. A total of at least seven players must always line up on the line of scrimmage prior to the play. Along with the offensive linemen, tight ends and receivers usually make up the initial seven on the line. The seven players must remain on the line until the ball is snapped.
Having eligible receivers who do not line up as the leftmost and rightmost players on the line also results in an illegal formation penalty. Eligible receivers must always be the furthest players to line up on each side of the line of scrimmage. Thus, a wide receiver cannot line up in the middle of the offensive line and then break out to receive a pass.
Traditional Formation
WR G T C T G TE WR
QB
FB
RB
As you can see, there are eight players lined up on the line of scrimmage in this situation: A wide receiver to the left of the line, two guards, two tackles, a center, a tight end, and a wide receiver to the right. Both of the receivers are the furthest players lined up to each side of the line.
Lined up behind the line of scrimmage is the quarterback, who lines up behind, and receives the snap from the center, and two different backs; a fullback and a running back. This is a legal formation.
An illegal formation would have only six players on the line of scrimmage, potentially with the receiver lined up behind it.
In this situation, only six players are lined up on the line of scrimmage: A wide receiver, two guards, two tackles, and a center. In addition to the quarterback, fullback, and running back, the tight end and second wide receiver are both lined up slightly behind the line of scrimmage. This is an illegal formation, as there aren’t the required seven offensive players lined up on the line of scrimmage. If the receiver bumps up to the line of scrimmage, the formation would then be legal.
Lastly, five properly numbered ineligible players failing to line up on the line results in an illegal formation penalty. Teams have to have at least five guys on the line of scrimmage wearing a number between 50 and 79. Teams can have more than five players on the line wearing such numbers, but they cannot have fewer than five.
An illegal formation results in a five-yard penalty against the offending team.
What Are the Offensive and Defensive Positions on a Football Team?
What It Means to Have an Ineligible Receiver Downfield
Wideout - a Definition and Explanation
What Is an Offensive Lineman?
Slip Screen Pressures Cornerbacks
Football Glossary
The Slot in Football - Definition and Explanation
A Beginner's Guide to Football
Duties of Football Officials
How Read Progression Starts With the Triangle Concept in Football
Stuffing the Double Wing 'Wedge' Play
Holding in Football - Definition and Explanation
Strong Safety vs. Free Safety
Football Plays: The Fullback Trap
The Screen Pass in Football
Football 101: Basic Positions on Defense