http://www.thevalley.com.au/privacy-policy
racing.com
g
{{ race.ShortTrack }} R{{ race.Number }} in - {{race.TimeUntil}}
o
M
N
{{siteResult.SiteUrl}} Results
{{result.CategoryIcon}}
{{result.EventName}}
{{result.ContentTitle}}
{{result.ContentDate}}
View all {{quickSearchTotalResults}} results
gFriday Dec 11, first race 6.30pm
Find Out More
Raceday info S
LRacebookd
LTrack Updated
LForm Guided
RRace Course Mapd
qRaces & Resultsd
-Public TransportS
t
0
0
{{InvoiceData.ProductLines.length}}
About
Racing
Book Your Event
Membership
Community
Redevelopment
The Club
About MVRC
Equine Welfare
MVRC Club Rules
Ladbrokes Lounge
Partnerships
Contact Us
Entertainment Venues
Legends
Junction Club
Leighoak
Race-Day Info
Racing Calendar
Spring Carnival Guide
Getting to The Valley
Owners Information
Live Track Info
Track Gallops
Trakus
Results
Group 1 Results
Track Records
Ladbrokes Cox Plate Boost
Ladbrokes 55 Second Challenge
Drummond Golf Ride of the Night
Racing Calendar
Fri
11
Dec
Ladbrokes Friday Night Lights
The Valley
Ladbrokes Friday Night Lights
Events of all kinds
Conferences, Meetings & Exhibitions
Celebrations & Gala Dinners
Exams
Memorial Services
Racing Events
Bookable Spaces
Filtered Search
Explore all Spaces
Conferences & Exhibitions
Membership
Renew Now
Member Benefits
Reciprocal Rights
Ladbrokes Tipping Legend
Dress Standards
JOIN NOW
Young (18-30) & Full (30+)
Club 100
Corporate
Membership Gift Voucher
Ladbrokes Tipping Legend
MVRC Redevelopment Updates
Moonee Valley Park
Privacy Policy
Moonee Valley Racing Club Privacy Policy
The protection of personal information is important to Moonee Valley Racing Club Inc. (MVRC). MVRC is committed to respecting the right to privacy and the protection of personal information.
This document sets out how MVRC may collect, hold and use personal information. By providing your personal information to MVRC, you consent to its use, storage and disclosure in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
What personal and sensitive information does MVRC collect?
Personal Information
Personal information is information or an opinion (including information or an opinion forming part of a database) from which it is possible to determine someone's identity.
The information collected by MVRC about a particular person will vary depending on the circumstances of collection. It may include, but is not limited to, a person's contact details (name, email and/or postal address, phone number, next of kin), date of birth, gender, occupation, credit card details, driver's licence number, passport number, insurance details, communication history with MVRC, attendance history at Moonee Valley Racecourse or MVRC gaming venues, details about a computer device used to acccess MVRC websites or Wi-Fi services (such as IP address, geolocation, domain name and browser type), information downloaded from a MVRC website and details of the goods and/or services purchased from MVRC.
Sensitive Information
Sensitive information is a type of personal information that also includes information or an opinion about someone's:
racial or ethnic origin;
political opinions;
membership of a political association, professional or trade association or trade union;
religious beliefs or affiliations or philosophical beliefs;
sexual preferences or practices;
criminal record; or
health, genetic information or disability.
Although unlikely, MVRC may also collect sensitive information such as a person's medical history, nationality, their ethnic background or disabilities if it is reasonably necessary in the circumstances.
MVRC is required by law to obtain consent when collecting sensitive information. MVRC will assume consent to the collection of all sensitive information that is provided to it for use in accordance with this Privacy Policy, unless told otherwise.
How does MVRC collect personal and sensitive information?
Information may be collected when you:
(a)	become a member of MVRC or a business of MVRC, including but not limited to the Junction Club, Leighoak Club and Moonee Valley Legends (MVRC Business);
(b)	purchase goods or services from MVRC or a MVRC Business, including admission to Moonee Valley Racecourse and attendance at MVRC gaming venues;
(c)	become a member of any customer loyalty scheme of MVRC;
(d)	become a member of a racing club, association or other body which is a member of or affiliated with MVRC (MVRC Affiliate);
(e)	subscribe to any publication of MVRC or a MVRC Business or Affiliate, including electronic publications;
(f)	provide details to MVRC or a MVRC Business or Affiliate in an application, consent form, survey, complaint, feedback form or incident report (whether in hard copy or online);
(g)	enter personal information into, or agree to having your personal information entered into, one of MVRC's online systems;
(h)	access the MVRC website or a website of a MVRC Business or Affiliate;
(i)	connect to MVRC public Wi-Fi systems;
(j)	contact MVRC via email, telephone or mail or engage with MVRC via social media;
(k)	participate in, or attend, any program, activity, competition or event run by MVRC or a MVRC Business or Affiliate;(l)	purchase tickets to a MVRC horse racing, sporting or other event from MVRC or an authorised agent;
(m)	purchase merchandise, products or services from MVRC or an authorised agent or licensee;
(n)	are nominated, elected or appointed to the committee or a sub-committee of MVRC;
(o)	apply for employment or a volunteer position with MVRC or a MVRC Business or Affiliate; or
(p)	where MVRC is required to do so by law (for education, child protection, work health and safety laws, charitable collections, medical treatment or other legislation in Australia).
Providing information
Depending on the circumstances, some types of information will be required and others might be optional. If you do not provide some or all of the information requested, this may affect MVRC's ability to communicate with you or provide the requested products or services.
By not providing requested information, you may jeopardise your ability to participate in programs or competitions or apply for employment or volunteer positions with MVRC or a MVRC Business or Affiliate. If it is impracticable for MVRC to deal with you as a result of you not providing the requested information or consent, MVRC may refuse to do so.
Collection from third parties
MVRC or a MVRC Business or Affiliate may collect personal information regarding a child from the parent or other responsible person associated with that child.
In many circumstances, MVRC collects information from MVRC Businesses or Affiliates or other third parties. Examples of such third parties could include, without limitation, Racing Australia, Racing Victoria, the Australian Jockeys Association, Australian Bookmakers Association, Office of the Racing Integrity Commissioner, sponsors, event organisers, contractors, employment agencies, first aid providers, emergency services, Victoria Police, or government and law enforcement bodies.
Information storage and protection
MVRC stores information in different ways, including in paper and electronic form.
Much of the information we collect from and about our members and customers is added to MVRC's customer relationship management database. When your information is entered into MVRC's database, the information may be combined or linked with other information held about you.
Security of personal information is important to MVRC. MVRC has taken steps to protect the information we hold from misuse, loss, unauthorised access, modification or disclosure. Some of the security measures MVRC uses include strict confidentiality requirements of our employees, volunteers, MVRC Businesses and Affiliates and service providers, network security audits, security measures for system access and security measures for our website.
We seek to protect your personal information from any unauthorised loss, disclosure or access. However, if a serious data breach occurs, we must notify you as required under the Privacy Act regarding the circumstances of the breach, and must also advise the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner.
How does MVRC use and disclose personal and sensitive information?
Use
MVRC, and third parties to whom we may disclose personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy, may use your personal information to:
(a)	verify your identity;
(b)	complete background checks;
(c)	research, develop, run, administer and market competitions, programs, activities and other events relating to horse racing in Australia;
(d)	provide you with goods and services;
(e)	enforce MVRC rules and by-laws, including conditions of ticketing and entry and disciplinary procedures;
(f)	administer customer loyalty schemes and programs;
(g)	provide you with information about events, products and/or services that may interest you;
(h)	undertake functions and activities relating to membership, racecourse and horse racing operations, sponsorships and partnerships, competitions, events, gaming operations and customer service;
(i)	research, develop and market products, services, merchandise and special offers made available by us and third parties;
(j)	respond to emergency situations involving or requiring medical treatment;
(k)	follow up on incident reports including the management of insurance claims;
(l)	undertake administrative functions, such as billing;
(m)	provide communications required under MVRC Club Rules, such as Notices of Annual General Meetings and election-related materials;
(n)	administer, manage and provide you with access to the MVRC website; and
(o)	keep you informed of news and information relating to various horse racing events, activities and opportunities via various mediums.
Although unlikely, MVRC may use your health information to ensure that programs we operate are run safely and in accordance with any special health needs participants may require. Health information may also be kept for insurance purposes. In addition, we may use de-identified health information and other sensitive information to plan events and activities.
Disclosure
MVRC may disclose your personal information to a range of organisations which include, but are not limited to:
(a)	MVRC Affiliates and other organisations involved in horse racing programs in Australia;
(b)	organisations involved in thoroughbred racing, such as Racing Australia, Racing Victoria, the Australian Jockeys Association, Australian Bookmakers Association, and the Office of the Racing Integrity Commissioner;
(c)	companies we engage to carry out functions and activities on MVRC's behalf, including mail fulfilment, direct marketing and information technology service providers;
(d)	our professional advisers, including our accountants, auditors and lawyers;
(e)	our insurers;
(f)	relevant sporting bodies; and
(g)	in other circumstances permitted by law.
In some circumstances, personal information may also be disclosed outside of Australia.
In such circumstances, MVRC will use its best endeavours to ensure such parties are subject to a law, binding scheme or contract which effectively upholds principles for fair handling of the information that are suitably similar to the Australian Privacy Principles.
Direct marketing
We will assume consent to use non-sensitive personal information to provide better services and for marketing purposes (including disclosure of such information to service providers).
Every person whose data is collected by MVRC has the option to refuse e-mail, SMS or posted offers by making a request in writing to MVRC via the contact details set out below or by making use of the opt-out procedures included in any communications from us (however, information relating to the option to unsubscribe from those communications may be retained).
Other disclosures
In addition, MVRC may also disclose personal information:
(a)	with your express or implied consent;
(b)	when required or authorised by law;
(c)	to an enforcement body when reasonably necessary; or
(d)	to lessen or prevent a threat to an individual or public health or safety.
MVRC website
When users visit the MVRC website, our systems may record certain information about their use of the site, including the web pages visited, the time and date of a user's visit to the site and each individual webpage, as well as the content of any online forms which users have commenced to complete. MVRC uses this information to help analyse and improve the performance of the MVRC website.
In addition we may use “cookies” on the MVRC website. Cookies are small text files that help a website to remember the preferences of users to improve the experience of using that website. In some cases, the cookies that we use may collect some personal information. MVRC will treat this information in the same way as other personal information we collect. You are free to disable cookies on your internet browser to prevent this information being collected; however, you will lose the benefit of the enhanced website experience that the use of cookies may offer.
Websites linked to the MVRC website are not subject to MVRC's privacy standards, policies or procedures. MVRC cannot take any responsibility for the collection, use, disclosure or security of any personal information that you provide to a third party website.
Accessing and seeking correction of information held by MVRC
MVRC will take all reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information it collects, uses or discloses is accurate, complete and up-to-date. However, we rely on the accuracy of personal information as provided to us both directly and indirectly.
We encourage all users to regularly review and update their personal information. If you would like to access personal information that we hold about you, we require you to put your request in writing. If we do not allow you access to any part of the personal information we hold about you, we will tell you why.
Individuals may also request access to their personal information held by us by making a request via the contact details set out below. We will respond to your request for access within 14 days and endeavour to provide the requested information within 30 days. If you find that the personal information we hold about you is inaccurate, incomplete or out-of-date, please contact us immediately and we will see that it is corrected.
Resolving privacy issues and complaints
Any issues or complaints in relation to the collection, use, disclosure, quality, security of and access to your personal information may be made to the MVRC at this address:
MVRC Privacy Officer
PO Box 245
Moonee Ponds
Victoria
3039
Email:
privacy@mvrc.net.au
Phone: (03) 9373 2222
We will respond to your complaint within 30 days and try to resolve it within 90 days. If we are unable to resolve your complaint within this time, or you are unhappy with the outcome, you can contact the Office of Australian Information Commissioner via its enquiries line 1300 363 992 or website http://www.oaic.gov.au/ to lodge a complaint.
For further information on MVRC's management of personal information, please contact us using the details above.
MVRC may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time.
Download Moonee Valley Racing Club Privacy Policy
Mooney Valley Racing Club
Contact Us
Staff Information
Careers
Terms and Conditions
FAQ's e-ticketing
About
OHS Induction
Privacy Policy
Site Safety
Partnerships
Legends
Leighoak
Junction Club
Newsletter Sign-up