http://www.chargers.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Advertising
Los Angeles Chargers Privacy - Policy
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: 01/01/2020
The Chargers Football Company, LLC ("Chargers," "we," "our," "us") respects your privacy and values your trust and confidence. This privacy policy (the "Privacy Policy") applies to your interactions with us, whether through our websites, mobile applications, online services that link to or post this Privacy Policy, as well as offline such as when you call us, visit our ticket office, or otherwise interact with us (collectively, the "Services"), and explains how we collect, use, and disclose information we collect about you. By using the Services, you agree that you have read and understood the terms of this Privacy Policy. Please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to any information that is collected or obtained through sites or services that do not link to this Privacy Policy (including the Team Shop) or information collected by NFL Enterprises LLC, the National Football League, or other members of the NFL Family (collectively, "NFL"), or the other member clubs (the "Member Clubs").
The Chargers' website, mobile applications, and online services that link to the Services are presented on an NFL digital platform, meaning that the NFL and its affiliates may collect your personal information independent of the Chargers. The NFL may place and read their own cookies, web beacons, Local Stored Objects, and similar technologies to collect information through the Services. Data collected by the NFL is governed by the NFL's privacy policy, which can be found at https://www.nfl.com/help/privacy.
If you are a California resident, please also see California Residents: Your Privacy Rights, in which we describe your rights under California's privacy law.
Information Collection
We collect information directly from you when you use our Services, automatically as you use our Services, and from other persons, as described below.
Information We Collect From You: We collect information from you when you use any of our Services, purchase tickets, purchase a seat license, , sign up for contests or sweepstakes, choose to participate in a send-to-a-friend promotion, participate in surveys, access various content or features, submit comments or content, attend our events, or directly contact us with questions or feedback. The type of information that we collect from you depends on your interaction with us and may include:
Name, Contact Information, and Other Identifiers: Including name, e-mail address, postal address, telephone number, username, and password;
Customer Records: Including credit card or other payment information, communication preferences, comments and other information posted in our interactive online forums, purchase history, including game tickets;
Demographic information, such as gender;
Financial information, such as credit card or other payment information; Data Deemed health information (for example, if you purchase accessible seating)
Comments and other information posted in our interactive online forums
Correspondence and other information that you send to us
Security recordings. We may record your image using CCTV at our training facility or ticketing office
Automatically Collected Information: We may collect certain Usage Data automatically when you visit the Services or use our app, including:
Your Internet Protocol (IP) address, which is the number automatically assigned to your computer whenever you access the Internet and that can sometimes be used to derive your general geographic area;
Device Information, including mobile device identification numbers, operating system version and type, and device carrier; information regarding your interaction with our website, application, or advertisements (e.g. IP Address, MAC Address, SSIDs or other device identifiers or persistent identifiers), online user ID, device characteristics (such as browser/OS version), web server logs, application logs, browsing data, first party cookies, and pixel tags.
Sites you visited before and after visiting the Services;
Pages you view and links you click on within the Services;
Information collected through cookies, web beacons, local stored objects, and other technologies;
Information about your interactions with e-mail messages, such as the links clicked on and whether the messages were received, opened, or forwarded; and
Standard Server Log Information.
Search queries on our Site
Geolocation data
We may associate certain automatically collected information with your account, such as whether you logged into your account and the time and date of your log in, but only if you logged into an account. Typically, however, we do not associate automatically collected data with your account.
Information We Collect About You From Others: We also collect information about you from the following sources:
Your Friends: Your friend may provide us your name and email as part of our refer-a-friend program. We use this information to contact you to see if you are interested in Chargers tickets or other opportunities.
NFL: If you request information about us from the National Football League, the League will provide us with your contact information.
Ticket Providers: We receive your information from certain ticket vendors to facilitate your entry into the stadium and to validate your tickets or registration for various events or programs.
Use of Information
We use information that we collect through the Services for a variety of purposes, including to:
Providing Support and Services: To provide our Services; to communicate with you about your access to and use of our Services; to respond to your inquiries; to fulfill your orders and requests; to process your payments; to provide technical support (such as troubleshooting); to grant you access to the stadium or other venues (for football games and other events); and for other customer service and support purposes.
Advertising, Marketing and Promotional Purposes: To send you newsletters, offers or other information we think may interest you; to contact you about our Services or information we think may interest you; and to administer promotions and contests.
Personalizing Content and Experiences: To tailor content we send or display on our websites and other Services; to offer location customization and personalized help and instructions; and to otherwise personalize your experiences.
Auditing, Reporting, Corporate Governance, and Internal Operations: To assist us and our advisors in financial, tax and accounting audits; audits and assessments of our operations, privacy, security and financial controls, risk, and compliance with legal obligations; our general business, accounting, record keeping and legal functions; and related to any actual or contemplated merger, acquisition, asset sale or transfer, financing, bankruptcy or restructuring of all or part of our business.
Complying with Legal Obligations: Including to comply with the law, our legal obligations and legal process, search warrants, subpoenas, court orders, and regulatory or law enforcement requests.
Defending our Legal Rights: Including to manage and respond to actual and potential legal disputes and claims, and to otherwise establish, defend or protect our rights or interests, and the rights and interests of other persons, including in the context of anticipated or actual litigation with other parties.
If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our site or services, we will ask for your friend's name, email address, and/or phone number, to contact your friend to invite him or her to purchase tickets or participate in our Services.
Sharing of Information
We are committed to maintaining your trust, and we want you to understand when and with whom we may share the information we collect. We will share your personal information with non-affiliated entities only in the ways that are described in this privacy policy. We do not sell your personal information to these entities.
Service Providers: We share your information with service providers that perform certain functions or services on our behalf (such as to host the Services, fulfill orders, provide products and services, manage databases; perform analyses, process credit card payments, provide customer service, or send communications for us).
Subsidiaries and Affiliates: We may share your information with members of the NFL Family, including, without limitation, NFL Properties LLC, NFL International LLC, NFL Enterprises LLC, NFL Ventures, L.P., and NFL Ventures, Inc.
Select Business Partners: With your permission, we may share your information with select business partners so that they can provide you with special offers, promotional materials, and other materials that may be of interest to you. For example, you may be presented with an opportunity to have certain information shared with our non-affiliated business partners when you enter a contest or sweepstakes or elect to receive marketing offers or other information. If you do not elect to have your information shared, it will not be shared with such non-affiliated entities. We take measures to help ensure that our partners protect the confidentiality, integrity, and security of any information we share with them. However, we are not responsible for the privacy practices of our business partners, which may use your information for their own purposes.
Business Transfer: If we sell all or part of our business, or make a sale or transfer of assets, or are otherwise involved in a merger or business transfer, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy, a business reorganization, or similar event, we may transfer your information as part of such transaction and in the diligence process of such transaction.
Administrative or Legal Process: We may disclose your information to other entities in order to protect the legal rights, safety, and security of our organization, our corporate affiliates, subsidiaries, business partners, and the users of our Services; enforce our Terms of Use; respond to and resolve claims or complaints; prevent fraud or for risk management purposes; and comply with or respond to law enforcement or legal process or a request for cooperation by a government or other entity, whether or not legally required.
Interactive Features: If you post information to a comments forum or other community tool, this information will be available to other users of our Services and, in some cases, to the general public that views our Services. If you post to these interactive features, it will be publicly available, and you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties. We cannot ensure that parties who have access to such information will respect your privacy. Please exercise caution when using these features.
Geolocation Information: We may share your geolocation information with service providers that perform certain functions or services on our behalf. These companies are authorized to use precise geolocation information only as necessary to provide these services to us. If you wish to stop the further collection of your geolocation information, please opt-out using your device settings.
Other Parties with Your Express or Implied Consent: We may share information with other entities when you consent to such sharing. For example, if you win a contest or sweepstakes, we may ask your permission to publicly post certain information identifying you as the winner.
Aggregate Information: We may share aggregate information, such as demographic and usage statistics, with advertisers, sponsors or other organizations.
In addition, we may allow service providers to place and read their own cookies, web beacons, Local Stored Objects, and similar technologies to collect information through the Services. For example, our service providers may use these technologies to collect information that helps us with traffic measurement, research, and analytics.
Social Networking Services
You can post comments to our social media pages. We may collect the information that you post to contact you about your experience and to address customer service issues more generally. We typically do not associate this information with your profile/account, however, for internal purposes aligned with your request or comment, we may note follow-up activity provided to you.
Cookies and Similar Technologies
As is true of most web sites, we, or our service providers, gather certain information about your use of our website and mobile applications automatically and store it in log files. As stated above, this information may include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. We do not link this automatically collected data to other information we collect about you.
The Services use technologies such as cookies, beacons, tags and scripts. We use these technologies for a variety of purposes, such as analyzing trends, administering the Services, analyzing how users interact with the Services, and gathering demographic information.
Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you reject cookies, you may still use our Services, but your ability to use certain features may be limited.
Analytics
We use automated devices and applications, such as Adobe Analytics and Google Analytics, to evaluate usage of our Services. We also may use other analytic means to evaluate our Services. We use these tools to help us improve our Services' performance and user experiences. These entities may use cookies and other tracking technologies, such as web beacons or local stored objects (LSOs), to perform their services. To learn more about Adobe's privacy practices, please review the Adobe Privacy Policy at https://www.adobe.com/privacy.html. You can also visit the Adobe Privacy Center website to prevent your data from being used by Adobe Analytics at https://www.adobe.com/privacy/opt-out.html.To manage Flash LSOs please click here. To learn more about Google's privacy practices, please review the Google Privacy Policy at https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/. You can also download the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on to prevent their data from being used by Google Analytics at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
We may use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our Services. This software may record information such as how often you use an application, the events that occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance data, and where an application was downloaded from.
Advertising
We use advertising service providers such as advertising network providers, advertisers, sponsors, and traffic measurement services (collectively, "Ad Service Providers") to serve advertisements on other websites or other media (e.g., social networking platforms). This enables us to target advertisements to you for products and services in which you might be interested. Our Ad Service Providers may use cookies, JavaScript, web beacons (including clear GIFs), Flash LSOs, and other tracking technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content to you. These Ad Service Providers cookies and other technologies are governed by each Ad Service Providers' specific privacy policy, not this one. We may provide these Ad Service Providers with information, including personal information, about you
Users in the United States may opt out of many ad networks. For example, you may go to the Digital Advertising Alliance ("DAA") Consumer Choice Page for information about opting out of interest-based advertising and their choices regarding having information used by DAA companies. You may also go to the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI") Consumer Opt-Out Page for information about opting out of interest-based advertising and their choices regarding having information used by NAI members.
Opting out from one or more companies listed on the DAA Consumer Choice Page or the NAI Consumer Opt-Out Page will opt you out from those companies' delivery of interest-based content or ads to you, but it does not mean you will no longer receive any advertising through our Site or on other websites. You may continue to receive advertisements, for example, based on the particular website that you are viewing (i.e., contextually based ads). Also, if your browsers are configured to reject cookies when you opt out on the DAA or NAI websites, your opt out may not be effective. Additional information is available on the DAA's website at www.aboutads.info or the NAI's website at www.networkadvertising.org.
Because there currently is no industry standard concerning what, if anything, websites should do when they receive such signals, we currently do not take action in response to these signals. If and when a final standard is established and accepted, we will reassess how to respond to these signals.
Links to Other Web Sites
The Services may contain links to other websites or online services that are operated and maintained by non-affiliated entities and that are not under the control of or maintained by us. Such links do not constitute an endorsement by us of those other websites, the content displayed therein, or the persons or entities associated therewith. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any content on a different website. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of these third party websites or services.
Security
We have adopted security procedures to help protect against loss, misuse, and unauthorized access to the information you provide to us. For example, if we collect financial information, we will use encryption software to help protect this information when it is in transit. Please note, however, that no data transmission or storage can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your information and privacy, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you disclose or transmit to the Services and cannot be responsible for the theft, destruction, or inadvertent disclosure of your information.
Children's Privacy
The Services do not knowingly collect, use, or disclose personal information from children under the age of 13. If we are made aware that we have collected personal information from a child under 13 years old in a manner that is inconsistent with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA"), we will delete this information as soon as possible.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time. Your continued use of the Services after any modification to the Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of the new terms. If we make any material changes we will notify you via the e-mail address specified in your account or by means of a notice on the Services prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Choices
You may choose to receive promotional emails, newsletters, and similar communications from us. To opt out of receiving commercial emails from us, click on the opt-out or "unsubscribe" link included in the commercial e-mails you receive. Please note that opt-out requests may take some time to be effective. Your opt-out request will not apply to messages that you request or that are not commercial in nature. For example, we may contact you concerning any purchases you have made with us, even if you opt out of receiving unsolicited commercial email messages.
You should be aware that any information you provide in the publicly accessible comment sections of our website may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, contact us at privacy@chargers.nfl.com. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.
You may opt-out of location-based services at any time by editing your device settings.
We do not always associate this information with your account; if we do, however, we will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services and as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Please see below for additional rights available to California residents.
CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS: YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
Under the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA"), we are required to provide specific information to California residents about our practices related to personal information.
Categories of Personal Information that We Collect, Disclose, and Sell
We collect these categories of personal information from the sources described in the Information Collection section above, and for the purposes described in the Use of Information section above. Our collection, use and disclosure of personal information about a California resident will vary depending upon the circumstances and nature of our interactions or relationship with such resident.
California Consumer Rights
California law gives certain California residents the right to make the following requests with regard to certain personal information that we collect, at no charge, up to twice every 12 months:
The right to opt-out of sale of their personal information.
The right to request deletion of certain personal information that we have collected, subject to certain exemptions (for example, where the information is used by us to detect fraud or security incidents, debugging or to comply with a legal obligation).
The right to request a copy of certain pieces of personal information that we have collected in the prior 12 months.
The right to request that we disclose how we have handled their personal information in the prior 12 months, including the:
categories of personal information collected;
categories of sources of personal information;
business and/or commercial purposes for collecting and selling their personal information;
categories of third parties with whom we have disclosed or shared their personal information;
categories of personal information that we have disclosed or shared with a third party for a business purpose;
categories of personal information collected; and
categories of third parties to whom the residents' personal information has been sold and the specific categories of personal information sold to each category of third party (if sold).
Submitting Requests
You can submit a copy, deletion, and right-to-know request online or an opt-out from future sales request by filling out our Data Request Form or by contacting us at 855-916-2500.
Financial Incentives and the Right to Non-Discrimination
The CCPA prohibits discrimination against California consumers for exercising their rights under the CCPA and imposes requirements on any financial incentives offered to California consumers related to their personal information, unless the different prices, rates, or quality of goods or services are reasonably related to the value of the consumer's data. We do not offer any such incentives at this time and we do not discriminate against consumers for exercising their rights.
Shine the Light
You have the right to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes (see California Civil Code Section 1798.83). To make such a request, please send an email to privacy@chargers.nfl.com or write us at 3333 Susan St., Costa Mesa, CA 92626. We do not currently share personal information with third parties for direct marketing purposes.
International Users
Please note that the Services are directed towards users who reside in the United States. By using the Services, you consent to the collection, storage, processing, and transfer of your information in and to the United States, or other countries and territories, pursuant to the laws of the United States. While some of these countries may not offer the same level of privacy protection as your own, we commit to uphold the privacy protections as explained in this Policy.
Ad Serving and Audience and Traffic Measurement Services
We may use service providers to serve advertisements on the Services. These service providers may set their own cookies or similar web technologies to collect information about users' online activities over time and across different websites. To manage your preferences, you may opt out here http://preferences-mgr.truste.com/. The Services may feature Nielsen proprietary measurement software, which will allow users to contribute to market research, such as Nielsen TV Ratings. Nielsen believes that you should have a choice about whether to contribute to our research and insights. To opt out of Nielsen measurement, you need only to activate the "Limit Ad Tracking" (for iOS devices) or "Opt out of Ads Personalization" (for Android devices) option in your device's settings. For web, please visit: http://www.nielsen.com/digitalprivacy to learn more about the Nielsen digital measurement products and your choices in regard to them.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the privacy practices of the Services, please contact us by email at privacy@chargers.nfl.com or by regular mail at:
Los Angeles Chargers
Attn: Privacy Team
3333 Susan Street
Costa Mesa, CA 92626
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) here.
Advertising
Big left arrow icon
Big right arrow icon
Close icon
Copy Url
Three dots icon
Down arrow icon
Email icon
Email icon
Exit Fullscreen icon
External link icon
Facebook logo
Football icon
Facebook logo
Instagram logo
Snapchat logo
YouTube logo
TikTok logo
Spotify logo
LinkedIn logo
Grid icon
Key icon
Left arrow icon
Link icon
Location icon
Mail icon
Menu icon
Open icon
Phone icon
Play icon
Radio icon
Rewind icon
Right arrow icon
Search icon
Select icon
Selected icon
TV icon
Twitter logo
Twitter logo
Up arrow icon
User icon
Audio icon
Tickets iconAdd to calendar iconNFC icon
AFC icon
NFL icon
Carousel IconList ViewWebsite
InstagramTwitterFacebookSnapchatShop IconProfile Overlay
AvatarAddAirplayArrow LeftArrow RightArrow UpArrow DownAudioBack 5sBack 10sBack 30sCalendarChartCheckDownLeftRightUpChromecast OffChromecast OnCloseClosed CaptionsBench OffBench OnBroad OffBroad OnVertical OffVertical OnCommentDockDoneDownloadDraftFantasyFilterForward 5sForward 10sForward 30sFull Screen OffFull Screen OnGamepassGamesInsightsKeyLeaveLiveCombineDraftFantasyMenu GamesMenu NetworkMenu NewsMenu PlayoffsMenu Pro BowlMenu ShopMenu StandingsMenu StatsMenu Super BowlMenu TeamsMenu TicketsMenuMore HorizontalMore VerticalMy LocationNetworkNewsPauseplayMultiple PlayersSingle PlayerPlaylistPlayoffsPro BowlPurgeRefreshRemoveReplaySearchSettingsShare AndroidShare Copy URLShare EmailShare FacebookShare InstagramShare iOSShare SnapchatShare TwitterSkip NextSkip PreviousStandingsStarStatsSwapTeamsTicketsVideoVisibility OffVisibility OnVolume HiVolume LowVolume MediumVolume MuteWarningWebsite
Caret downCaret upAt
The browser you are using is no longer supported on this site. It is highly recommended that you use the latest versions of a supported browser in order to receive an optimal viewing experience. The following browsers are supported: Chrome, Edge (v80 and later), Firefox and Safari.
Got it!