http://www.karatelifestudios.com/privacy-policy
Karate Life Studios will be closed for classes November 26th-28th for the Thanksgiving Holiday!
Information Collected
Karate Life Studios
may collect information, such as your e-mail address, name and phone number.
Information about your computer hardware and software also may be automatically collected. This information can include your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used by Karate Life Studios for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of our website.
Use Of Your Information
We collect and use your personal information to operate our website and deliver the services you have requested. We will send one welcome email following registration to all registered patrons. We also send periodical service updates to users.
We do not sell, rent, or lease our customer lists to third parties.
Contact Information
Karate Life Studios welcomes your comments. If you would like to stop receiving messages from us, please contact us at program.director@karatelifestudios.com.
Request More Information
Programs
Kids Karate
Adult Karate
Summer Camps
Birthday Parties
Workshops
Self Defense Workshops
Request more information
Facebook
Blog
October is BULLY PREVENTION Month!
- 10/20/2020
Karate isn’t all about kicking and punching - and that is something any current Karate Life Student will tell you! Bully prevention is
SO
important for kids of all ages and is a skill we
...
Karate During COVID-19
- 9/17/2020
The world looks a little bit different at the moment, doesn’t it?
If you are looking for an activity and a GREAT physical outlet for yourself or your child – especially right now ...
My 4yo is learning so much and loves it! Great teachers and staff!
Honestly this DoJo has changed our lives - my son has learned so much and hav enjoyed every moment! Highly recommend
Karate life studios has been a game changer for my family. My boys Lucas and Zach have become very strong kids and their personalities, strength, and self confidence have all increased significantly. They have done this for a few years now and I recently signed up for karate training as a result of seeing their progress. I love it for it has helped me out but it also another way to bond as a family. Highly recommend to anyone!
Request Information Now!