https://www.institute-kravmaga.co.uk/consumer-data-privacy-policy/
Consumer Data Privacy Policy - Krav Maga classes in London
Visit Our Events Page for Upcoming Grading/Events For 2020
info@institute-kravmaga.co.uk
07717415267
The UK’s Largest, Most Trusted KRAV MAGA Club
Our focus is your satisfaction not a long-term contract
Home
About
About Krav Maga
ABOUT THE INSTITUTE OF KRAV MAGA UK
Grading System
OUR INSTRUCTOR TEAM
Frequently Asked Questions
Consumer Data Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Our Classes
Events
Private Training
Refer a Friend
Shop
Pricing
Membership
Pay As You Go
Self Defence Course |Females Only | Duration 12 Weeks
Book a trial Class
Contact
0
Cart
Home
About
About Krav Maga
ABOUT THE INSTITUTE OF KRAV MAGA UK
Grading System
OUR INSTRUCTOR TEAM
Frequently Asked Questions
Consumer Data Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Our Classes
Events
Private Training
Refer a Friend
Shop
Pricing
Membership
Pay As You Go
Self Defence Course |Females Only | Duration 12 Weeks
Book a trial Class
Contact
Consumer Data Privacy Policy
What is this Privacy Policy for?
This privacy policy is for this website www.institute-kravmaga.co.uk and is served by Krav Maga UK Ltd and governs the privacy of its users who choose to use it.
The policy sets out the different areas where user privacy is concerned and outlines the obligations & requirements of the users, the website and website owners. Furthermore the way this website processes, stores and protects user data and information will also be detailed within this policy.
The Website
This website and its owners take a proactive approach to user privacy and ensure the necessary steps are taken to protect the privacy of its users throughout their visiting experience. This website complies to all UK national laws and requirements for user privacy.
Use of Cookies
This website uses cookies to better the users experience while visiting the website. Where applicable this website uses a cookie control system allowing the user on their first visit to the website to allow or disallow the use of cookies on their computer / device. This complies with recent legislation requirements for websites to obtain explicit consent from users before leaving behind or reading files such as cookies on a user’s computer / device.
Cookies are small files saved to the user’s computers hard drive that track, save and store information about the user’s interactions and usage of the website. This allows the website, through its server to provide the users with a tailored experience within this website.
Users are advised that if they wish to deny the use and saving of cookies from this website on to their computers hard drive they should take necessary steps within their web browsers security settings to block all cookies from this website and its external serving vendors.
This website uses tracking software to monitor its visitors to better understand how they use it. This software is provided by Google Analytics which uses cookies to track visitor usage. The software will save a cookie to your computers hard drive in order to track and monitor your engagement and usage of the website, but will not store, save or collect personal information. You can read Google’s privacy policy here for further information [http://www.google.com/privacy.html ].
Other cookies may be stored to your computers hard drive by external vendors when this website uses referral programs, sponsored links or adverts. Such cookies are used for conversion and referral tracking and typically expire after 30 days, though some may take longer. No personal information is stored, saved or collected.
Contact & Communication
Users contacting this website and/or its owners do so at their own discretion and provide any such personal details requested at their own risk. Your personal information is kept private and stored securely until a time it is no longer required or has no use, as detailed in the Data Protection Act 1998. Every effort has been made to ensure a safe and secure form to email submission process but advise users using such form to email processes that they do so at their own risk.
This website and its owners use any information submitted to provide you with further information about the products / services they offer or to assist you in answering any questions or queries you may have submitted. This includes using your details to subscribe you to any email newsletter program the website operates but only if this was made clear to you and your express permission was granted when submitting any form to email process. Or whereby you the consumer have previously purchased from or enquired about purchasing from the company a product or service that the email newsletter relates to. This is by no means an entire list of your user rights in regard to receiving email marketing material. Your details are not passed on to any third parties.
Email Newsletter
This website operates an email newsletter program, used to inform subscribers about products and services supplied by this website. Users can subscribe through an online automated process should they wish to do so but do so at their own discretion. Some subscriptions may be manually processed through prior written agreement with the user.
Subscriptions are taken in compliance with UK Spam Laws detailed in the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003. All personal details relating to subscriptions are held securely and in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998. No personal details are passed on to third parties nor shared with companies / people outside of the company that operates this website. Under the Data Protection Act 1998 you may request a copy of personal information held about you by this website’s email newsletter program. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to the business address at the bottom of this policy.
Email marketing campaigns published by this website or its owners may contain tracking facilities within the actual email. Subscriber activity is tracked and stored in a database for future analysis and evaluation. Such tracked activity may include; the opening of emails, forwarding of emails, the clicking of links within the email content, times, dates and frequency of activity [this is by no far a comprehensive list].
This information is used to refine future email campaigns and supply the user with more relevant content based around their activity.
In compliance with UK Spam Laws and the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003 subscribers are given the opportunity to un-subscribe at any time through an automated system. This process is detailed at the footer of each email campaign. If an automated un-subscription system is unavailable clear instructions on how to un-subscribe will by detailed instead.
External Links
Although this website only looks to include quality, safe and relevant external links, users are advised adopt a policy of caution before clicking any external web links mentioned throughout this website.
The owners of this website cannot guarantee or verify the contents of any externally linked website despite their best efforts. Users should therefore note they click on external links at their own risk and this website and its owners cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any external links mentioned.
Adverts and Sponsored Links
This website may contain sponsored links and adverts. These will typically be served through our advertising partners, to whom may have detailed privacy policies relating directly to the adverts they serve.
Clicking on any such adverts will send you to the advertisers website through a referral program which may use cookies and will track the number of referrals sent from this website. This may include the use of cookies which may in turn be saved on your computers hard drive. Users should therefore note they click on sponsored external links at their own risk and this website and its owners cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any external links mentioned.
Social Media Platforms
Communication, engagement and actions taken through external social media platforms that this website and its owners participate on are custom to the terms and conditions as well as the privacy policies held with each social media platform respectively.
Users are advised to use social media platforms wisely and communicate / engage upon them with due care and caution in regard to their own privacy and personal details. This website nor its owners will ever ask for personal or sensitive information through social media platforms and encourage users wishing to discuss sensitive details to contact them through primary communication channels such as by telephone or email.
This website may use social sharing buttons which help share web content directly from web pages to the social media platform in question. Users are advised before using such social sharing buttons that they do so at their own discretion and note that the social media platform may track and save your request to share a web page respectively through your social media platform account.
Shortened Links in Social Media
This website and its owners through their social media platform accounts may share web links to relevant web pages. By default some social media platforms shorten lengthy urls.
Users are advised to take caution and good judgement before clicking any shortened urls published on social media platforms by this website and its owners. Despite the best efforts to ensure only genuine urls are published many social media platforms are prone to spam and hacking and therefore this website and its owners cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any shortened links.
Resources & Further Information
Data Protection Act 1998
Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003
Twitter Privacy Policy
Facebook Privacy Policy
Google Privacy Policy
Want a quick start ? Take a trial class and get free gifts too!
START A JOURNEY
Fitness and Self-Defence Training meeting your needs without long-term contracts or hidden charges. Since 2006, Institute Krav Maga has raised the bar and set a higher standard. We’ve never stopped. We never will.
Reviews
Institute of Krav Maga UK
5.0
powered by Facebook
Ruslan Seriy 2019-05-26T16:47:47+0000
Institute Krav Maga UK is an amazing club with greatly experienced and friendly instructor team. Newcomers as well as...
students with prior combat sports experience can expect to benefit from learning a good mix of practical and real life self-defence techniques , sparring skills and improved fitness. Institute often organises overseas events
, where additional skills can be learned. Would highly recommend IKMU to everyone who is looking to train Krav Maga
!read more
Beth Lacey Swingler 2018-04-09T17:09:37+0000
Charlaine Kuijpers - Kluck 2017-10-16T07:25:18+0000
Grace McQuillan 2017-06-24T17:31:37+0000
When I moved to London I started to look for a club where I could continue learning Krav Maga. I tried out many clubs...
and didn't find one I liked until I came across the institute back in August 2015. I've been training with them ever since, it's amazing how much I have learnt in two years. All the instructors are knowledgable about Krav Maga and clearly passionate about it. Other more senior students are also always keen to help you learn and develop. Overall a great club with top notch people!read more
Edina Szaszko 2017-06-24T08:04:28+0000
Laurynas Pauša 2017-06-07T05:32:39+0000
Institute of Krav Maga is a great place to learn fighting, self-defense, improve your fitness and a perfect way to keep...
yourself active in general. I have thoroughly enjoyed all the classes since joining since the instructors are friendly and very knowledgeable. Only good things to say about this club!read more
David Boyd Booker 2017-06-06T01:38:30+0000
A great place to train with knowledgable instructors
Oguzhan Sak 2017-05-11T07:12:39+0000
James Norris-Mccann 2017-05-01T17:37:53+0000
Not only great training from both IKMUK & combat KM, but a fantastic community feel in everything we do.
Yasmin Jess 2017-05-01T14:47:45+0000
I trained with the Institute for a couple of years, while living in London. I have learnt so much, thanks to expert...
instructors and great training environments. They offer a variety of challenging and awesome seminars and training camps and I always love to come back for a visit given the chance ;) This club is fantastic! See you soon, guysread more
Filipa Monteiro 2017-04-30T19:58:21+0000
Started training with IKMUK and Combat KM less than a year ago. These guys came to prove once more that investing in...
oneself has no age and definitely no gender, it’s simply the reflection of a mind-set to be safe, fit and strong. Several workshops, an Extreme Weekend and a Warrior Summer Camp later I couldn’t have hoped to have found such friendly and knowledgeable professionals. Looking forward to the future challenges that are bound to come :)read more
Sarish Hussain 2017-04-30T15:00:13+0000
You probably already know why you should be training Krav Maga. Excellent instructors! We have a laugh and we train...
hard. Highly recommend.read more
Anthony Clapton 2017-04-21T21:04:25+0000
Patrick Brom 2017-04-14T14:25:11+0000
Amos Jenkins III 2017-04-01T13:37:27+0000
Sta Sys 2017-03-29T20:05:15+0000
Andres Villamarin 2016-11-07T15:21:03+0000
Lukas Siugzdinis 2016-10-31T12:22:47+0000
I had an opportunity to participate in event organised by Krav Maga Institute UK in Czech Republic
thanks to...
instructors Joe Ambrosino and Heat Leavitt this event was best experience in my life so far ! Organised from A to B,had chance to gain knowledge from experts,to hear they experience and be surrounded by amazing people ! Thank you again ! Can't wait for next year ! :)
P.s best place to train Krav Maga in London !read more
James Worker 2016-10-30T14:16:04+0000
Suman Manoharan 2016-10-02T07:59:03+0000
Simon Barton 2016-08-19T01:03:15+0000
This is the spot for reviews of the Institute of Krav Maga.
I’ve trained with the Institute now for nearly five...
years now so perhaps I should add a review.
I had read about Krav Maga but it took me a while to “get over myself” and sign up for an induction session because, if I’m honest, I was a bit concerned that it would be full of psychos.
The reality was, I was pleased to discover, very different.
Krav Maga is not about fighting; it’s about defending yourself.
It’s not a sport so people are not there to compete with, score points over or hurt their opponents.
They are there to train with like-minded people and learn practical ways to defend themselves in real-life situations.
And they are taught by the best.
And real life is the key.
Forget what you see in the movies or indeed in any sporting martial art.
This is about what would you do if…?
How do you deal with two attackers, or three?
Should you, could you just run away?
What if you need to defend someone else?
Could you avoid the situation completely?
How does an 8 stone girl deal with an attack from a 15 stone man?.. because you can be sure it won’t be by trading punches or wrestling him to the ground!
It’s brutal and it’s not pretty but it’s the most effective self-defence system out there.
There are no rules… except stay alive and get away.
The instructors are quite simply excellent led by the incomparable Joe Ambrosino (a man to whom I quite literally owe my life but that is another story for another day).
They really know their stuff and train together as a group regularly to fine-tune both the techniques themselves and how to put them across to students.
Sessions are structured but varied, focussing on different techniques and situations from week to week.
But it’s not just about teaching technique; it’s about attitude of mind, awareness and an understanding of why we’re doing what we’re doing so that when the unexpected happens, when it all gets a bit messy and your technique goes to pot, you still make good decisions quickly, do the right things and have a chance of staying in one piece.
There is a system of progression.
The less experienced members are taught the basics and, most importantly, the more likely scenarios.
Playing with gun disarms might look cool but realistically it’s much more likely that someone is going to try to grab you or slap you or punch you or perhaps stab you than pull a gun on you in this country so that is what you learn first (with a few more advanced techniques thrown in from time to time for fun).
You also need to learn how to end a fight, which might be running away or it might be causing your attacker so much pain that he forgets about attacking you; either is good.
That is where Krav Maga is at its best.
There are no weight categories.
Girls need to learn to defend themselves not just against other girls but against guys who are bigger, heavier and stronger.
They would never get a chance do this in a competitive martial art and they would not have much chance of winning either without fighting dirty and breaking all the rules that those sports impose.
As you progress it becomes endlessly fascinating as you learn more, adapt things for more complex or difficult situations and get better at the stuff you already know.
You learn how to fall, how to roll, defences against baseball bats, kicks, chokes, headlocks and bear hugs, threats vs attacks, what to do if on the ground or in a chair or up against a wall, loads more and yes, eventually, guns.
I can honestly say it’s never boring even when revising simple knife or punch defences I learned years ago because each time I do it I get better at it and I get it wrong less often.
I have to say that one of the most enjoyable aspects of Krav Maga with the Institute, apart from the quality of the instruction I’m getting each week, is the people.
The sessions are fun and friendly, but we work hard.
Most importantly I work with people I trust, which is really important when I’m asking people to attack me in a way that is as close to realistic as possible while also being safe. Classes are mixed up so girls train with men and less experienced people learn from people who’ve been doing it for years.
There are no egos and everyone is there to help everyone else.
Yes, it helps to be fit but the classes cater for all level of fitness.
Not feeling fit enough should not put anyone off Krav Maga but one thing is for sure, if you’re looking to get or keep fit at the same time, it will make you fitter.
I quite simply cannot recommend the Institute of Krav Maga highly enough.
If you want to learn practical skills for real-life situations that, if you’re just unlucky enough, you might one day find yourself in, then training with the Institute is both the best way to learn and a lot of fun.read more
Sam Skipper 2016-07-22T14:38:41+0000
These guys are top class Instructors with expert knowledge, they deliver training in a way that benefits all skill and...
fitness levels and that anyone with a 'willing to learn' attitude will enjoy. By training in real life scenarios for real life situations you will gain practical skills to both defend yourself and to generally be more aware of your surroundings.
I'd highly recommend this to anyone who has an interest in martial arts or fitness.read more
Dino Nunes 2016-07-22T10:06:20+0000
If you are looking to learn self-defense with the best team of instructors and organization the "Institute Krav Maga...
UK"
is the best from the beginner to advanced .read more
Jon Douglass 2016-07-15T19:42:29+0000
Excellent place to train in Krav Maga with very knowledgeable instructors.
Paul Landreth-Smith 2016-06-23T13:05:29+0000
The IKMUK is a superb club. It covers many different geographical locations with a team of instructors. Everyone there...
is friendly, serious about training and your time spent in class is well structured.
I have trained with many different instructors worldwide and Joe Ambrosino, who is the lead instructor, has to be one of the best. He is a little Tasmanian Devil of energy, speaks really fast but he has so much information and experience in his head you just try to soak it all in!
He is kind and gentle but crazy tough too.
He is supported by a great team including his wife Marissa who tirelessly works behind the scenes to keep everything running.
Check this club out, regardless if you are a complete beginner, been training in Krav Maga a while, been training in another martial art or you think you are a Super Professor Grand Master 11th Dan... I guarantee you will learn something.
Especially this goes out to any Police, Ambulance or Fire Brigade. You owe it to yourselves to train here.read more
Tom Morgan 2016-06-08T18:32:56+0000
I've been a student with the Institute for over 10years and recently achieved my Black Belt. Simply the best club in...
London for Krav Maga. Fantastic teaching staff with decades of knowledge between them, including an Expert level 3 instructor (who are few and far between!). All levels are made to feel very welcome and the attitude to self defence is first rate. If you want to start a martial art - Krav Maga is the one!read more
Kirsten Leavitt-van Loozen 2016-06-08T15:33:40+0000
If you're looking for Krav Maga training in London then the Institute of Krav Maga UK is the place to be. You simply...
couldn't be in better hands. Joe Ambrosino is an exceptional and very experienced Krav Maga instructor with a pleasant teaching style showing amazing skills, knowledge, dedication and humor. Highly recommended!read more
Glenn Mortelmans 2016-06-08T14:45:44+0000
I first started Krav Maga in 2004 in London. First class I trained with Joe Ambrosino then IKMF. It started off with...
one class a week then two then up to 4 times a week. True Kravvers knows the addiction.
Then 9 years later after a lot of camps and training and experience i went back in home in South Africa and i started a small school and always kept to the high standards and core of Krav Maga that was taught by IKM UK. Joe was always there for support and when he came to visit us he once again proofed to me that to be the best Krav Maga instructor you need to stay humble and Krav Maga focused like he is.
Today we are proudly Institute Krav Maga South Africa and we are growing with the best in the world.
Well done and its a life changing experience to work with you guys and looking forward to an awesome relationship.read more
Paul Kibble 2016-06-08T10:45:04+0000
I really enjoy my time training with the Institute, the instructors are excellent and my fellow students help to make...
if fun. If you are looking for an excellent club to train with contact the Institute....you will not be disappointedread more
Antony George Wells 2016-06-08T08:29:09+0000
I joined the institute after going to watch a class in Hertfordshire and instantly got the bug and wanted to learn...
more. The out going and friendly instructor (Joe) took time and effort in breaking down all aspects of the fighting style and made it fun at the same time.
I would highly recommend and I will be returning soon.
Go down to meet the team and get involved.read more
Sanjeev Mehta 2016-06-08T08:25:56+0000
There are many organisations teaching Krav Maga out there but this one is miles above the rest. The institute provides...
many classes in various locations and genuinely cares about its students. As an instructor for the institute, I am proud to see how our members have improved there skills and are showing commitment and dedication in wanting to learn and train. If you're looking to learn Krav Maga, join us and you won't look back!read more
Joe Ambrosino 2016-06-07T23:48:51+0000
The Best Organisation I Ever Been Part Of. The Institute Of Krav Maga UK Has Changed The Lives Of Thousands Of People...
In The Last Decade In The United Kingdom And Abroad Through Self Defence Training. Be Part Of It You Too!read more
Next Reviews
CONTACT
5th Floor Mortimer Street, London, W1W7RQ 07717415267
info@institute-kravmaga.co.uk
USEFUL LINKS
Our Classes
Book a trial Class
Events
Refer a Friend
Contact
Watch our Video
Copyright All Rights Reserved © 2018, Design and Develop by Webartizum
Contact Us
We're not around right now. But you can send us an email and we'll get back to you, asap.
Not readable? Change text.
I consent to KRAV MAGA collecting my details through this form.
Send
0
×