http://www.tlhheliskiing.com/website-privacy/
Tyax Website Privacy Policy
We Respect YOUR Privacy!
Use of this site, available as tyax.com signifies your agreement to the Terms of Use / Disclaimer. Tyax Lodge & Heliskiing is herein referred to as TL&HS.
What Information Do We Collect?
How Is This Used?
COOKIES
TL&HS uses cookies to store and track your preferences to provide you with a more personalized user experience. A cookie is a message that is sent to your browser from a Web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Most Internet sites use cookies. Cookies make your experience easier by saving your preferences and passwords.
We also use cookies that contain no personal information at all. These cookies, help us estimate our audience size, determine which areas of TL&HS sites are the most popular, and serve targeted advertising.
3RD PARTY COOKIES
Embedded content from other providers may track your interaction with our content. For example, if we embed a video from YouTube. Google will track your interaction. Similarly, a click on a social “share” button will result in a third party tracking that activity – such as LinkedIn, Twitter, Google+ etc. Unfortunately, there is no way around this if you wish to share content socially, or interact with content we have embedded form a 3rd-party.
BLOCKING COOKIES
You can set your browser preferences to reject all cookies but then you may not be able to participate in most customized services, and you may be required to repeatedly log in to participate in various services, promotions, or product offerings.
‘How To Geek’ has a good description on how to block cookies in a variety of browsers.
IP ADDRESS
TL&HSS may also collect IP addresses for the purposes of systems administration or to report information in aggregate form to our advertisers (e.g. how many visitors logged in to a TL&HS site). An IP address is a number that is assigned to your computer automatically when you use the Internet. When you visit a particular TL&HS web page, our servers log your IP address. Your IP address is not linked to anything personally identifiable.
GOOGLE ANALYTICS
We use Google Analytics on this website to track visitor traffic. We have added IP Anonymization to our Google Analytics setup via Google Tag Manager. This setting anonymizes the IP address by removing the last octet of the IP address (your IP becomes 123.123.123.0 — where the last portion/octet is replaced with a ‘0’). This will happen before storage and processing begin. While we do not work directly with businesses in the EU or Switzerland we have done this to address GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation) for visitors to our website from the EU and Switzerland.
Email Subscriptions, Surveys, Etc.
This includes our newsletter subscribers, those who answer our surveys, and those who fill out our questionnaires:
We will never sell or rent our mailing lists to third parties for e-mail marketing or any other purpose. However, we may advertise in our email publications;
We respect the purpose for which our site visitors gave us information;
We send our periodicals only to those who request them. Sometimes people subscribe for their friends, and while we cannot prevent that, we offer information to these subscribers how to easily unsubscribe if requested (see below);
We keep our subscription lists as clean as possible to prevent obsolete e-mails to take unnecessary bandwidth.
SUBSCRIBING
When you subscribe, TL&HS is seeking your consent to receive electronic communications. By providing your or another individual’s personal information to TL&HS or its affiliates, you agree, and confirm your authority from such other individual to our collection, use and disclosure of such personal information in accordance with our privacy policy.
UNSUBSCRIBING
You can withdraw your consent in whole or in part at any time as follows:
Click the “Unsubscribe” link contained in every email sent out.
You can also send us a message requesting to unsubscribe by contacting us via these options:
Contact us by postal mail at 1 Tyaughton Lake Road, Gold Bridge, British Columbia V0K 1P0 Canada
Email us at sales(at)tyax(dot)com
Call our Sales Department in Canada at 1.250.238.2221
Questions or Comments?
Please contact us if you have any questions or comments regarding the Privacy Policy for tyax.com.
Newsletter
Sign up for last minute availabilities, deals, and updates from Tyax.
All Tyax Lodge & Heliskiing Newsletters
Summer at Tyax
Winter at Tyax
Operations Update
A Note To Our Guests About Summer & Winter Operations
Read Update