http://www.uffdaclub.com/page/legal-and-privacy/
Legal Statement - Site Disclaimer/Terms of Use
List of Domains
uffdaclub.com
Copyright and Trademarks and Patents Unless otherwise noted, product names,
designs, logos, titles, text, images, animations, color combinations, button shapes,
layout, audio, video, and HTML code within this web site are the trademarks, service
marks, trade names, copyrights or other property of
United Foundation For Disabled Archers Copyright 2020.
United Foundation For Disabled Archers ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. All other unregistered and registered
trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Nothing contained on this
web site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise,
any license or right to distribute, modify, transmit, use, reuse, or re-post any
of
United Foundation For Disabled Archers Intellectual Property displayed on this web site without
the express written permission of
United Foundation For Disabled Archers.
No Warranties and Limits of Liabilities Information and documents provided
on this web site are provided "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express
or implied, including without limitation warranties of merchantability, fitness
for a particular purpose, and noninfringement.
United Foundation For Disabled Archers uses reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date
information on this web site; it does not, however, make any warranties or representations
as to its accuracy or completeness.
United Foundation For Disabled Archersperiodically adds, changes, improves, or updates the information
and documents on this web site without notice.
United Foundation For Disabled Archers assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors
or omissions in the content of this web site. Your use of this web site is at your
own risk. Under no circumstances and under no legal theory shall
United Foundation For Disabled Archers, its suppliers, or any other party involved in creating,
producing, or delivering this web site's contents be liable to you or any other
person for any indirect, direct, special, incidental, or consequential damages arising
from your access to, or use of, this web site.
Making Purchases If you wish to make purchases of products or services described
on this web site, you may be asked by to supply certain information, including but
not limited to credit card or other payment information. You agree that all information
that you provide here will be accurate, complete and current. You agree to pay all
charges incurred by users of your account and credit card or other payment mechanism
at the prices in effect when such charges are incurred. Moreover, you agree to review
and to comply with the terms and conditions of any specific agreement that you enter
into with
United Foundation For Disabled Archers
in connection with the purchase of any product or service.
Communications With This Web Site You are encouraged to communicate with
this site where applicable. You are prohibited from transmitting any unlawful, threatening,
libelous, defamatory, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic, or profane
material or any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be
considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate
any law.
United Foundation For Disabled Archers will fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities
or court order requesting or directing
United Foundation For Disabled Archers to disclose the identity of or help identify or locate
anyone transmitting any such information or materials. Although
United Foundation For Disabled Archers
United Foundation For Disabled Archers is under no obligation to do so and assumes no responsibility
or liability arising from the content of any such locations nor for any error, defamation,
libel, slander, omission, falsehood, obscenity, pornography, profanity, danger,
or inaccuracy contained in any information within such locations on this web site.
United Foundation For Disabled Archers assumes no responsibility or liability for any actions
or communications by you or any unrelated third party within or outside of this
web site.
United Foundation For Disabled Archers reserves the right to modify or remove any and all information
posted to its web sites.
Privacy Policy
The policies below are applicable to the
United Foundation For Disabled Archers online service (the "Service") produced and
maintained by
United Foundation For Disabled Archers.
United Foundation For Disabled Archers collects personally identifying information during
registrations for (a)
United Foundation For Disabled Archers (b) subscriptions to the
United Foundation For Disabled Archers, or (c) online purchases. In addition, information
is collected in certain portions of the Service in which guests specifically and
knowingly provide such information along with content submissions, questions from
the members of the
United Foundation For Disabled Archers, and additional comments and suggestions.United Foundation For Disabled Archers
may use such information for its internal purposes, including but not limited to
editorial and feedback purposes. Information submitted at the time of registration
or submission may be used for marketing and promotional purposes
United Foundation For Disabled Archers and may be shared with companies that have been prescreened
by
United Foundation For Disabled Archers. If a guest objects to such use for any reason, he/she
may stop that use - either by e-mail request or by modifying his/her registration
information online. Cookies are pieces of information that a Web site transfers
to an individual's hard drive for record-keeping purposes while at the site. Cookies
make Web-surfing easier by, among other things, saving your passwords, purchases,
and preferences for you. The use of cookies is an industry standard, and you'll
find cookies at most major Web sites. Cookies improve
United Foundation For Disabled Archers web sites by showing how and when guests use the site.
Many content improvements and updates are based on such data as total number of
visitors and pages viewed. This information is most easily tracked with cookies.
Here are some other examples of how
United Foundation For Disabled Archers uses cookies:
A cookie lets the Service remember that you've registered, which allows us to speed
up your future activities at our sites.
Similarly, the
United Foundation For Disabled Archers Store uses a temporary cookie to track which products you've
selected while shopping. The cookie expires once you're done shopping. Letting it
do the record-keeping saves you the trouble of entering information over and over
again during a single visit. If you decline this cookie, you may have difficulty
ordering your selections.
The cookie itself does not contain any personally identifying information although
it may enable
United Foundation For Disabled Archers to relate a user's use of the Service to personally identifying
information that has previously been submitted by the user, if any.
You may occasionally get cookies from our advertisers. These cookies are sent from
third-party computers and are subject to such third parties' policies. The
United Foundation For Disabled Archers web site contains links to third party web sites including
vendors of our recommended products and gear. We cannot verify the validity of the
information on these sites, be held liable for any content included on those sites,
or the handling of your private information by those sites.
United Foundation For Disabled Archers reserves the right to change this policy at any time by
notifying guests, through a notice posted on the Service or by email, of the existence
of a new privacy policy or any updates.
ATTENTION KIDS:
IF YOU ARE UNDER THE AGE OF 18, YOU MUST GET PERMISSION FROM YOUR PARENT OR LEGAL
GUARDIAN BEFORE YOU DO ANY OF THE FOLLOWING ON OR THROUGH THE SERVICE:
SEND ANY INFORMATION ABOUT YOURSELF OR OTHERS
BUY ANYTHING
View the UFFDA Photo Gallery
More Photos
Membership Information
For as little as $20 per year you can join the United Foundation for Disabled Archers
and begin helping physically challenged individuals in their love or archery and
bowhunting. Simply fill out a Membership Form and send it back to our office along
with your membership dues.
Single Membership
$20.00
Couple Membership
$36.00
Family Membership
$50.00
Lifetime Membership
$500.00
Become A Member