https://www.iowaspeedway.com/privacy-policy-2/
Search
Contact Us
LOGIN
Skip to content
BUY TICKETS
PRIVACY POLICY
Information Collection and Use
Iowa Speedway is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. Iowa Speedway collects information from our users at several different points on our website.
Registration
In order to use portions of this Web site, a user must first complete the registration form. During registration, a user is required to give their contact information (such as name and e-mail address). This information is used to contact the user about the services on our site for which they have expressed interest. It is optional for the user to provide demographic information (such as income level and gender), and unique identifiers, but encouraged so we can provide a more personalized experience on our site.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s hard drive containing information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. Once the user closes their browser, the cookie simply terminates. For instance, by setting a cookie on our site, the user would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. If a user rejects the cookie, they may still use our site (with limitations where cookies are required).
Sharing
We will share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual, unless the individual provided consent during registration of services.
We partner with other parties to provide specific services. When the user signs up for these services, we will share names, or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services. These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.
Links
This Web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we at Iowa Speedway are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our site requests information from users via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as ZIP code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Security
This Web site takes every precaution to protect our users’ information. When users submit sensitive information via the Web site, your information is protected both online and off-line.
Supplementation of Information
In order for this Web site to enhance its ability to tailor the site to an individual’s preference, we combine information about the purchasing habits of users with similar information from our partners.
Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter or promotional materials from our partners may opt-out of receiving these communications by clicking the opt-out link in the e-mail or by sending a remove request to us at tickets@iowaspeedway.com. Please note that by removing your name from the newsletter database, you may be ineligible for certain promotions and other offers.
Users of our site are always notified when their information is being collected by any outside parties. We do this so our users can make an informed choice as to whether they should proceed with services that require an outside party, or not.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our Privacy Policy Page so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under which circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an e-mail. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.