http://www.tammymcdonaldtraining.com/public/privacy.pl
Menu
Home
Training
Lessons
Clinics
Horse Camps
Birthday Parties
Sale Geldings
Sale Mares
Sale Stallions
Our Photo Site
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to
enter your: name or e-mail address. You may, however, visit our site
anonymously.This site uses a tool which collects your requests
for pages and passes elements of them to search engines to assist them in
indexing this site. We control the configuration of the tool and are
responsible for any information sent to the search engines.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve customer service(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, will only be used
to send you information and updates pertaining to your order.
If you decide to opt-in to our mailing list, you will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information
is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Database to be only accessed by those authorized with special access rights to our systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies?
We do not use cookies.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties? We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who
assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you,
so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may
also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply
with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights,
property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information
may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in
compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will
not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your
consent.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy
Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years
of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are
at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only This online privacy
policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to
information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use,
disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at
Terms of Use
Your Consent By using our
site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy If we decide to
change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us
using the information below. webmaster@tammymcdonaldtraining.com
Back to Top | Admin | Contact Us
Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2010 Michael Chovan, JAPH