http://www.driftgolfclub.com/privacy-policy/
Contact us today    t: 01483 284641
Book a Tee Time
Member’s Log-in
Privacy PolicyHomePrivacy Policy
Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy for The Drift Golf Club in East Horsley
This website is brought to you by The Drift Golf CLub, whose registered office is at Ground Floor, Afon House, Worthing Road, Horsham West Sussex RH12 1TL and registered number 3353424. Our Trading and Postal address is The Drift Golf Club, East Horsley, Surrey, KT24 5HD. We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. By visiting driftgolfclub.com (the Site) you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this policy.
For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 up to and including 31 March 2019 and the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 thereafter (the Data Protection Legislation), we are the data controller (i.e. the company who is responsible for, and controls the processing of, your personal data) with registration number ZA142960.
Information collected
1.1 We collect personal information from:
1.1.1 visitors to the site; and
1.1.2 every time you e-mail us your details or correspond with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise.
1.2 This includes information you provide when you register to use our Site, subscribe to our service, enquire about an event, place a reservation on our Site, participate in discussion boards or other social media functions on our Site or enter a competition, promotion or survey, and if you report a problem with our Site. The information you give us may include your name, address, e-mail address and phone number and financial and credit card information.
1.3 With regard to each of your visits to our Site we may automatically collect the following information:
1.3.1 technical information, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform;
1.3.2 information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from our Site (including date and time); products you viewed or searched for; page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page;
1.3.3 this information helps us to build a profile of our users. Some of this data will be aggregated or statistical, which means that we will not be able to identify you individually.
1.4 Information we receive from other sources
We may receive information about you if you use any of the other group websites we operate or the other services we provide. In this case we will have informed you when we collected that data that it may be shared internally and combined with data collected on this Site. We are also working closely with third parties (including, for example, business partners, sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers, search information providers, credit reference agencies) and may receive information about you from them which we will add to the information which we already hold about you in order to help us provide goods and services and to improve your experience with us.
Information about other individuals
If you give us information on behalf of someone else, you confirm that the other person has appointed you to act on his/her behalf and has agreed that you can give consent on his/her behalf to the processing of his or her personal data and receive on his/her behalf any data protection notices.
Monitoring
We may monitor and record communications with you (such as telephone conversations and emails) for the purpose of quality assurance, training, fraud prevention and compliance.
Use of personal Information
4.1 We process the personal information you have provided to us for the purposes of:
4.1.1 dealing with your requests;
4.1.2 providing reservation services;
4.1.3 carrying out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us;
4.1.4 notifying you about changes to our service;
4.1.5 to ensuring that content from our Site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
4.1.6 tailoring our services to your requirements and preferences;
4.1.7 conducting market research surveys; and
4.1.8 providing you with information about products and services we offer.
4.2 We process personal information we have collected about you for the purposes of:
4.2.1 administering our Site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
4.2.2 improving our Site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
4.2.3 allowing you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so;
4.2.4 our efforts to keep our Site safe and secure;
4.2.5 measuring or understanding the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you; and
4.2.6 making suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of our Site about goods or services that may interest you or them.
4.2.7 sending you marketing communications relating to our business which we think may be of interest to you, where you have specifically agreed to this or in order to meet our legitimate interests where this does not override your interests and fundamental rights, by post, email or similar technology (you can inform us at any time if you no longer require marketing communications).
4.3 Where we have received personal information from other sources, we may combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you. We may us this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive).
Disclosures
5.1 We may share your personal information with any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006.
5.2 We may share your information with selected third parties including:
5.2.1 business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with them or you; and
5.2.2 analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our Site.
5.3 We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
5.3.1 in the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets;
5.3.2 if all, or substantially all, of our assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by us about our customers will be one of the transferred assets; and
5.3.3 if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Data Retention
6.1 This section sets out our data retention policies and procedure, which are designed to help ensure that we comply with our legal obligations in relation to the retention and deletion of personal information.
6.2 Personal information that we keep for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose and those purposes.
6.3 Notwithstanding the other provisions of this section, we will retain documents (including electronic documents) containing personal data:
a.to the extent that we are required to do so by law;
if we believe that the documents may be relevant to any ongoing or prospective legal proceedings;
c.in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk); and
to support the ongoing business purposes of The Drift Golf Club (with due consideration for the rights and freedoms of individuals privacy).
6.4 If you would like further details of how personal data is retained by our organisation please contact manager@driftgolfclub.com.
Internet Based Transfers
Given that the Internet is a global environment, using the Internet to collect and process personal data necessarily involves the transmission of data on an international basis. Therefore, by browsing this web site and communicating electronically with us, you acknowledge and agree to our processing personal data in this way.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. You acknowledge that the transmission of information over the internet is inherently insecure, and we cannot guarantee the security of data sent to us over the internet.
8.1 Use of Cookies on this Website
The Drift Website may use cookies. A “cookie” is a piece of software which is attached to the hard drive of your computer and remembers information about the configuration of your computer.
The Drift Golf Club uses this information to enhance the website’s performance in a number of ways including providing a secure way for The Drift Golf Club to verify your identity during your visit to the website and to personalise your experience on the website.
The Drift Golf Club also uses this information to track your movements through the website. Personal information about you is not collected during the tracking process.
You can disable cookies by turning them off on your web browser. Most browsers are defaulted to accept and maintain cookies and you can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it or not.
8.2 How to turn off cookies
If you do not want to accept cookies, you can change your browser settings so that cookies are not accepted. If you do this, please be aware that you may lose some of the functionality of this website. For further information about cookies and how to disable them please go to: www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.
8.3 Where we store your personal data
The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. Such staff maybe engaged in, among other things, the fulfilment of your order, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Any payment transactions will be encrypted using TLS. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our Site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
8.4 This Web Site is Not Directed at Persons Under the Age of 18
Our web site is not directed at persons under the age of 18, and The Drift does not collect or maintain information at our Web site from persons we actually know are under the age of 18.
Your rights
9.1 Marketing
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for direct marketing purposes. We will ask you when we collect your personal data if we can use your data for such purposes or if we can disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can opt-out of receiving such marketing at any time.
9.2 Access to information
Data Protection Legislation gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with Data Protection Legislation.
9.3 Right to be Forgotten
In certain circumstances you can request us to delete all information we hold which identifies you. You can make this request at any time by contacting us at manager@driftgolfclub.com but please note we may be compelled to maintain your information due to specific legislative or regulatory requirements, for example we keep copy invoices in case of an HMRC investigation.
9.4 Data Corrections
You have the right to require us to correct any inaccuracies in your data free of charge. You can also exercise this right at any time by contacting us at manager@driftgolfclub.com and:
9.4.1 providing us with enough information to identify you (e.g. account number, username, registration details); and
9.4.2 specifying the information that is incorrect and what it should be replaced with.
9.5 Third Party Links
Our Site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Changes to our privacy policy
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to manager@driftgolfclub.com
Privacy Preferences
I Agree