http://www.flexiski.com/website-terms-and-conditions/
Destinations
your ski break
Destinations
Austria
Resorts
Bad Hofgastein
Kaprun
Kitzbuhel
Mayrhofen
Obergurgl
St Anton
Zell am See
See all Resorts
Canada
Resorts
Banff
Whistler
See all Resorts
France
Resorts
Avoriaz
Chamonix
Courchevel
La Clusaz
Les Arcs
Les Deux Alpes
Meribel
Tignes
Val d'Isere
Val Thorens
See all Resorts
Italy
Resorts
Courmayeur
Sauze d'Oulx
See all Resorts
Norway
Resorts
Geilo
Myrkdalen
Norefjell
Trysil
See all Resorts
Switzerland
Resorts
Andermatt
Champéry
Engelberg
Grindelwald
Wengen
See all Resorts
See all Destinations
Tailor-made Itineraries
Fancy skiing multiple resorts in one trip or adding a city stop off onto your ski break? Look no further.
Tailor-made Ski Itineraries
Inspiration
and advice
Blog
Advice
Bucket list
FAQs
Ski weekends
Multi-stop ski breaks
Ski chalets
Ski apartments
Group ski holidays
Corporate ski breaks
Luxury ski breaks
Affordable ski breaks
Ski Weekends
Limited by the time you can get away for? Don't want to travel on a Saturday? No problem. We're experts at planning short breaks & ski weekends.
Find out more
Offers
and guide pricing
Winter 2021/22
Groups
Canada
Japan
About
flexiski
In safe hands
The chalet experience
How to book with flexiski
Meet the team
Work for flexiski
Our partners
Press
Contact us
In safe hands
This winter, to give you extra peace of mind, we've put extra measures in place to help keep you and your money safe.
Find out more
WishlistYour favourite places
Search
Manage My Booking
Enquire
Menu
Wishlist
My booking
01483 791130
01483 791130
Open at 9:00am today
Wishlist
Enquire
Search
Search
My booking
We're now closed but you can still enquire online
Call us on 0330 332 2252
from 9:00am today
Contact us online
I want to discover somewhere new
1. Traveller type
Flying solo or bringing along the grand kids? Let us know so we can find the best options for you.
Couple
Family
Group
2. Ski ability
This isn't your opportunity to boast, we don't want to send you to an adrenalin junkies playground when you're still finding your ski legs.
Mixed ability
3. Holiday type
No need to select every option just a couple of the most desired to help us in our search for your perfect place.
Short breaks
Short transfer
Groups
Après
Ski in, ski out
Relaxing
Foodies
Families
Short breaks
Short transfer
Groups
Après
Ski in, ski out
Relaxing
Foodies
Families
Amaze me
Home
Website T&C's
Website Terms & Conditions
These Website Terms and Conditions will apply to:- Your use of our website- Our contact with youThis Flexiski website (“Website”) is owned and operated by Hotelplan Limited (“we”, “us”, “our”) a company registered in England and Wales with its Registered Office at Mountain House, Station Road, Godalming, Surrey, GU7 1EX (company number 350786) and which trades under a number of brands. We are a member of the Hotelplan Group of companies. We are fully bonded by the Civil Aviation Authority under the Air Travel Organisers Licence (ATOL) with ATOL number 0025. We are also members of the Association of British Travel Agents and our membership number is V4871.Please ensure that you review all of the following sections of our Website Terms and Conditions carefully before using our Website – your use of and access to any page or part of our Website indicates that you agree to comply with and be bound by all of these terms and conditions.If you do not agree to our Website Terms and Conditions you will not be permitted to access or use our Website.
YOUR USE OF OUR WEBSITE
Authorised Use
You may only use this Website:- for your own personal, non-commercial use only (which will at all times be reasonable and not abusive); or- to obtain information on, check the suitability and availability of our products and services; or- for purposes legitimately connected with purchasing our products and services; or- to access or retrieve your travel information and/or booking data, manage your preferences or to get into contact with us about your bookings or travel arrangements; or- submit and share your views, reviews and comments on our products and services.
Non-Authorised Use
You agree that you shall not:- access, extract, use or copy any material or information on this Website for any commercial purpose or for any purposes which are unlawful. In particular, you are not allowed to copy (whether by printing off, storing on disk or in any other way), distribute (including distributing copies), alter or tamper with in any way or use any material contained in this Website except that you may print off any individual page for your own personal use; or- use this Website in a way that causes or may cause an infringement of the rights of any other party or which breaches any standards, regulations or codes published by any relevant authority; or- use this Website in any way that interferes with or affects the performance of the Website or our systems or which interferes in any way with other users use of the Website; or- gain, or attempt to gain, any unauthorised access to our Website, our other systems and/or to the personal data, information or booking data of other users and customers; or- make any unauthorised, false or fraudulent reservation on this Website.
Ownership and Use Of Material and Information On Our Website
This Website displays registered and unregistered intellectual property such as brands, designs, data, content, copyright material and trademarks, with rights in the United Kingdom and/or other countries and which belong to us or to companies within the Hotelplan Group or which have been licensed to us. Other product and company names mentioned and third party content displayed on this Website are proprietary to their respective owners. You are not licensed to use any of the marks on our Website unless written permission is granted, and you may not meta tag any of these marks.Unless otherwise stated, we own (or are licensed to use) the intellectual property rights in the content and information in this Website, including (without limitation) all text, sound, photographs, images, logos, videos, maps, podcasts, blogs, customer reviews, graphics, design, underlying source code and software. Subject to the “Authorised Use” section above, material and information, either whole or in part, from this Website may not be reproduced, copied, republished, downloaded, posted, broadcast or transmitted in any form or medium without our and/or the appropriate owner's prior written permission.
Links
If you wish to include a link to our Website, unless you have our written permission, you may only do so to our homepage.This Website contains links to other websites that may either be websites operated by companies or brands which are members of the Hotelplan Group of companies or external websites operated by our selected suppliers or partners or other third party websites. Occasionally as you browse, book travel arrangements or use the functionality on this Website we may provide you with links or connect you to websites which may be our branded or third party branded sites. These links or connections are made available so you can search for and purchase additional services, find out further information on our services and your personal travel arrangements quickly and easily and find out about the products and services of our other group companies and brands. Please note that we are not responsible for nor do we endorse the content of these websites and your access and use of these websites will be subject to the terms and conditions of those websites.
Website Facilities
We have made available various services, tools and functionality on this Website for your use. The information set out by us on these pages tells you how you can use these services, tools and functionality to find out about and book our products (as well as those provided by our selected partners), view content provided by us, interact with us and submit and share views with other customers. Your use of this Website in these ways is subject to these Website Terms and Conditions.
OUR CONTACT WITH YOU
Information About You, Data Protection, Privacy Policy and Cookies
We will store and use the information you supply us or which is supplied to us in your use of this Website ("your information") for the purposes set out in our Privacy Policy. You will be/would have been asked to agree to our use of your information at the appropriate time. If you do not agree, we cannot interact with you or accept your booking.Information about cookies and their use by us on this Website can be found in our Statement on Cookies.
GENERAL
Statutory Rights
These terms and conditions do not affect your statutory rights.
Updates and Changes
We may remove or make changes to the products, information, content, materials, tools and features on this Website at any time without liability and without notice to you. We also reserve the right to immediately terminate or suspend your use of or access to this Website at any time and without notice if we consider that you have breached any of our Terms and Conditions. We may also change or modify all of any parts of our Terms and Conditions at any time and such changes or modifications shall be effective immediately upon their publication. You should review these regularly to ensure you are familiar with the most up to date version. Browsing and continuing to access or use our Website constitutes your acceptance of the updated terms and conditions and you agree to by bound by the updated terms and conditions.
Disclaimer
To the maximum extent permitted by law, we disclaim all warranties, whether express or implied by statute, custom or usage relating to the information contained in this Website and we shall not be liable for any losses or damages whatsoever, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), or otherwise arising from this website, or from any interruption or delay in accessing this Website.
Governing Law
This Website has been designed for use within the United Kingdom. By accessing this Website you are agreeing that the Courts of England will deal with any disputes which may arise between you and us, and that English law shall be the applicable law.By entering, accessing or using our website in any way, you agree to comply with all of our terms and conditions. In addition, when you book any products from us, you will do so subject to the terms and conditions on this page, and as set out in Booking Terms and Conditions and to such further terms and conditions as may be applied by the hotel where you will be staying (together, the "Conditions of Contract").
LAST UPDATED: June 2019 © Hotelplan Limited 2019
Newsletter signup
Keep up to date with all the latest flexiski news
Subscribe to newsletter