http://www.sua.org.au/privacy-policy.html
Home
About SUA
Objectives & Principles
History
Life Members
Awards
Privacy Policy
Partnerships
Coaching and Management Team
Management Team
Umpiring Coaching Panel
Umpiring Information
Latest Info Updates
Umpiring Documents
Footy Web Registration
Umpire Accreditation
Tribunal Procedure
Membership Renewal
Events and Training
Events & Functions
Training Venues
Latest Training Information
Appointments
Weekly Appointments
Schedula Appointments
NFNL Grand Final Appts
PFNL Grand Final Appts
SEFNL Grand Final Appts
Observers Forms
Contact Details
Payroll Contact & Match Day Feedback
Request for Practice Match
New Umpire Enquiry
FAQs
Contact Us
PRIVACY POLICY
Southern Umpires Association Privacy Statement
Welcome to the Southern Umpires Association.
1.
Protecting your Privacy
1.1
The Southern Umpires Association Incorporated (“SUA”) are committed to providing you with the highest levels of customer service. This includes protecting your privacy.
1.2
SUA is bound by the Commonwealth Privacy Act 1988 , except in relation to our activities carried on in the course of journalism. The Privacy Act and this Statement sets out a number of principles concerning the protection of your personal information in relation to the SUA's other activities.
1.3
While SUA is exempt from complying with the Privacy Act in relation to its journalism activities on the Web Site, SUA publicly commits to comply with the Australian Press Council Privacy Standards which deal with privacy and the use of personal information in the context of those journalism activities. Further information about those standards can be obtained at Australian Press Council.
1.4
Set out below is information that the Privacy Act requires SUA to communicate to all users of the Web Sites. We recommend that you keep this information for future reference.
2.
About us
2.1
The SUA is one of Victorian Country Football's leading umpiring organisations and is responsible for supplying field, boundary and goal umpires to the Mornington Peninsula Nepean Football League incorporating the Casey-Cardina Football League, Peninsula Football League, Nepean Football League and the Mornington Peninsula Junior Football League.
3.
Your personal information
3.1
We may hold a variety of personal information about you, which may include your name, date of birth, current and previous addresses, telephone/mobile phone number, e-mail address, bank account, occupation, your SUA Username or password and any other PIN or password used by you to access material on the Web Sites.
3.2
Occasionally, you may need to provide personal information about other individuals to SUA (e.g. about your authorised representatives). If so, we rely on you to inform those individuals that you are providing their personal information to SUA and advise them that we can be contacted for further information - see part 13 ("How to contact us") below.
3.3
If you choose not to provide personal information to us, we may not be able to provide you with access to the Web Sites or to the content, products and services available on or from the Web Sites.
4.
How we collect personal information
4.1
SUA collects personal information about you in a number of ways, including:
(a)
directly from you, when you provide information by phone, email, online (eg, on or via the Web Site) or in documents such as an application form;
(b)
from publicly available sources of information;
(c)
from the organisations identified below under "When we disclose your personal information";
(d)
from its own records of how you use your SUA services, the Web Site and the content and services available from the Web Sites; and
(e)
when legally required to do so.
4.2
SUA also collects personal information about you when you access and use the Web Site. This is described further in part 5 ("How we collect personal information from the Web Sites") below.
5.
How we collect personal information from the Web Sites
5.1
When you visit the Web Sites, our web servers record anonymous information such as the time, date and URL of the request. This information assists SUA to improve the structure of the Web Sites and to monitor their performance
5.2
SUA may also use "cookies" on the Web Sites. Cookies are an industry standard and most major web sites use them. A cookie is a small text file that the Web Site may place on your computer. Usually, cookies are used as a means for the Web Site to remember your preferences. As such, cookies are designed to improve your experience of the SUA Web Site.
5.3
In some cases, cookies may collect and store personal information about you. SUA extends the same privacy protection to your personal information, whether gathered via cookies or from other sources. You can adjust your Internet browser to disable cookies or to warn you when cookies are being used. However, if you disable cookies, you may not be able to access certain areas of the Web Site or take advantage of the improved web site experience that cookies offer.
5.4
SUA uses GoldenIT Weblizer to analyse usage statistics on our websites. This analysis is performed using data collected from the website. This analysis is used to improve the web experience of our users.
5.5
SUA may also collect Internet Protocol (IP) addresses relating to you when you access and use the Web Sites. IP addresses are assigned to computers on the Internet to uniquely identify them within the global network of computers which makes up the Internet. We may collect and manage IP addresses as part of the service of providing internet session management and for security purposes.
6.
Passwords and usernames
6.1
We may issue you with various usernames or passwords to allow you to access some of the content and information on the Web Sites.
6.2
While we will make every reasonable effort to ensure that your usernames and passwords not disclosed to other people, you are ultimately responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your usernames and passwords and for ensuring that no one except you uses these usernames and passwords.
7.
How we use your personal information
7.1
Your personal information my be used by us to:
(a)
give you access to the Web Site and the other content, products and services available from the Web Site;
(b)
enter you into our competitions and promotions;
(c)
administer and manage the Web Site, including charging, billing and collecting debts;
(d)
inform you of changes to the Web Sites or to the content, products and services available from the Web Site;
(e)
research and develop the Web Site and our other services;
(f)
gain an understanding of your information and communication needs in order for us to provide you with improved Web Site, content and services; and
(g)
maintain and develop our business systems and infrastructure, including testing and upgrading of these systems.
8.
When we discuss your personal information
8.1
We may disclose your personal information to each other and to organisations outside SUA for the purposes set out in part 7 ("How we use your personal information") above. Telstra takes reasonable steps to ensure that these organisations are bound by confidentiality and privacy obligations in relation to the protection of your personal information.
8.2
The outside organisations to which we disclose information include:
(a)
outsourced service providers involved in the operation and management of the Web Site or the other services we provide to you, including those involved in:
(i)
content and service development;
(ii)
customer enquiries;
(iii)
mailing systems;
(iv)
billing and debt-recovery functions;
(v)
installation, maintenance and repair services;
(vi)
market research;
(b)
your representatives (eg your authorised representatives or legal advisers);
(c)
our professional advisers, including our accountants, auditors and lawyers;
(d)
government and regulatory authorities and other organisations, as required or authorised by law;
(e)
organisations involved in managing our corporate risk and funding functions (eg securitisation).
9.
Help us to ensure we hold accurate information
9.1
We each take all reasonable precautions to ensure that the personal information we collect, use and disclose is accurate, complete and up-to-date. However, the accuracy of that information we hold depends to a large extent on the information you provide. That's why we recommend that you:
(a)
let us know if there are any errors in your personal information; and
(b)
keep us up to date with changes to personal information such as your name or address
(see 'How to contact us' below)
10.
You can access your personal information
10.1
You have a right to access your personal information, subject to some exceptions allowed by law. If you would like to do so, please let us know. You may be required to put your request in writing for security reasons - see part 13 ("How to contact us") below.
10.2
We each reserve the right to charge a fee for searching for and providing access to your information.
11.
Children's privacy
11.1
Children's privacy is very important to us. We ask that children under 18 years of age obtain a parent or guardian's consent before accessing or using the Web Site.
11.2
While we will make every reasonable effort to ensure that children's privacy and other rights are not compromised, it is ultimately the responsibility of parents to monitor their children's Internet usage.
12.
Changes to our Privacy Statement
12.1
From time to time, we may need to change this Privacy Statement to reflect our changing business practices. We may change the Privacy Statement at any time by posting the changed Privacy Statement on our web site at and by posting a notice to users on the homepage of that web site stating that a change has occurred.
12.2
All personal information collected and held by us will be governed by our most recent Privacy Statement, as posted on our web site at www.sua.org.au.
13.
How to contact us
13.1
If you have any questions in realtion to privacy, please contact SUA on (03) 9786 7186.
13.2
Alternatively, you can write to SUA Privacy Manager at PO Box 278, Seaford, Vic 3198 or by email.
SUA Privacy Statement - April 2006
Southern Umpires Association Incorporated - ABN 57 852 366 758
Major Partners
Latest Tweets:
As part of the Community Umpiring round, we will have AFL Umpire Visitors tonight at Seaford Training Venue from 6pm.
590 days ago
Field/ Boundary: Anyone got whiter boots than these?
Goal Umps: Got any blacker?
Post for a free drink Wednesday...
Must be your boots!
592 days ago
Big Season ahead for our friends in the King Island League. Who’s your pick for the flag? https://t.co/4yOG8qte2i
593 days ago
Home | Contact Us | Site Map | Print this page | Top of page
Phone: 1300 UMPIRE (1300 867 473) Address: Kananook Oval, McCulloch Avenue, Seaford, Victoria, Australia, 3198
Copyright © 2020 Southern Umpires Association
Designed by Bloomtools