http://www.gokickball.com/terms-and-conditions.html
2
51
6083
Go Kick Ball
Home
Join EMAIL LIST
FAQs
Select A City
Start a Company Team
Start a League
Partners
About GKB
Contact GKB
Terms And Conditions
This shall serve as the Legal Notice and Privacy Policy for GOkickball, LLC (herein "GO Sports Unlimited"), the GO Sports Unlimited internet web sites and any other associated GO Sports Unlimited sites. Before using this Site you should read these Terms and Conditions carefully as you declare your consent and agreement to these Terms and Conditions when using this Site. If you do not agree to the Terms and/or Conditions, please do not use this site.
The Site is owned and operated by GOkickball, LLC organized under the laws of the state of Georgia (principle office is located in Atlanta, GA). GO Sports Unlimited maintains the Site for your personal entertainment, information and further for communication to its registered participants. Please feel free to browse in the Site. You may download material displayed on the Site for non-commercial, personal use at home only, provided you keep intact all copyright, trademark and other proprietary notices. You may not, however, copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit or distribute in any way the contents of this Site including the text, images, audio and video for public, nonprofit, or commercial purposes, without prior written permission from GO Sports Unlimited.
Legal Notice Terms and Conditions
GO Sports Unlimited grants you permission to view this Site and to print individual pages from this Site for your own personal, noncommercial use, provided that you agree to and accept without modification the notices, terms and conditions set forth in this agreement. You may not modify, copy (except as set forth in the preceding sentence), distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer or sell any information, material, pictures, software, products or services from this Site.
Your use of this Site constitutes your agreement and acceptance without modification of the notices, terms and conditions set forth herein. In addition, as a condition of your use of this Site, you represent and warrant to GO Sports Unlimited that you will not use this Site for any purpose that is unlawful, immoral or prohibited by these terms, conditions and notices. If you do not agree and accept without modification the notices, terms and conditions set forth herein, do not use this Site. Other than this agreement and agreements between you and GO Sports Unlimited relating to the sale of products or services to you through this Site, GO Sports Unlimited will not enter into any agreement with you or obligation to you through this Site and no attempt to create such an agreement or obligation will be effective.
While our goal is a 100 percent error-free Site, we do not guarantee that any content is accurate or complete. GO Sports Unlimited reserves the right to revoke any stated offer and to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions. GO Sports Unlimited does not ensure that all sponsors' deals are accurate and current. The user of this Site must contact each individual sponsor directly to ensure the accuracy and validity of each sponsor deal or promotion.
This Site may contain links to Sites owned or operated by parties other than GO Sports Unlimited. Such links are provided for your reference only. GO Sports Unlimited does not control outside Sites and is not responsible for their content. GO Sports Unlimited's inclusion of links to an outside Site does not imply any endorsement of the material on the Site or, unless expressly disclosed otherwise, any sponsorship, affiliation or association with its owner, operator or sponsor, nor does GO Sports Unlimited's inclusion of the links imply that GO Sports Unlimited is authorized to use any trade name, trademark, logo, legal or official seal or copyrighted symbol that may be reflected in the linked Site.
All logos, pictures and graphics displayed on the Site are owned by GO Sports Unlimited. Nothing contained on the Site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any trademark displayed on the Site without the expressed written permission of GO Sports Unlimited or such third party that may own the trademarks displayed on the Site. GO Sports Unlimited retains and reserves sole rights to its intellectual property.
THE INFORMATION AND MATERIALS IN THIS SITE ARE PROVIDED FOR YOUR REVIEW IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE NOTICES, TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH HEREIN. THESE MATERIALS DO NOT NECESSARILY REFLECT THE OPINIONS OF GO SPORTS UNLIMITED OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES OR AGENTS. THESE MATERIALS ARE NOT GUARANTEED OR REPRESENTED TO BE COMPLETE, CORRECT OR UP-TO-DATE. YOU MAY NOT ACT OR RELY ON ANY INFORMATION OR MATERIALS IN THIS SITE. THESE MATERIALS MAY BE CHANGED FROM TIME TO TIME WITHOUT NOTICE.
GO SPORTS UNLIMITED SHALL NOT HAVE ANY LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THE CONTENT OF THIS SITE, FOR YOUR ACTION OR INACTION IN CONNECTION WITH THIS SITE OR FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER OR DATA OR ANY OTHER DAMAGE YOU MAY INCUR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS SITE. YOUR USE OF THIS SITE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER GO SPORTS UNLIMITED, ITS AFFILIATES OR AGENTS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THE USE OF THIS SITE, THE MATERIALS IN THIS SITE, THE DELAY OR INABILITY TO USE THIS SITE OR OTHERWISE ARISING IN CONNECTION WITH THIS SITE, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF ANY SUCH DAMAGES.
SOME STATES AND/OR JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
You agree that this agreement and your use of this Site are governed by the laws of the State of Georgia, USA. You hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the courts, tribunals, agencies and other dispute resolution organizations in Atlanta, Georgia, USA in all disputes (a) arising out of, relating to, or concerning this Site and/or this agreement, (b) in which this Site and/or this agreement is an issue or a material fact, or (c) in which this Site and/or this agreement is referenced in a paper filed in a court, tribunal, agency or other dispute resolution organization. Use of this Site is unauthorized in any jurisdiction that does not give full effect to all provisions of this agreement, including without limitation this paragraph and the warranty disclaimers and liability exclusions above. GO Sports Unlimited has endeavored to comply with all legal requirements known to it in creating and maintaining this Site, but makes no representation that materials on this Site are appropriate or available for use in any particular jurisdiction. Use of this Site is unauthorized in any jurisdiction where all or any portion of this Site may violate any legal requirements and you agree not to access this Site in any such jurisdiction. You are responsible for compliance with applicable laws. Any use in contravention of this provision or any provision of this agreement is at your own risk and, if any part of this agreement is invalid or unenforceable under applicable law, the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision and the remainder of the agreement shall govern such use.
You agree that GO Sports Unlimited may at any time and without notice change the terms, conditions and notices under which this Site is offered. GO Sports Unlimited's performance of this agreement is subject to existing laws and legal process and nothing contained in this agreement is in derogation of GO Sports Unlimited's right to comply with law enforcement requests or requirements relating to your use of this Site or information provided to or gathered by GO Sports Unlimited with respect to such use.
You acknowledge that you understand and agree to GO Sports Unlimited's Refund Policy as stated herein. You agree to the Refund Policy that you are only permitted a FULL refund (minus the processing fee) for registration fees paid if you request the refund MORE THAN one (1) week in advance of the respective season's original Registration Close Date and Time. You are permitted a fifty percent (50%) refund (minus the processing fee) for registration fees paid if you request the refund LESS THAN one (1) week prior to the respective season's original Registration Close Date and Time. Once the respective season's original Registration Close Date and Time has past, NO REFUNDS are provided and any potential future credits or discounts related to a refund request are at the discretion of GO Sports Unlimited based upon the circumstances of the request. Additionally, you acknowledge and agree that GO Sports Unlimited may at any time and without advanced notice change game dates, game times and game locations when deemed necessary to facilitate and execute games.
You acknowledge that you understand and agree to GO Sports Unlimited's Processing Fee as stated herein. A Processing Fee during an online registration transaction is charged for each registration order. For pre-paid players within the same transaction, there is an additional processing fee per pre-paid player. Additionally, you acknowledge and agree that GO Sports Unlimited may at any time and without advance notice, change the Processing Fee amount when deemed necessary to cover extraneous market-volatility in costs to complete registration orders.
You acknowledge that you understand and agree to GO Sports Unlimited's Team Limitations Policy for kickball as stated herein. You agree to the Team Limitations Policy that a registered kickball team must include a minimum of 15 players and which 4 or more players must be female. Any registered team with less than 15 total players including 4 female players is subject to being merged with another team, another team being merged to that respective team, and/or free agents being added to the respective team. For teams of 15 players or more with at least 4 female players or more, GO Sports Unlimited will attempt to not add any additional players, but may where necessary add any number of male and/or female players to a respective team as long as the total number of players on the respective team does not exceed 22 players. Further for the role of Team Captain, you agree that when as a Team Captain you select the 'No Free Agent' preference option, that is a only a preference and provides GO Sports Unlimited notification of your request but does not bound GO Sports Unlimited by that request. GO Sports Unlimited will attempt to honor the 'No Free Agent' preference request for all teams that have at least 15 total players and at least 4 female players, but may add players if deemed necessary.
You acknowledge that you understand and agree to GO Sports Unlimited's Rainout Policy as stated herein. You agree to the Rainout Policy that rain is an element of the game and does not necessarily constitute suspending or canceling a game. Games are subject to suspension or cancellation due to lightning and/or extensive rain that creates saturated fields and standing water. The Game Status as conveyed on the company website for each respective market states the condition of play for each respective game day. The Game Status provides advanced notice on whether games are As-Scheduled or Canceled, and is updated as early as possible based on when field status information is communicated from the respective park districts.
For inclement weather at that start or during games, Field Supervisors will make a game-time decision at their discretion as to whether games are suspended or canceled. For suspended games, players must wait in the area under safe shelter for the game to resume as thunderstorms tend to arrive and pass in a short time period. For canceled kickball games under 4 innings of play (4 innings or more constitutes an official game), GO Sports Unlimited will attempt to reschedule those games unless there is no field availability through the remainder of the respective season to reschedule.
In the case that one game cannot be rescheduled, all paid players participating in the impacted league(s) will receive a ten percent (10%) credit on their Player Profile that can be used as a ten percent (10%) discount towards playing in a future season. For each additional canceled game within the respective season, impacted players will receive an additional five percent (5%) credit for each non-rescheduled game. Note that NO REFUNDS are provided after the respective season's registration is closed and players cannot opt for a ten percent (10%) credit in lieu of the rescheduled game if in fact the canceled game is rescheduled.
You acknowledge that you understand and agree that Premium T-shirt Styles are only offered for specified t-shirt colors and sizes where there is availability. If a participant -- team member or free agent -- upgrades and pays for a premium t-shirt style and size, for any reason that t-shirt style and/or size is not available, then the premium fee amount will be automatically credited back to the participant via a Player Credit on the participants GO Sports Unlimited account and the participant will receive the standard short-sleeve cotton t-shirt. GO Sports Unlimited will NOT provide credit card nor cash refunds. Participants who upgrade to a premium t-shirt style and size ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE for selecting their correct style and size during their registration process; and ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE for ascertaining their correct t-shirt style and size during the distribution of t-shirts at the beginning of the season. GO Sports Unlimited is NOT responsible for participants incorrectly selecting their style and/or size during registration NOR responsible if the participant does not receive the correct t-shirt style and size from their Captain at the beginning of the season.
You acknowledge that you understand and agree to GO Sports Unlimited's Text Message program as stated herein.  GO Sports Unlimited offers the capability for a player to subscribe to either NONE, ALL or INFO-ONLY text messages based on your preference.  The amount and frequency of text messages are variable based on your ALL or INFO-ONLY subscription and based on the need for effective communication on updates for the respective services.  Depending on your mobile carrier plan, standard message and data rates may apply.
You are not required to subscribe to the Text Message program to participate in a GO Sports Unlimited service.  By subscribing to the Text Message program, you are providing your consent to participate in the program and receive text messages from GO Sports Unlimited and its respective services, and you approve of any such charges from your mobile carrier.  Charges for text messages may appear on your mobile phone bill, be deducted from your plan or prepaid balance.
To un-subscribe to GO Sports Unlimited"s Text Message program, you must access your password-protected personal profile and update your Text Message subscription status to un-subscribe. GO Sports Unlimited's text messages are outbound-only, no-reply text messages so you cannot reply back to a text message for communication nor to un-subscribe. By subscribing to the Text Message program, you consent to the un-subscribe process. GO Sports Unlimited is committed to building user trust and confidence by promoting and complying with the use of business practices that help protect your privacy and your data.
This agreement, the privacy and security statement, and terms of sale constitute the entire agreement between you and GO Sports Unlimited with respect to this site. This agreement supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral or written, between you and GO Sports Unlimited with respect to this Site. No modification of this agreement shall be effective unless it is authored by GO Sports Unlimited and unless it is physically signed in blue ink by a GO Sports Unlimited officer. Any alleged waiver of any breach of this agreement shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any future breach. A printed version of this agreement and/or of any notice given by GO Sports Unlimited in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to this agreement or your use of this Site to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained by GO Sports Unlimited in printed form.
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this web site, please email us at Info@GoKickball.com.
29f3
Register Now
GKB Quick Links
Join Email List
GO Kickball 101
Download the GKB Brochure
How To Register
Select A City
Rules
FAQs
Start a Company Team
Game Documents
Blog
GKB Champions
Start a League
Partners and Sponsors
Become A Ref
Premium T-Shirt Styles
GKB Store
Press
Player Waiver
Terms And Conditions
Privacy Policy
Contact GKB
Copyright © 2020 GO Kickball LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Contact GO Kickball  |
View our Privacy Policy  |
Partners and Sponsors
Join Email List
Please enter valid information for all of the fields. Only ("1-9", "A-Z", "." and "@" are the only valid characters)
This email is already on the email list.
Your email has been added to the email GKB Email list.
Select a city
Birmingham, ALDothan, ALEastern Shore, ALEnterprise, ALHuntsville, ALMobile, ALMontgomery, ALTuscaloosa, ALBakersfield, CAColorado Springs, CODenver, COFort Collins, COFt Myers, FLAthens, GAAtlanta, GAAtlanta Dodgeball, GAColumbus, GAPride Atlanta, GABillings, MTCharlotte, NCColumbus, OHSpartanburg, SCChattanooga, TNMurfreesboro, TNNashville, TNDallas, TX
First Name
Last Name
Your Email Address
0