https://www.carriagedriving.net/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content Skip to secondary menu Skip to primary sidebarHome
Automotive
Truck
Car
Jeep
Blog
Share With Your FriendsAffiliate Promotions and Marketing Disclosure
www.carriagedriving.net is a participant of the program provided by Amazon LLC Associates. The view of said program is to afford sites the opportunity to earn funds via the assistance of application of fees for advertisement. The aforementioned advertisers, and the associated links, originate from, and/or are sourced by Amazon and similar or related companies. This is inclusive of, but not limited to, Amazon Prime, Amazon.com, and other affiliate sites.
FTC Disclosure Pursuant to Regulation
The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) is the overseeing agency which governs and controls reviews of, and testimony originating from, clients. Pursuant to this, the rules and regulations set forth by the FTC are vital to our site’s operation. We always act according to said regulations as set out by the FTC. Our goal to adhere too these protocols is inclusive of, but not limited to the following:
Supplying relevant data and resources which visitors of our site may utilize with a goal of obtaining information and making informed choices as they relate to purchases;
Disclaiming thoroughly, and to all involved parties and users of this site, that our website may obtain commission fees by acting in a sales capacity. This may include acting as a delegation for a third-party retailer or similar agency.
Disclaimer Regarding Testimony
Any and all testimony and/or editorial content found on this website is supplied by actual people. This information is pursuant to personal experiences relevant to the service and/or product is detailed. The opinions given by said individuals are supplied of their own free will.
They represent, to the best of this website’s knowledge and intention, the factual and unadulterated sentiments of the above noted individual people. The testimonials are given without monetary gain to the people issuing said editorials.
No such financial consideration has been supplied to these individuals before, during, or subsequent to their offering of the experience-related editorials. All testimonial data supplied to this website is done so without monetary provision to those issuing such.
Succeeding and/or Related Editorial Disclaimer
Given the occurrence of subsequent editorials and/or testimonial, issued as an addition to pre-existing editorials and/or testimony, kindly note that said content is issued according to permission granted by retailers. This is inclusive of, but not limited to, Amazon, Etsy, AliExpress, eBay, etc.
Privacy Policy
The policy herein contained is generated for the purpose of detailing the means by which our website collects and utilizes data. Given nature or this site, some pieces of personal data are collected. By utilizing this website, you confirm agreement to this privacy policy, including the particulars and caveats detailed therein. The aforementioned privacy policy is subject to alteration without prior notice.
These changes are made at the sole discretion of the site, and its owners and operators. Changes effected are relevant as at the time and date of the amended policy. These changes only impact data accrued after the given update. Kindly note that the information contained in this privacy policy is applicable only to this site itself. This means that should you navigate to a third-party site via a link contained on this website, it is the sole responsibility of the user to read the privacy policy of the third-party website itself.
Disclaimer Pursuant to Collected Information
Our website may collect personal data. This is inclusive of, but not limited to, address, name, and email address. The data collected is utilized strictly for individual identification. The purpose of data collection will be clearly stated to the user at the time of said collection.
The information collected by our site will never be utilized for a purpose outside the scope of that which is declared at the time of collection. Explicit permission for other means of data accrual or usage will always be gained prior to use outside of a previously noted scope.
Disclaimer of Cookies and Related Technologies
Our site uses cookies, and/or related tracking technologies. These are utilized for a variety of reasons, including, but not limited to, user’s preferred browser, computer operating system, monitoring of website traffic and flow, as well as the ways in which users utilize our website.
The view of cookies is to assist the user through the provision of an improved experience on our website. The related technologies, and cookies themselves, as mentioned above, do not accrue personal information of the user. Please note that the collected information is subject to sharing with third-party websites.
The data gleaned via the utilization of cookies, and/or related technologies, is not related to personal identifying information unless said personal identifying information is directly supplied to the website. Should this be the case, the technology and/or cookies could gain access to the aforementioned data.
Google Analytics Disclaiming Information
Google analytic services encompass the method through which Google obtains data. Said information is utilized for its site’s traffic monitoring, as well as said monitoring for affiliate sites. Kindly review the Google policy information in order to remain informed on the utilization of tracking data and other related data accrual means and uses.
Disclaimer Relating to Protection of Children
Our website does not collect information from persons less than the age of thirteen (13). We advise that parents of said individuals supervise the internet usage of the youth in their care. Should you become aware that such data was collected, please contact us forthwith and we will make immediate best efforts towards the removal of the noted data.
Information Distribution Disclaimer
Our website complies fully with the law and governing ordinances. As a result, should our site be compelled to share information pursuant to a court order or legal investigation, the information will be shared according to permittance by law. Please note that in the event of the aforementioned sharing of data, none of the information is used for business, promotional, or marketing purposes.
Commitment to Security of Data
The contents of this site, including but not limited to the personal data issued by users of this site, is stored and accessed with the highest safety precautions. Access to the noted information is restricted to staff and owners of this website.
The aforementioned staff have received according to authority for said access and are bound contractually to confidentiality. Please note that any correspondence received from our site of a promotional nature includes therewith the opportunity to opt-out.
Contact Information Related to Privacy Policy
If you have any concerns or inquiries related to this site’s privacy policy, please contact us and we will be glad to provide a response as soon as possible.
Privacy Policy Disclaimer
Kindly note that our site retains the right to change the policy detailed herein at any and all times. All alterations will be comprehensively detailed on our website immediately subsequent the changes. The website’s privacy policy will remain consistently available to users of our website.
Primary SidebarSearch the site ...
Recent Posts
How to Vinyl a Car and Care for it – An Incredible Guide!
Do You Need a Passenger Van Rental in Los Angeles?- You Should Know
7 Must-Have Automotive Tools – Never Miss Them Out!
How to Install a Grille Guard on the Vehicle – You must Know
Would You Weld A Car Frame with A 220V MIG- For Better Knowledge
How to Adjust a Carburetor- For Your Better Knowledge
10 Best Replacement Shocks for Ford Ranger of 2020- For Smooth Driving