https://www.bowlingindex.com/privacy-policy.html
Home
New Releases
Main Menu
New Balls
New Shoes
New Bags
New Accessories
View All New Releases
Shop by Brand
Main Menu
Brunswick
Storm
Ebonite
Hammer
Roto Grip
AMF
DV8
Motiv
Columbia300
900Global
Track
Dexter
3G
KR Strikeforce
Master Industries
Vise
Turbo
Robbys
OnTheBall
Radical
Moro
Lanemasters
Genesis
Ultimate
Mongoose
Kegel
View All Shop by Brand
Accessories
Main Menu
Bowling Towels
Finger Grips and More
PPE and Cleaners
Face Mask
Hand Conditioners
Insert Tape and More
Vise IT Products
Turbo Switch Grip
Bowling Pins
Bowling Socks
Polish / Cleaners
Buffers / Wipes
Shoe Accessories
View All Accessories
Wrist Supports
Main Menu
Bowling Gloves
Ball Releases
Wrist Supports
Master Industries
View All Wrist Supports
Site Info
Main Menu
Contact Us
Shipping & Returns
Privacy
Terms & Conditions
View All Site Info
Contact Us
Frequent Questions
Mail Order Form
…
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Bowlingindex.com Privacy Notice
Last updated: June 5. 2017
At Bowlingindex.com, your privacy is a top priority. This notice describes our privacy policy. By visiting Bowlingindex.com, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
Overview
Our Internet Bowling Superstore allows you to buy products, receive special discounts and receive newsletters, e-mails or other promotional information from us. We use that information that we collect about you to fulfill your product purchases and to create a more personalized online experience. This policy may change from time to time, so please check back periodically.
What Personal Information About Customers Does Bowlingindex.com Gather?
The information we learn from customers helps us personalize and continually improve your shopping experience at Bowlingindex.com. Here are the types of information we gather.
Information You Give Us: In order to better provide you with numerous products and services, Bowlingindex.com collects personally identifiable information. This information might include your name, billing address, shipping address, telephone number, email address, credit card information and product details. With this information, Bowlingindex.com can fill your orders and better provide you with personal services. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, customizing future shopping for you, improving our stores, and communicating with you.
Does Bowlingindex.com Share the Information It Receives?
Information about our customers is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling it to others.
Ordering
When you order from us, we collect personally identifiable information from you. If you order one or more of our products or services, we will collect and maintain your name, e-mail address, billing address, shipping address, telephone number, product selections, order number and a password. We collect this, and other information, as disclosed in this Policy, in order to fill your order, to communicate with you about your order and to send you promotional materials. Before confirming your order, you will have the opportunity to review your shopping basket and make changes and additions to the information it contained and these changes will automatically be kept for future use.
Gift Certificates
If you purchase a gift certificate from our site, you will give us the recipient’s name and e-mail address if you wish to send the certificate by e-mail. If you wish to send a certificate by regular mail, you will give us the name, mailing information and phone number for the recipient. The recipient information you give us will only be used to send the gift certificate and for no other purpose.
How Secure Is Information About Me?
We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input.
We reveal only the 1st four digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order. Of course, we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing.
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.
What security precautions are in place to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of your information?
In order to most efficiently serve you, credit card transactions and order fulfillment are handled by established third party banking, processing agents and distribution institutions. They receive the information needed to verify and authorize your credit card or other payment information. Within Bowlingindex.com, your information is kept on password protected, limited access servers. Wherever possible and applicable, Bowlingindex.com servers reside behind a corporate firewall that maintains and controls on access to the system from both our internal network and the Internet.
Children
Bowlingindex.com does not sell products for purchase by children. We sell children's products for purchase by adults. If you are under 18, you may use Bowlingindex.com only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions
If you choose to visit Bowlingindex.com, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Conditions of Use, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of the law of the state of California. If you have any concern about privacy at Bowlingindex.com, please contact us with a thorough description, and we will try to resolve it.
Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Notice and the Conditions of Use will change also. We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions, unless you have instructed us not to, but you should check our Web site frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers.
Information You Give Us
You provide most such information when you search, buy, participate in a contest or questionnaire, or communicate with customer service. For example, you provide information when you search for a product; place an order through Bowlingindex.com or purchase; communicate with us by phone, e-mail, or otherwise; complete a questionnaire or a contest entry form; provide employer information when opening a corporate account or participate in Discussion Boards or Bowlingindex.com Chat. As a result of those actions, you might supply us with such information as your name, address, and phone numbers; credit card information; people to whom purchases have been shipped, including addresses and phone number; content of reviews and e-mails to us; personal description and financial information, including Social Security and driver's license numbers.
Automatic Information
Examples of the information we collect and analyze include the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet; login; e-mail address; password; computer and connection information such as browser type and version, operating system, and platform; purchase history, which we sometimes aggregate with similar information from other customers to create unique features to our site which will better serve you; the full Uniform Resource Locator (URL) clickstream to, through, and from our Web site, including date and time; cookie number and products you viewed or searched for. During some visits we may use software tools such as JavaScript to measure and collect session information, including page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page.
Privacy Policy Changes
This privacy policy was last changed on June 5, 2007. If Bowlingindex.com makes changes to any terms or conditions of the Privacy Policy, the changes will be posted in this document so that you will always know what information we gather. We may change, modify, add or remove portions of this Policy at any time, and any changes will become effective immediately upon being posted unless we tell you otherwise.
Support
Support
Terms and Conditions
Contact Us
Frequently Asked Questions
Privacy Policy
Shipping & Return Policy
Sign Up for Important Product Info