http://www.spokefolk.com/privacy.asp
Spoke Folk Cyclery - Bike Sales and Bike Rentals in Healdsburg Sonoma
County CA
707.433.7171
201 Center Street
Healdsburg, CA 95448
10:00AM to 6:00PM Monday thru Friday
10:00AM to 5:00PM Saturday & Sunday
Contact Spoke Folk
Advocacy
Rides & Routes
Sales & Service
Bike Rentals
About Spoke Folk
Bike Fit and Performance Center
Spoke Folk Cyclery
Privacy Policy
Spoke Folk
201 Center Street
Healdsburg, CA 95448
(707) 433-7171
info@spokefolk.com
Effective: November 1, 2007
Your privacy is very important to us. We have prepared this privacy notice so that we can better
communicate our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your
information is collected and used. This policy is linked from the footer of every page in
our website to make it easy to find.
The Information We Collect
Aggregate Information
Our web server automatically collects aggregate information about the
visitors to our website. Our server logs contain the IP address of the
computer visiting, the date, the files requested, and the type of platform making the request.
It also collects the referring information passed to the website by the previous website.
We also use common aggregate tracking programs such as Google Analytics® to gather information about our
visitors. This information is the basis for statistics that allow us to better serve our visitors
and meet their needs. None of this information will identify an individual user nor any personal
information such as their name or email address.
Similar to most websites, we may also place a small bit of code, called
a cookie, on your computer to help us determine in aggregate how many
return visitors we have to the website. If you create a user account
with us, we may also use a cookie to allow you to avoid entering your username and password
each time you visit the website. Lastly, we also use session cookies, which expire the moment
you leave the website to identify an individual as they pass from page to page so that we
may maintain variables such as the items in your shopping cart.
Supplied Information
At various points on our website we may expressly ask you to supply us
information in order to provide you a service or allow us to contact
you in the future. This collection is always completely voluntary. Examples
of this include but are not limited to: collecting billing, shipping,
and payment information to make an online purchase, or name and email information to sign
up for an online newsletter. Only through this supplied information can we identify an
individual user of the website.
The Way We Use Information
We use the aggregate information collected to better tailor our website
to meet the needs of our visitors, such as the total number of visitors
and pages viewed, the pages most visited, and from what sites they arrived.
It is impossible to identify any individual’s personal information with this data.
The information we collect will be used to accomplish the appropriate
task.  For example, information collected surrounding the placement of an online order
will be used to fill that order. Information collected for an email newsletter will be used
to periodically send you an email that contains our online newsletter.
Additionally, we may use the information to contact you in the future
about offers that we feel you may enjoy, however, we never use or share
the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways
unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity
to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
We never sell, rent, or lease your information to any outside parties
without your express consent.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
You can obtain all the personally identifiable information that we collect
online and maintain by contacting us at the above email address. To protect
your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify
your identity before granting access or making corrections. You can correct
factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending
us a request that credibly shows the error and we will correct it promptly.
Children under the age of 13
Our website does not target and is not intended for children under the
age of 13 and thus we will not knowingly collect data from them. We value
the privacy needs of these children and encourage parents to be an active
participant in their child's online activities and interests. We abide
by the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) requirements.
If we discover personal data from a child that has been provided through
our website, we will remove the information immediately.
Links To Outside Websites
Our website may contain links to outside websites that are outside of
our control. These websites may have a different policy in regards to
privacy and thus we cannot be responsible for their actions and business practices. If
you are in doubt or have any concerns, look for the privacy policy on their website.
Changes To This Policy
As the need arises, we may need to change this policy by updating this
page. Please check back to ensure any revised policies continue to meet
with your approval.  By
using this website, you agree to our policies as outlined in this document.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies,
please contact us at the above mailing address, phone number or email
address.
Home
Return to Home
About Us
About Spoke Folk
Healdsburg Wheelmen
Links
Shop
Bike
Clothing
Part/Accessories
Service
Fit & Performance Center
Custom Bike Fits and Power & Fitness Testing
Bike Rentals
Bikes for Rent
Rental Rates
Reservation Form
Download a Ride Map
Advocacy
Support & Promotion
Bicycle Commuting
Contact Us
How to Reach Us
How to Find Us
Local Rides,
Routes & Events
Sonoma County Rides
Ride Calendar
Phineas Phun
Download a Ride Map
Sitemap | Privacy Policy | © 2020 Spoke
Folk Cyclery
site by Kreck Design Solutions