http://www.london-jujitsu.com/privacy-policy/
Home »
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
At http://www.london-jujitsu.com, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by http://www.london-jujitsu.com and how we use it.
If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us through email at admin@london-jujitsu.com.
Log Files
http://www.london-jujitsu.com follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit websites. All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services’ analytics. The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. The purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movement on the website, and gathering demographic information.
Privacy Policies
You may consult this list to find the Privacy Policy for each of the advertising partners of http://www.london-jujitsu.com.
Third-party ad servers or ad networks uses technologies like cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons that are used in their respective advertisements and links that appear on http://www.london-jujitsu.com, which are sent directly to users’ browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. These technologies are used to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on websites that you visit.
Note that http://www.london-jujitsu.com has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
Third Part Privacy Policies
http://www.london-jujitsu.com’s Privacy Policy does not apply to other advertisers or websites. Thus, we are advising you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information. It may include their practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options. You may find a complete list of these Privacy Policies and their links here and visit: Privacy Policy Links.
You can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options. To know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers, it can be found at the browsers’ respective websites. What Are Cookies?
Children’s Information
Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.
http://www.london-jujitsu.com does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This privacy policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in http://www.london-jujitsu.com. This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.
Consent
By using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its Terms and Conditions.
Recent Posts
Great Advantages of Getting a Professional Carpet Cleaning Service
Tips for Hiring a Party Bus Rental
Dangers Associated with Damaged Trees in Your Property
Catering Services Never Fails During Corporate Events
Recent Comments
Search for:
London JujitsuGreat Advantages of Getting a Professional Carpet Cleaning Service October 11, 2019Most of us would be hesitant when it comes to getting the right people or company to clean our place or even our carpet stain removal service because of the fee. Some would think that they could just do in on their own and try the different hacks to clean the house or to get […] secure_adminTips for Hiring a Party Bus Rental September 17, 2017Surely, planning a party is really fun; the venue, the food, the theme and decorations. It’s so much fun planning everything but if you want to hire a vehicle for the transportation of your guests, which surely needs some awareness. There are a lot of cheap party bus st louis you can choose from but narrowing down […] secure_adminDangers Associated with Damaged Trees in Your Property September 15, 2017If you suspect that a tree in your residential property is diseased, damaged or dying, it’s a great idea to call a professional and reputable palm tree care company right away in order to make sure that it will be taken care of right away and prevent it from causing harm to you and your family. In […] secure_adminCatering Services Never Fails During Corporate Events September 6, 2017When you are in work, it is a must that you be on your best behavior, especially when it comes to corporate events, which happen a few times a month. These events are planned for different reasons; some are used for team buildings, to make sure that the entire office is properly in sync with […] secure_admin Archives
October 2019
September 2017
Categories
Carpet Cleaning
Catering Services
Damaged Trees
Party Bus Rental