http://www.coachingrugby.com/drills/utils/terms.jsp
HomeCoaching Tools
Sports Session Planner
Sports Drill Designer
Manage Files and Share Folders
Club Coaching - Coach as a Team
Mobile - on the go!
Packages
Individual
Club
School
PGCE & Student Coaches
Support
Frequently Asked Questions
Support Answers Forum
About
Blog
Contact
Terms of Service / Privacy Policy
Contents
1) Terms of Service
2) Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Who We Are
We are Sportplan Limited as well as our family of affiliated products (collectively referred to herein as "Sportplan Limited", "we", "us" or "our"). We provide internet and mobile app-based services including, the products linked below:
Sportplan
Teamo
RugbyCoachingDrills.com
RugbyCoaching.tv
We may modify the Terms of Service, our Privacy Policy and our Cookies Policies from time to time. If we make changes to any of these, we will provide you notice through our Services, or by other means, to provide you the opportunity to review the changes before they become effective. Your continued use of our Services after we publish or send a notice about our changes to these terms means that you are consenting to the updated terms.
Section 1. Privacy:
Registration Data and certain other information you provide to or through Sportplan Limited are subject to our Privacy Policy. For more information please see our Privacy Policy.
Section 2. Disclaimer Regarding Medical Advice:
Any specific tests, products, or procedures that may be mentioned on the Sportplan Limited Products are for information purposes only, and Sportplan Limited does not recommend or endorse any of them. You rely on any information provided by Sportplan Limited, its sponsors and advertisers, or other visitors to our Products at your own risk. Sportplan Limited assumes no liability or responsibility either for the contents of any material provided on the products, or for damage or injury to persons or property arising from any use of any product, information, idea, or instruction contained in those materials. Sportplan Limited reserves the right to change or discontinue any aspect or feature of these Products at any time without prior notice.
Section 3. Use of Content and Copyright:
For purposes of these Terms, "Content" means any form of information, data or creative expression and includes, without limitation, video, audio, photographs, images, illustrations, animations, tools, applications and any intellectual property therein, text, ideas, communications, replies, "likes," comments, software, scripts, related code (including but not limited to HTML, other mark-up languages, and all scripts), executable files, graphics, maps, training plans, drills, interactive features, copyrights, trademarks, branding, logos, and other similar assets, patents, sounds, applications and any intellectual property therein, any of which may be generated, provided, or otherwise made accessible on or through the Sportplan Limited Products.
All Content on Sportplan Limited Products are the property of Sportplan Limited and/or its affiliates. Material from Sportplan Limited Products may not be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted or distributed in any way. Modification of the materials, or use of the materials for any other purpose is a violation of copyright and other proprietary rights. The use of any such material on any other Website or computer environment is prohibited.
"www.sportplan.net", "Sportplan Limited" and the "Sportplan" logo are trademarks and service marks of Sportplan Limited. "www.teamo.chat" and any related sub-domains, and the "teamo" logo are trademarks and service marks of Sportplan Limited. "www.rugbycoachingdrills.com" and the "RugbyCoachingDrills.com" logo are service marks of Sportplan Limited. "www.rugbycoaching.tv" and the "RugbyCoaching.tv" logo are service marks of Sportplan Limited. All other trademarks, service marks and logos used on the Sportplan Limited Products are the trademarks, service marks or logos of their respective owners. Sportplan Limited has made every effort to secure appropriate licenses and clearances for all proprietary intellectual properties used in the Sportplan Limited Content. You may notify Sportplan Limited of alleged intellectual property rights infringement by contacting Sportplan Limited at:
Aberdeen House
South Road
Haywards Heath
West Sussex
RH16 4NG
United Kingdom
Section 4. Safety and Disclaimer of Consequential Damages:
THE USE OF SPORTPLAN LIMITED PRODUCTS AND THE CONTENT IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. The information on Sportplan Limited Products are presented for the purpose of educating participants on coaching and playing of various sports, and participation in various physical activities. No physical activity should be engaged in without first consulting a physician. Furthermore, Sportplan Limited makes no claims about the safety or appropriateness of any information found on the Products, nor about the results to be obtained from using the Sportplan Limited Products or Content and consequently cannot be liable for any resulting loss, damage or injury. The Sportplan Limited Products and the content are provided on an "as is" basis without any warranties of any kind. Sportplan Limited, its licensors, and its suppliers, to the fullest extent permitted by law, disclaim all warranties, either express or implied, statutory or otherwise, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, non-infringement of Third-Parties' rights, and fitness for particular purpose. Sportplan Limited, its licensors, and its suppliers make no representations or warranties about the accuracy, reliability, completeness, currentness or timeliness of the content, software, text, graphics, links, or communications provided on or through the use of Sportplan Limited Products. Sportplan Limited makes no warranty that the use of the Products will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free. In no event shall Sportplan Limited, its licensors, its suppliers or any Third-Parties mentioned on Sportplan Limited Products be liable for any damages whatsoever (including, without limitation, incidental and consequential damages, lost profits, or damages resulting from lost data or business interruption) resulting from the use or inability to use the Sportplan Limited Products or the Content thereof, whether based on warranty, contract, tort or any other legal theory, and whether or not Sportplan Limited is advised of the possibility of such damages.
Section 5. Rules of Conduct for Interactive Areas:
Sportplan Limited provides interactive areas ("Interactive Areas") on Sportplan Limited Products. You understand that all information, data, text, software, music, sound, photographs, graphics, video, messages or other materials ("Content"), whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, are the sole responsibility of the person from whom such Content originated. This means that you, not Sportplan Limited, are entirely responsible for all Content that you upload, post, email or otherwise transmit using Sportplan Limited Products. Sportplan Limited does not control the Content posted using the Products and as such does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of such Content. You understand that by using the Products, you may be exposed to Content that is offensive, indecent or objectionable. Under no circumstance will Sportplan Limited be liable in any way for any Content, including, but not limited to, errors or omissions in any Content, or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any Content uploaded, posted, emailed or otherwise transmitted or hosted using the Service.
You acknowledge that Sportplan Limited does not pre-screen Content, but that Sportplan Limited shall have the right (but not the obligation) to refuse or move or delete any Content that is posted to any of the Sportplan Limited products, including without limitation any Content that violates the Terms and Conditions of Use or is otherwise objectionable. You agree that you must evaluate, and bear all rights and obligations associated with the use of any Content, including reliance on the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of such Content. You also acknowledge and agree that Sportplan Limited may preserve or remove Content and may disclose Content, including information about your account or your use of the Sportplan Limited Products, to any Third-Party if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such preservation, removal or disclosure is necessary to:
(a) comply with legal process;
(b) enforce the Terms and Conditions of use;
(c) respond to claims that any Content violated the rights of Third-Parties; or
(d) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Sportplan Limited, its employees or agents, or the public.
ANY RELIANCE ON CONTENT POSTED IN AN INTERACTIVE AREA IS AT YOUR OWN RISK.You agree that it shall be a material breach of these Terms and Conditions if you are engaged in any of the following activities:
(a) uploading, posting, emailing or otherwise transmitting any Content that is, in Sportplan Limited's sole discretion, unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortuous, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libellous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable;
(b) harming minors in any way;
(c) impersonating any person or entity, including, but not limited to, a Sportplan Limited employee, or falsely stating or otherwise misrepresenting your affiliation with a person or entity;
(d) forging headers or otherwise manipulating identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any Content transmitted through the Service;
(e) adopting of names and addresses for the purpose of cyber squatting;
(f) uploading, posting, emailing or otherwise transmitting any Content that you do not have a right to transmit under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships (such as inside information, proprietary and confidential information learned or disclosed as part of employment relationships or under nondisclosure agreements);
(g) uploading, posting, emailing or otherwise transmitting any Content that infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, publicity or other proprietary right ("Rights") of any party;
(h) uploading, posting, emailing or otherwise transmitting any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, "junk mail," "spam," "chain letters," "pyramid schemes," or any other form of such solicitation;
(i) uploading, posting, emailing or otherwise transmitting any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment;
(j) interfering with or disrupting the Site or servers or networks connected to the Site, or disobeying any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the Site;
(k) intentionally or unintentionally violating any applicable local, provincial, state, national or international law;
(l) "stalking" or otherwise harassing another;
(m) harvesting or otherwise collecting information about others, including email addresses, without their consent; or
(n) engage in any other conduct that restricts or inhibits any other person from using or enjoying the Interactive Areas, or which, in the judgment of Sportplan Limited, exposes Sportplan Limited or any of its customers or suppliers to any liability of any type.
Section 6. Links to Other Sites:
The Sportplan Limited Products contains links to web sites of Third-Parties ("Third-Party Sites"). These links are provided solely as a convenience to you and not as an endorsement by Sportplan Limited of the content on such Third-Party Sites. Sportplan Limited is not responsible for the content of linked Third-Party Sites and does not make any representations regarding the content or accuracy of materials on such Third-Party Sites. If you decide to access Third-Party Sites through links on Sportplan Limited Products, you do so at your own risk. Your use of Third- Party Sites is subject to the Terms and Conditions of use for those sites.
Section 7. Advertisements:
The Sportplan Limited Site contains advertisements by third parties, and these advertisements may contain links to other websites. Unless otherwise specifically stated, Sportplan Limited does not endorse any product or make any representation regarding the content or accuracy of any materials contained in, or linked to, any advertisement on Sportplan Limited Products.
Section 8. Indemnity:
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold Sportplan Limited, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers, harmless from and against any claims, actions or demands, liabilities and settlements including without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees, resulting from, or alleged to result from, your use of the Content, or the Interactive Areas in a manner that violates or is alleged to violate these Terms and Conditions. Sportplan Limited shall provide notice to you promptly of any such claim, suit, or proceeding, and shall reasonably cooperate with you, at your expense, in your defence of any such claim, suit or proceeding.
Section 9. General:
Sportplan Limited is based in England. Access to the Content may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries. If you access Sportplan Limited Products from outside England, you do so at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with the laws of your jurisdiction. Recognizing the global nature of the Internet, you agree to comply with all local rules regarding online conduct and acceptable Content. Specifically, you agree to comply with all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the country in which you reside.
Section 10. Jurisdiction:
You expressly agree that exclusive jurisdiction for any dispute with Sportplan Limited, or in any way relating to your use of Sportplan Limited, resides in the courts of England, and you further agree and expressly consent to the exercise of personal jurisdiction in the courts of England in connection with any such dispute including any claim involving Sportplan Limited or its affiliates, subsidiaries, employees, contractors, officers, directors, telecommunication providers and content providers.
These Terms and Conditions are governed by the laws of England, without respect to its conflict of laws principles. If any provision of these Terms and Conditions is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms and Conditions, which shall remain in full force and effect. No waiver of any of these Terms and Conditions shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or condition or any other term or condition.
Section 11. Complete Agreement:
Except as expressly provided in a particular "legal notice" on Sportplan Limited Products,
these terms and conditions constitute the entire agreement between you and Sportplan Limited with respect to the use of Sportplan Limited Products and any content contained therein. The section titles in the Terms and Conditions are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect or significance.
Privacy Policy
Information About Your Personal Data
This Privacy Policy relates to data about you, your devices, and your interaction with our Products.
"Personal Data" is information that can be used to identify you, directly or indirectly, alone or together with other information. This includes things such as your full name, email address, phone number, precise location, certain cookie and network identifiers. Sportplan Limited collects, uses, discloses and processes Personal Data as outlined in this Privacy Policy, including to operate and improve the Services and our business; for advertising and marketing; and to provide you with innovative sport coaching and management services, as further described in this Privacy Policy.
How We Collect and Use Personal Data
We collect your Personal Data in a number of ways and for various purposes, including:
1. When you register for an account or interact with our Services.
We collect Personal Data when you use or interact with our Services, including when you register with us. During registration, Sportplan, RugbyCoaching.tv and
RugbyCoachingDrills.com asks for your email address. While only this information is required to use the Site, the more Personal Data that you provide (and the more accurate it is), the better we are able to customise your experience. This Personal Data may include name, country, phone number, username and password, email address, date of birth, payment information and Location Data.
During registration for Teamo, you are required to enter your first name, surname, date of birth, country, phone number, email address, and location data.
"Location Data"means either approximate location or, with your consent, precise location. We use this data to create your account, enable your activity within our Services, and to provide the services generally, including to develop, enhance, and improve our Services and your experience. We also use this data for internal purposes related to certain research, analytics, innovation, testing, monitoring, customer communication, risk management, and administrative purposes.
Read
2. When you give us permission to collect Location Data.
We may collect precise Location Data as part of the functionality of our Services, such as to provide location of sporting venue, location map for navigation, weather information, to determine international calling codes and to conduct analytics to improve the Services. We may collect precise Location Data in several ways, such as through your wireless carrier, based on WiFi access point location, via Bluetooth beacons, through a connected device, or directly from the device on which you use the Services. If you are accessing the Services through one of our mobile applications, the way we collect precise Location Data will differ depending on your mobile device's operating system. In all events, we do not collect precise Location Data, unless you have "allowed" its collection. If you decline to allow Location Data collection in the app, we will not collect your precise Location Data unless you manually enter it in. Location data is collected but not stored and you will always be prompted before your location is used.
Read
3. When you communicate with us or sign up for promotional materials.
We collect Personal Data when you communicate with us or sign up to receive promotional materials or information via email, push notifications, or text messages - including email address, mobile number etc.
By completing the registration process you consent to such messages as part of our service, we may use your Personal Data and other information to communicate with you about the Sportplan Limited products or Services you have purchased or used; provide you with promotional messages and personalised advertising; to notify you of other products; to notify you of other promotions ("Promotions"); to notify you of Services we think may be of interest to you; and, for other marketing purposes. You can manage your Sportplan communication preferences by logging into your account or contacting info@sportplan.com.
You can manage your RugbyCoachingDrills.com communication preferences through the unsubscribe links in all emails or by contacting info@rugbycoachingdrills.com.
You can manage your RugbyCoaching.tv communication preferences through the unsubscribe links in all emails or by contacting info@rugbycoachingdrills.com.
You can manage your teamo communication preferences through the unsubscribe links in all emails or by contacting info@sportplan.com.
We may use your Personal Data to respond to your requests for technical support, online services, product information or to any other communication you initiate. This includes accessing your account to address technical support requests. We may also use your Personal Data to address your requests, inquiries, and complaints.
Read
4. When you engage with our online communities or advertising.
We may collect your Personal Data when you engage with our online communities. This includes when you click on advertisements, interact with our social media pages, submit content, leave reviews, or otherwise enter information into comment fields, blogs, message boards, events, and other community forums affiliated with Sportplan Limited. Please note that our community forums are public, so we recommend that you exercise care in deciding what information and content you wish to disclose.
Read
5. When you connect with us through social media.
You may choose to enable, log into, or sign on to the Services through various social networking services such as
Facebook, Linkedin, Google or Windows Live. When you connect using your social networking account, we may collect Personal Data that you have provided to these. For example, when you log in with your Facebook credentials, with your consent, we may collect Personal Data from your Facebook profile that is permitted under Facebook's Terms of Use - such as your email address, profile picture, and friend list. We use this data to provide, enhance, and personalise the Services (e.g. to help connect you with or suggest friends within our Services). If you do not want to provide us with this data, you need to adjust the privacy settings on your social networking account.
Read
6. When we leverage and/or collect cookies, device IDs, Location, data from the environment, and other tracking technologies.
We may collect certain Personal Data using cookies and other technologies such as web beacons, device IDs, advertising IDs, geolocation, HTML5 local storage, Flash cookies, and IP addresses. We specifically use browser cookies for different purposes, including cookies that are strictly necessary for functionality and cookies that are used for personalisation, performance/analytics, and advertising.
Read
7. When we link you to fellow coaches, players and/or teachers across platforms.
Some of our services consist of social sharing and communication with others. We use your Personal Data to enable sharing as described in the service.
Read
8. When we provide you geographically relevant Services, offers, or advertising.
Where you have provided consent to process your precise Location Data, we may use such data to provide you with Services, offers or advertising that are relevant to your location.
Read
9. When we comply with Legal Requirements or Obligations, Law Enforcement, and for Public Safety Purposes.
We may use Personal Data in order to comply with laws, regulations, court orders, or other legal obligations or to assist in an investigation, to protect and defend our rights and property, or the rights or safety of Third-Parties, to enforce our Terms of Use, this Privacy Policy, or agreements with third parties, or for crime-prevention purposes.
Read
10. When you access Third-Party products and services.
We may allow you to register for Third-Party products and services or otherwise interact with another website, mobile application, or Internet location (collectively "Third Party Sites") through our Services. For example, teamo use a Third-Party payment processor, Stripe, to process payments. We may collect Personal Data that you share with Third Party Sites through our Services, such as email address connected to your Stripe account and payment history details. Teamo does not retain any financial information such as credit or debit card details. Such information is handled securely by Stripe and their privacy policy can be found at: https://stripe.com/gb/privacy
Read
11. When you give us permission to collect device data.
We may provide features that rely on the use of additional information on your mobile device or require access to certain services on your mobile device that will enhance your teamo experience but are not required to use the service, such as contacts, photos, camera, or media files. Before we access this information or these features on your mobile device, we will ask for your permission. You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time by going to your device-based settings. Acceptance of this Privacy Policy does not mean you have granted us permission to access this information.
Read
How We Disclose Personal Data
We may disclose your Personal Data for the purposes as described in the prior section of this Privacy Policy and in the following ways:
1. To Affiliates
With companies or ventures that are owned or controlled by Sportplan Limited, and internally within Sportplan Limited, in order to provide and improve Services, for marketing purposes, and for advertising.
Read
2. To other Users/Sportplan Limited Registered Users.
With other users in the context of specific Services that are social in nature. In these cases, we disclose social data, team data and certain personal data by default because the service being provided is one of social interaction. Additionally, any information you post or disclose in our community forums (for example, Facebook) is public.
Read
3. For Advertising and Marketing.
With advertising and marketing partners for advertising and marketing purposes on Sportplan Limited's behalf and on behalf of Third-Parties, including Facebook, Campaign Monitor, Mailgun and AWeber.
In addition, with your consent, we may share your precise Location Data with Third-Parties for on and off platform personalization and curated marketing and advertising purposes.
Read
4. For Certain Analytics and Improvement.
With Google Analytics for analytics and improvement of the Services.
Read
5. For Legal Compliance, Law Enforcement, and Public Safety Purposes.
With law enforcement, government or regulatory bodies, lawful authorities, or other authorised Third-Parties in order to comply with laws, regulations, court orders, or other legal obligations or to assist in an investigation, to protect and defend our rights and property, or the rights or safety of Third-Parties, to enforce our Terms of Use, this Privacy Policy, or agreements with Third-Parties, or for crime-prevention purposes.
Read
Legal Basis for Processing
This section addresses the legal basis for processing your data. Some processing is addressed in multiple sections because more than one legal basis may apply depending on the circumstances or service.
For the purposes of applicable data protection laws, Sportplan Limited is the controller of the Personal Data you provide to us ("Data Controller"). As a Data Controller, we process the Personal Data we maintain about you in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions or concerns regarding the processing of your Personal Data, or if you have questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact the Support Team.
We collect and process your Personal Data for a variety of purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy. In certain cases, separate consent is not required, including:
1. For Legal Compliance, Law Enforcement, and Public Safety Purposes.
To comply with laws, regulations, court orders, or other legal obligations or to assist in an investigation.
Read
2. For Legitimate Interests
To operate our business and provide the Services, other than in performing our contractual obligations to you for Sportplan Limited's "legitimate interests" for the purposes of applicable law - except where overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms that require protection of Personal Data.
For example, the following areas include processing covered by Legitimate Interests, subject to applicable law:
Communication: To communicate with you regarding the Services, address your requests, inquiries, and complaints. We may send strictly necessary communications, including emails, even if you have opted out of receiving other Sportplan Limited's emails or communications. These types of communications do not require consent.
Respond to Your Requests: To respond to your requests for technical support, online services, product information or to any other communication you initiate. This includes accessing your account to address technical support requests.
Promotional Messages: We process your non-sensitive Personal Data to provide you with promotional messages and personalised marketing, when you sign up to our services.
Compliance with Law and Public Safety: To assist in the investigation of suspected illegal or wrongful activity, including in-store tracking and sharing information with other entities for fraud, loss, and crime prevention purposes. To protect and defend our rights and property, or the rights or safety of Third-Parties.
Improvement and Development: To develop, provide, enhance, and improve our Services and your experience, including to enable you to use the full range of our Services (e.g. processing of non-sensitive Personal Data; when we collect, use, or otherwise leverage cookies, device IDs, Location Data, data from the environment, and other tracking technologies; when you connect with us through social media; when we collect data from Third-Parties or publicly-available sources; when we aggregate and centralize data; and when we share Personal Data with companies or ventures that are owned or controlled by Sportplan Limited and with our service providers and vendors). For internal purposes related to certain research, analytics, innovation, testing, monitoring, customer communication, and administrative purposes.
Enforcing Terms and Notice: To enforce our Terms or this Privacy Policy, or agreements with Third-Parties.
Surveys: To send you surveys in connection with our Services.
Read
Consent as a Basis for Processing
In some cases, we will ask for your consent to process your Personal Data. You may indicate your consent in a number of ways, including, as permitted by law, ticking a box (or equivalent action) to indicate your consent when (i) providing us with your Personal Data through our Services (ii) registering or creating an account with us. We may request your consent for a number of activities including:
1. Sportplan Ltd Marketing and Communication.
By agreeing to our Terms of Service you consent to contact you by email about other offers, products, Promotions, or services that we think may be of interest to you and for other marketing purposes. You can manage your Sportplan communication preferences by logging into your account or contacting info@sportplan.com.
You can manage your RugbyCoachingDrills.com communication preferences through the unsubscribe links in all emails or by contacting info@rugbycoachingdrills.com.
You can manage your RugbyCoaching.tv communication preferences through the unsubscribe links in all emails or by contacting info@rugbycoachingdrills.com.
You can manage your teamo communication preferences through the unsubscribe links in all emails or by contacting info@sportplan.com.
Read
2. Collecting and Sharing Location Data.
We may request your consent to collect your precise Location Data. Our Services may require this data to provide the Services. If you choose not to provide this information, certain Services features may be unavailable or not function properly.
Read
3. Automated Processing.
We may use some automated processing to provide our Services and to make recommendations in the context of specific services. This processing is strictly necessary for providing certain Services (and, in some cases, is the service itself) and is not covered by consent. Other automated processing is not significant either due to the nature of the data or the decisions being made or recommended, and so consent is not required. However, for automated processing that is significant and related to sensitive Personal Data, prior to sharing or using such data, we will first seek your consent.
Read
4. To Enable Social Sharing.
Some of our services consist of social sharing and communication with others. If you sign up for these services, we may ask for your consent to use your information to enable sharing as described in the service.
Read
Interest-Based Advertising
Interest-based advertising is advertising that is targeted to you based on your web browsing and app usage over time and across websites or apps. Our advertising practices also include the creation and use of "audience segments." You have the option to and to opt-out of receiving interest-based communications. Additional information on Audience Segments and our choices for interest- based advertising is found below.
1. Audience Segments.
We disclose various types of information for purposes of interest-based advertising, including for Third-Party, interest-based advertising. This processing includes the use of Personal Data to create audience segments. The audience segments are based on sport interest, membership, app usage data, website usage data, interaction with Sportplan Limited emails, and similar types of information.
Read
2. Interest-Based Advertising Opt Outs, Choices, and Control.
For all of the interest-based advertising described above, you have the choice to not have your data used to target and serve you interest-based advertising (including Third-Party advertising) regardless of where such ads might be served.
You can manage your Sportplan communication preferences by logging into your account or contacting info@sportplan.com.
You can manage your RugbyCoachingDrills.com communication preferences through the unsubscribe links in all emails or by contacting info@rugbycoachingdrills.com.
You can manage your RugbyCoaching.tv communication preferences through the unsubscribe links in all emails or by contacting info@rugbycoachingdrills.com.
You can manage your teamo communication preferences through the unsubscribe links in all emails or by contacting info@sportplan.com.
Read
Managing Preferences and Withdrawing Consent
You may at any time withdraw your consent with future effect and without affecting the lawfulness of processing of your Personal Data based on the consent you provided before you withdrew it, and exercise other controls regarding website and online data collection, interest-based advertising, your communication settings, and app preferences. Depending on the Product, collection and use of Personal Data may be required for the Services to work.
We provide you several ways to manage your preferences:
1. Cookie Use and Controls.
Cookies serve a wide variety of purposes. Cookies are pieces of data stored in your web browser that are transmitted to websites to remember your browser over time and distinguish it from other users. You have choices regarding cookies. By modifying your browser preferences, you have the choice to accept all cookies, to be notified when a cookie is set or to reject all cookies. If you choose to reject all cookies, certain functionality on our websites will not work.
One way to think about cookies is based on their function. The following settings will control our use of browser cookies, the use of IP address for tracking, and the collection and use of data for cookie-based, interest-based advertising.
[ IN ] Required Cookies: These strictly necessary cookies are used for core functionality, and recognize when you are signed in, remember things such as shopping carts and text entered, are necessary for security, and enforce your privacy preferences. Without these cookies, some functionality on our websites will fail. You can block these cookies in your browser preferences.
[ IN / OUT ] Functional Cookies: These cookies help to improve the sites by allowing us to understand how the site is used and how the site performs. These cookies include analytics and measurement.
[ IN / OUT ] Advertising Cookies: These cookies help us and other parties personalise ads that are shown to you on our sites and Services, as well as on other sites. If enabled, these cookies will allow Third-Parties engaged in interest-based advertising on our site to recognise your browser software on other sites too.
Read
2. IP Address Use.
An IP address refers to an identifier assigned by a network to a computer, mobile device, Internet of Things (IoT) device, or routing device. IP addresses, for purposes of this Privacy Policy, include "public" IP addresses, such as the IP address for a home router that is visible to the Internet, as well as "local" IP addresses, which are IP addresses assigned to computers and mobile devices "behind" a router (such as a home router). Our advertising and analytics partners may use IP addresses to group or correlate devices for purposes of analytics, security and anti-fraud purposes, interest-based advertising, ad targeting, ad attribution, and limiting ad frequency. You can choose not to have IP address used for purposes of advertising or analytics by using the cookie controls for "Advertising Cookies," and "Performance/Analytics," above.
Read
3. Web Pixels or Beacons Use.
Pixels are extremely small image files that, when loaded by your web browser, cause the browser to make a network request to the party corresponding to the pixel. If that party's cookies are currently stored in your browser, those cookies will be transmitted with the request. Beacons can be used on web pages for advertising or to confirm the opening of a marketing email. When used in conjunction with cookies for interest-based-advertising, the cookie controls above can be used to control the purpose for which they are used.
Read
4. HTML5 Local Storage.
HTML5 Local Storage in the browser is different from cookies, but can be used for the same purpose (to pair a tracking ID to a particular web server with your web browser so that the web server can identify your web browser over time). You can control the purpose for which HTML5 Local Storage is used by using the cookie controls outlined above.
Read
5. Flash Cookie Use.
Flash cookies are "local shared objects" used by Flash player to store data, similar to cookies. If you have Flash installed, and wish to delete, block, or manage Flash cookies, please use the Flash settings panel made available by Adobe.
Read
6. Manage Your Location Services.
You can also turn off the transmission of precise Location Data by turning off those services using your mobile device's built-in settings. Turning off location may cause some of our Services not to work.
Read
7. Change Consent Settings for Communication Preferences.
Consent for Email Communication: After signing up for email communications, you can choose to unsubscribe using the unsubscribe link in any email we send.
If you use more than one Product, then unsubscribing from the emails relating to that Product will not stop you from receiving emails from other Products. Please note that if you unsubscribe from "all emails" this means "all emails other than strictly necessary emails." You will still receive email communications from us if they are strictly necessary to provide the Sportpan Limited service or to confirm or validate a transaction, recover accounts, etc.
Mobile Push Notifications: As a manager/captain, you can manage the type of push notifications you receive from teamo by modifying the settings within teamo. Click here for more information on how to update your push notification settings for our Services. All players can manage notifications for Chats within the Chat Information page.
You may also set your mobile device settings to not allow push notifications from all Sportplan Limited products.
Read
Data Retention
For purposes of these Terms, an "active account" means interaction with our Products (Websites or applications), emails or ongoing payments for Sportplan Limited Services. We will retain your Personal Data for as long as you maintain an active account. We will also retain your Personal Data as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Where we no longer need to process your Personal Data for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy Sportplan will delete your Personal Data from our systems after an inactive account of a period of 12 months.
Teamo will delete your Personal Data from our systems 12 months after the club becomes inactive.
Where permissible, we will also delete your Personal Data upon your request.
If you would like to make a deletion request, or have any questions about our data retention practices, please contact info@sportplan.com.
Security
We implement appropriate technical and organizational safeguards to protect against unauthorised or unlawful processing of Personal Data and against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorised disclosure of, or access to Personal Data. Please be advised, however, that we cannot fully eliminate security risks associated with the storage and transmission of Personal Data.
Links to Other Websites: Please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control or to people that we do not employ or manage. Our Services may provide a link or otherwise provide access to Third-Party Sites. We provide these links merely for your convenience. We have no control over, do not review, and are not responsible for Third-Party Sites, their content, or any goods or services available through the Third-Party Sites. Our Privacy Policy does not apply to Third-Party Sites, and any data you provide to Third-Party Sites, you provide at your own risk. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any Third-Party Sites with that you interact with.
Children's Policy
Sportplan/ RugbyCoaching.tv/ RugbyCoachingDrills.com: Children under the age of 13 should not use Sportplan/ RugbyCoaching.tv/ RugbyCoachingDrills.com without the consent of their parents/guardians and must not attempt to register with said services and/or submit any personal information to us. Sportplan/ RugbyCoaching.tv/ RugbyCoachingDrills.com does not knowingly collect personal information from any person who is under the age of 13. If it comes to our attention that we have collected personal data from a person under the age of 13, we will delete this information as quickly as possible. If you have reason to believe that this has occurred, please contact us via info@sportplan.com, and we will delete any such information. We recommend that children between the ages of 13 and 17 should ask their parents or legal guardians for permission before registering with any Sportplan limited service.
Teamo: Children under the age of 18 should not use teamo without the consent of their parents/guardians and must not attempt to register with our services and/or submit any personal information to us. Teamo does not knowingly collect personal information from any person who is under the age of 18 without parental consent. If it comes to our attention that we have collected personal data from a person under the age of 18 without parental consent, we will delete this information as quickly as possible. If you have reason to believe that this has occurred, please contact us via info@sportplan.com, and we will delete any such information.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions, comments, or concerns about how we handle your Personal Data, then you may contact us through our Support Team
or write to us at:
Aberdeen House
South Road
Haywards Heath
West Sussex
RH16 4NG
United Kingdom
Join now for free
search our library of
sports drills
create your own professional coaching plans
or access our tried and tested plans
Recent Blog entries
Tips for Avoiding Player Burnout in Your Team
See our top tips for you to avoid player burnout and help get players reaching their potential. By putting a bit more emphasis on how individuals feel, performance and longevity in Sport can be improved.
read
more
Back To Training: Zone Games
Create a fun and competitive session when you're back in training with a variety of zone games. These ideas are bound to take training satisfaction to the next level.
read
more
Visit our blog to see more
posts
Latest Tweets
Tweets by @SportplanTeam
Official On-line Coaching Partner
Top Answers
Do you offer packages for Schools/Clubs?
Eleanor Durr,
Player
England
Answers: 4
Viewed: 20567 times
Does anyone have a drill to encourage U11s to come forward for a pass?
Aimee Hodson,
Coach
Australia
Answers: 15
Viewed: 19182 times
Read
more sports answers
Join now for free
search our library of
sports drills
create your own professional coaching plans
or access our tried and tested plans
Close
Tennis
Search and hit enter
Search