https://www.laserquest.com/privacy-statement/
Privacy Statement
Home>Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
Laser Quest
2017-12-12T17:38:58-06:00
Protecting Your Privacy
Laser Quest (“LQ”, “we”, “us” or “our”) values your business and is committed to helping to protect the privacy of our customers’ personal information. It may be necessary for customers to share certain personal information with us to allow our company to operate effectively in delivering services to them. We respect that trust and as such, have implemented policies and procedures as part of our compliance efforts in view of the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA) in Canada and Federal and/or State Privacy legislation in the US. Personal information is information about an identifiable individual, as more particularly defined in PIPEDA, applicable Federal and State legislation, and applicable Provincial privacy legislation. This statement applies to a collection, use and disclosure of personal information in Canada and the US.
How We Collect, Use and Disclose Your Information
Customers may share personal information with Laser Quest so that we may provide them with products and services that best meet their needs.
Confirm Customer bookings
Communicate with LQ Arena Members
Communicate with job applicants
Respond to Customer inquiries or concerns
Notify Customers of new/special products or services
General Personal Information practices
In addition to the above, Laser Quest generally uses personal information:
To maintain business records for reasonable periods
To generally manage and administer our business
To meet legal, regulartory, insurance, security, audit and processing requirements
Otherwise with your consent, or as permitted or required by law
We do not sell or share customer information.
Our Website
In general, you can visit our websites and view their content while remaining anonymous by not providing any personal information. Our websites collect non-identifiable information that becomes available to us as a result of your visit to our website. This information includes, for example, your IP address (a number automatically assigned your computer when you visit the website, and which is logged by our servers), your Internet Service Provider (ISP), your Web browser, the type of operating system, the domain name of the website which linked you to our site, and the pages you visited while you were using the website.
Cookies
We may from time to time use cookies on this website. Cookies are small text files that your web browser leaves on your hard drive to allow for personalization of certain aspects of visits to websites or identify a visitor’s browser to a website each time the site is visited. Information that may be gathered from cookies by us in this way is only used on an aggregate basis. Unless a visitor specifically provides their identity to us (e.g. by providing information through an online form or sending us correspondence from the website), we will not know who the individual visitors are. We may use cookies to store preferences; record session information; develop information about website visitors’ general preferences and interests; or record past activity at a site in order to provide better service when you return to our site.
You can disable cookies using your Internet browser’s settings. Please consult your browser’s help function for information on how to disable cookies. Note that if you disable cookies, certain features of our website may not function properly.
Contacting Us
If you make inquiries through the contact methods in the “Contact Us” or similar sections of our websites, these inquiries are forwarded to the relevant department, and are used to respond to your inquiry and maintain a record of correspondence.
Third Party Links
Our websites may contain links to other websites that are provided as a convenience only, and which may have different privacy policies and practices than Laser Quest’s. We have no responsibility for such third party websites, and individuals are advised to review the privacy policies of any third party websites they visit.
We Strive to Protect Your Personal Information
All Employees who are granted access to customer records are instructed as to the need to keep this information protected and confidential, and that they are to use the information only for the purposes intended. This expectation is clearly and formally communicated. We’ve also established physical and systems safeguards, along with the proper processes, to protect customer information from unauthorized access or use.
Your Privacy Choices
Consent to the collection, use and disclosure of personal information may be given in various ways. Consent can be express (for example, orally, electronically or on a form you may sign describing the intended uses and disclosures of personal information) or implied (for example, when you provide information necessary for a service you have requested). Consent may be given by your authorized representative (such as a legal guardian or a person having a power of attorney).
Generally, by providing us with personal information, we will assume that you consent to our collection, use and disclosure of such information for the purposes identified or described in this privacy statement, if applicable, or otherwise at the time of collection.
You may withdraw your consent at any time (subject to legal and contractual obligation and on providing us reasonable notice) by contacting our Privacy Officer at the address below. Please be aware that withdrawing your consent may prevent us from providing you with the requested product or service.
Access and Correction
Laser Quest may establish and maintain a file of your personal information for the purposes described in this statement, which will be accessible at the address below. If you wish to request access or correction of your personal information in our custody or control, you may write to our Privacy Officer at the address below. Your right to access or correct your personal information is subject to applicable legal restrictions.
Contacting Us
For more information about our privacy policies and procedures, or to withdraw consent or request access or correction, please contact our Privacy Officer at:
Privacy Officer
Laser Quest
3415 American Drive
Mississauga, ON
L4V 1T4
Privacy Statement Changes
This privacy statement may be revised from time to time. If we intend to use or disclose personal information for purposes not described in this statement, we will make reasonable efforts to notify affected individuals in advance, if necessary. If you are concerned about how your personal information is used, you should contact us as described above or check back at our website periodically to obtain a current copy of this statement. This privacy statement is effective as of July 1, 2004.
Test Title
Test content
×