https://www.inquirer.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Updated November 19, 2020.
This Privacy Policy describes how The Philadelphia Inquirer collects, uses, processes, maintains and shares your Personal Information, as well as your choices regarding the use, access, and collection of your Personal Information on Inquirer.com. The Personal Information and other information that is collected on our site may vary based on your interaction with us. By using our Inquirer.com site, or any of our other Digital Properties or purchasing a subscription through any of our Digital Properties to any of our digital or print products, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
We encourage you to read this privacy policy and any other privacy notices we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing Personal Information and other information about you so that you are fully aware of how and why The Philadelphia Inquirer is using data about you collected on Inquirer.com and our other Digital Properties, who can use that data and the purposes for which it can be used. This privacy policy supplements any other privacy notices that we may provide and is not intended to override them.
Set forth below are links to various sections of this privacy policy. We have included these links to make it easy for you to find the information that you are looking for.
I. IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT WHO WE ARE AND THIS POLICY
II. WHAT CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE GATHER ABOUT YOU?
III. HOW IS YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION RECEIVED, COLLECTED, AND USED?
IV. WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
V. CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS NOTICE
VI. CERTAIN INFORMATION ABOUT THE GENERAL DATA PROTECTION REGULATION AND PRIVACY SHIELD INFORMATION
VII. DATA INTEGRITY AND SECURITY
VIII. MINIMIZATION, RETENTION, AND DELETION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
IX. ACCEPTANCE AND CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
X. WHO SHOULD YOU CONTACT IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS?
I. IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT WHO WE ARE AND THIS POLICY
The Philadelphia Inquirer, LLC
The Philadelphia Inquirer, LLC is the publisher of The Philadelphia Inquirer, the Philadelphia Daily News, an edition of The Philadelphia Inquirer, and Inquirer.com. In this privacy policy, “The Philadelphia Inquirer”, “The Inquirer”, “we”, “us” and “our” mean The Philadelphia Inquirer, LLC and or any of its affiliates.
Information About this Policy
This Privacy Policy aims to give you information on how we receive, collect and process your Personal Information and other data when you use Inquirer.com, our mobile applications and/or “apps” (including digital editions, and any of our current or future apps, social media channels, electronic newsletters, and all other The Inquirer digital properties, including those that we launch after the date of this policy using additional forms of media and new technologies (collectively, the “Digital Properties”), The Philadelphia Inquirer and the Philadelphia Daily News newspapers, and any other print publications that we may publish from time to time, and any of our other products or services (for example, podcasts, classified ads, events, contests and promotions, surveys, merchandise, and similar products and/or services). These products and services are referred to throughout this Privacy Policy as “Services”.
Personal Information
For purposes of this Policy, Personal Information is information about a specific individual including name, address, telephone number, and email address-- when used to identify that individual. Certain information that is not Personal Information (such as an address) can be Personal Information when it is linked to other information about you. For detailed information about the kinds of Personal Information that we gather about you through our Digital Properties, please refer to Section II, below. Certain third parties collect information about you (which includes, in some cases, Personal Information) on our site (1) for the purpose of delivering to you, and helping us to deliver to you, advertising and content that reflects your interests and (2) for certain other legitimate business purposes. For information about the third parties that collect data on our site for purposes of Targeted Advertising, visit https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated.
Third party links and applications.
This policy does not apply to information you provide to, or gathered by, third parties through their sites, apps and other digital products, including those that you may access through our Digital Properties. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to independently collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites, platforms and applications and are not responsible for their privacy statements. If you access a third-party site through our site, it is the privacy policy of the third party that governs the collection and use of information about you on that site. For more information about third party sites, apps and other digital products, please go to Section III of this Policy.
CHILDREN’S ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION NOTICE
The Inquirer’s Digital Properties and Services are not designed or intended for children under the age of 13. In accordance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, we do not knowingly collect or store any Personal Information for children under the age of 13. If you are under 13, please do not use Inquirer.com.
II. WHAT CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE GATHER ABOUT YOU?
When you use our Services, we may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of Personal Information about you, including, but not limited to, the following types of Personal Information:
Personal Information you provide to us when you use our Services, such as:
Identity Data - (for example, your first name, maiden name, last name, username or similar identifier, birth year, gender, marital status, title, or other basic demographic information); Contact Data - (for example, your billing address, delivery address, email address and telephone numbers); Financial Data - (for example your bank account and payment card details); Transaction Data - (for example, details about payments to and from you and other details of Services you have purchased from us); Mobile Device Location Data - (for example, if you use our mobile applications and permit certain precise location settings and permissions, you consent to providing us with access to your precise geolocation information—such as information based on your GPS coordinates—so that we can deliver customized content or advertising to you based on your current location. You may withdraw this consent at any time by turning off those same settings and permissions in your app and mobile device, but such withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of processing the previously collected information); Usage Data - (for example, information about how you use our Digital Properties and Services, including, for example, if you contact The Inquirer, we may log information about the means through which you contacted us and our interaction with you); Profile Data - (for example, your username and password, purchases or orders made by you, your interests, preferences, feedback and survey responses); Marketing and Communications Data - (for example, your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties, if any, and your communication preferences); Technical Data (for example, your internet protocol (IP) address, internet service provider (ISP), your login data, browser type and version, browser language, referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, clickstream data, time zone setting and basic geolocation, device type, unique device identifiers, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access our Services and Digital Properties).
We do not collect sensitive personal information, such as information about your political views, religious affiliation or gender orientation.
We allow certain third parties who deliver advertising on our site to collect certain Personal Information about you on our site, but that data does not include identity, contact or financial data, as described above, and to use that data for marketing and other legitimate business purposes.
We collect, use and share Aggregated Data, such as statistical or demographic data for our legitimate business purposes and allow certain third parties to do the same. Aggregated Data is data about our users that is combined to learn more about our users as a group, and as subsets of that group, including statistical and demographic data. We collect, use and share Aggregated Data for any purpose. Aggregated Data may be derived from your Personal Information but is not considered Personal Information for purposes of this Policy because Aggregated Data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature. If we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your Personal Information so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, however, we treat the combined data as Personal Information which will be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Personal Information does not include, and this privacy policy does not cover, data from which individual persons cannot be identified, where the identity of an individual has been irretrievably removed, or situations in which personal information is anonymized. If we need to collect Personal Information to comply with applicable law, under the terms of a contract we have with you, or for our legitimate interests, and you fail to provide that information when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with Services, such as delivering a print subscription to your home or delivering a newsletter by e-mail). In those cases, and other similar cases, we may have to cancel a product or service you have with us, but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
III. HOW IS YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION RECEIVED, COLLECTED, AND USED?
We may collect, receive, and use your Personal Information in different situations and for different purposes, including:
To Provide Services. We may collect your Personal Information, third parties, online, offline or public resources in order to process your order and provide Services, including in order to maintain, support, personalize, and improve our Services (including our Services and Digital Properties), deliver and provide the requested Services, communicate with you about those Services (including to request feedback) or request your participation in surveys, discuss your account or renew your subscription, and comply with and enforce contractual obligations. In order to process your orders and payments and manage your payment methods, it may be necessary for us to share your Personal Information, including your Financial Information, with certain third-party service providers. We may also combine that Personal Information and/or allow our third-party service providers to combine that information with other information we have collected from you, third parties, or public sources for legitimate business purposes.
To Provide Relevant Information about our Services.
When you sign up to receive any of our Services, we may collect and use your Personal Information in order to provide you with information about our Services and your account with us. For example, we may use your Personal Information to provide you with information about:
our Services, individually or in combination; changes to our Services, including but not limited to the addition of Services; features, benefits and aspects of our Services that may be of interest to you; news stories; upcoming events; your account with us; content and publications that may be of interest to you; information about enhancements to our Services;
information about our parent companies, including The Lenfest Institute, and promotions for its efforts; your participation as a contributor to our Services, whether through comments, contributions or other means;
other information related to our Services, your account and/or your relationship with us; and other similar information.
We may share your information with our affiliates, including those entities that have equity and/or voting interests in The Philadelphia Inquirer, LLC and we may also share your Personal Information with third party service providers to facilitate these communications on our behalf and at our direction. We may also obtain information about you from other companies that have your permission to share that information, as well as from other online and offline sources, which we may then combine with information that we collect directly and indirectly from you, for these purposes.
We share Financial Data only for purposes of processing payments from you, updating payment card information, having third parties process payments from you on our behalf, complying with government and legal requests, for the purposes of financial auditing, in response to certain emergencies, and in certain other business transactions and other matters in which The Inquirer has a legitimate interest in sharing that information.
To Deliver Targeted Marketing and to allow our Partners to do the same.
When you sign up to use our Services, we may collect and use your Personal Information to communicate with you about products and services that may be of interest to you, and which may be provided by us, or by our advertisers, partners, third party marketing partners, or other third parties for legitimate business purposes. Some of those messages are sent to directly market products or services to you. You can manage those communications by:
opting out of those communications when you subscribe; using the unsubscribe link in the applicable e-mail;
emailing us at DigitalSupport@Inquirer.com; or
calling us at: 215-854-4171
To Support our Relationship with You.
Subscribers to The Philadelphia Inquirer, the Philadelphia Daily News, Inquirer.com and/ or any of our other Digital Products may receive certain newsletters and other communications as part of our product offerings and as part of the management of their subscriptions. Subscribers may opt out of specific categories of newsletters by using the unsubscribe link in the applicable e-mail. Please note that some of our advertising and third-party advertising is contained within newsletters that contain editorial content. If you would like to avoid this advertising, you must opt out of the newsletter.
If you opt out of direct marketing communications, please note that we will need to maintain in our records and process your Personal Information to the extent it is needed to maintain a suppression list. Also, if you are a subscriber to our products or services, you will continue to receive information and communications pertaining to your account with us and/or services we that we offer, even where you have opted out of direct marketing communications, so you can continue to receive newsletters and other communications that are part of our product offerings and so we can communicate with you about your account.
To Respond to Inquiries made by you.
We may collect your Personal Information when you contact us for information or support for our Digital Properties, Services, and/or other information, in order to respond and provide the appropriate assistance and response and use that information for the purpose of providing you with tailored customer service and to improve our customer service.
To Deliver Targeted Advertising. We may collect and use your Personal Information to allow us and certain third parties that have advertising relationships with us to deliver targeted advertising to you. We also allow third parties who deliver targeted advertising on our site to collect information about you through our Digital Properties. Cookies are used to help target advertising to you. You can learn more about certain types of targeted advertising by visiting the following websites Digital Advertising Alliance, Network Advertising Initiative or the Interactive Advertising Bureau (iab), and can disable cookies on AdChoices. In addition to disabling cookies and other tracking technologies, you may opt-out of receiving targeted advertising from participating ad networks, audience segment providers, ad serving vendors, and other service providers by visiting websites operated by the Digital Advertising Alliance. For more information about cookies, visit https://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb.
The collection of data through interactive advertising on our site is subject to certain industry self-regulating guidelines. The Inquirer is a member of the Interactive Advertising Bureau (the “iab”) and conducts its online behavioral advertising (which is sometimes referred to as targeted advertising) in accordance with the industry self-regulating guidelines, including the iab Code of Conduct, Digital Advertising Alliance Self Regulatory Principles and the Code of the Network Advertising Initiative, to the extent the Code applies to online publishers.
To Provide You with Content that Reflects your Interests. We may collect and use your Personal Information to provide you with easier access to news and information that reflects your interests, and content in which you have previously viewed.
To Facilitate the processing of Classified Advertising Purchased by You. We may collect Personal Information from you, for example your Contact and Financial Data, when processing your purchase of a classified ad.
To Facilitate the processing of Contest Entries, the Award of Prizes, Tickets to Events and Similar Activities. We may need to collect Personal Information when you choose to participate in a promotion, sweepstakes, contest, prize draw, other competition or when you choose to attend, or purchase tickets for an event that we organize and/or sponsor. The information we collect will be needed to administer such promotions as well as communicate with you about the same. For example, we may need to collect your name, age, birth year, contact information, and other Personal Information to comply with the rules and legal requirements governing the promotion and to verify participants and the winner’s identity. We may also share this information with third parties who sponsor, organize or contribute products or services to those promotions, or from whom we purchase prizes for certain promotions (such as airline tickets, hotel accommodations, etc.) for fulfillment and promotional purposes, and with the Internal Revenue Service and other government agencies for tax reporting purposes, and for the other purposes described in this policy.
To Survey, Obtain Feedback, Seek Testimonials, and to Engage our Readers through Comments and Contributions. We may collect your Personal Information when you choose to engage with us in a consumer panel, survey, or otherwise give us feedback. Also, we may use reader testimonials, contributions and/or exemplars in or on our Digital Properties, publications, or other The Inquirer marketing materials, which may require the inclusion of Personal Information, such as your name, photograph, user name or other similar information. For more information about our commenting platform and contributions you submit for publication through our Digital Properties, click here:
To Monitor Digital Properties Usage, Trends, and Experience. As is true with most websites and digital properties, when you interact with our digital properties, or by email, we may automatically collect, or facilitate the collection of, Personal Information on your interactions with us and our Digital Properties and about your equipment. For example, we may collect Personal Information by using first and third-party cookies, Flash cookies, HTML5 local storage, server logs, web beacons, clear gifs, and other similar technologies. We use these automated technologies and the Personal Information collected through them for different purposes. For example, some of these technologies are strictly necessary for the core functionality of our Digital Properties and providing our Services, including performance analytics, personalization, and in order to provide secure Digital Properties and Services, and are automatically deployed. For certain Digital Properties, we may tailor your interactions with our Digital Properties when you are logged in using your user account by remembering information you entered on our websites or to provide information you requested on our Digital Properties, including subscriber content access. These cookies also help us know where you have indicated certain cookie and advertising preferences, including refusals, to ensure your preferences are honored.
We also use functional cookies and technologies to help us improve our Digital Properties and Services, as well as our relationships with our readers and their experiences on our Digital Properties. For example, we may use third party applications and automated technologies, like Google Analytics and Parse.ly, to determine how often our readers access or read our content, so we can enhance our Services, provide the most interesting content, and gain readership.
You can manage the use of certain cookies on our site at https://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb. The data collected by that technology may be used to target ads at other websites and may be transferred to third parties.
We also obtain Personal Information about You from Third Parties. For example, we may obtain Personal Information about you from various third parties, and use it for various purposes related to our business and to improving the Products and Services that we provide to you, including
Vendors, Consultants, and other Service Providers. We may receive your Personal Information from various third parties and public sources in connection with the operation of our business and the Services we provide you, including for the functionality and security of our Digital Properties and other products and services The Inquirer products and/or services, to satisfy legal obligations or enforce legal rights, to enhance and otherwise improve our Digital Properties, Services and content, and to provide you with enhanced experiences. These third parties and public sources could include: our business partners, subcontractors in technical, payment, and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers, marketing partners, search information providers, social media platforms, or credit reference agencies.
For example, some third parties gather Personal Information on our behalf for the purpose of understanding how users are using our sites, making improvements to our sites, services, content, and products, and for providing or delivering the Services. Those third-party service providers may use cookies to build individual reader profiles, which we use to provide you with content, advertising and messaging tailored to your interests. We do not control third party service provider websites, platforms or applications collecting your Personal Information, in this regard, and are not responsible for their privacy statements. We encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit or application you use when you use or enable these platforms and applications or leave our Digital Properties. You may also be able to manage the automated technologies being used for these purposes, and your preferences, by managing your settings on your browser or through the devices that you use to access our site.
Third Party Sites. We may allow you to register and pay for third party products and services or otherwise interact with a third party’s website, mobile application, or digital property (collectively “Third Party Sites”) through our own websites, apps, or digital properties. When doing so, we may collect Personal Information that you share with Third Party Sites depending upon that Third Party’s privacy practices. We do not control these third-party websites, platforms and applications collecting your Personal Information and are not responsible for their privacy statements. We encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit or application you use when you use or enable these platforms and applications or leave our Digital Properties to inform your choices about using them. Some sections of our websites are operated by third parties.
Marketing Research/Statistics. We may collect your Personal Information directly or through our third-party marketing partners (“Marketing Partners”) as necessary to help us and our Marketing Partners research and develop new products, services, updates, generate business or the like on our behalf. For example, we may analyze statistical, demographic, and marketing information for product development purposes and to understand usage and traffic trends to grow our readership and to improve our relationship with you. In some cases, those third parties are also granted the right to use that data on an anonymized and aggregated basis to help improve their products and services. We may also obtain certain data about you from third party sources including our Marketing Partners or other vendors, consultants and Service Providers to help us provide and improve our content, products, services, websites and digital properties, as well as for marketing and advertising. We may combine that data with information we obtain from our products, services and digital properties, other users, or third parties to enhance your experience and improve our content, products and services.
Marketing and Advertisers. We may collect your Personal Information and share that information with third party advertisers or sponsors in order to support and grow our business and journalism as well as bring you relevant content, information, and advertisements. For example, your Personal Information may be used to inform advertisers about the nature of our subscriber base and the number of unique visitors that have viewed a particular ad or visited a particular webpage. We may also use your Personal Information to publish summary information regarding, for example, our publications’ readers or online visitors for promotional purposes and as a representative audience for advertisers, sponsors, and affiliates.
User Experience and Advertisements. Your Personal Information may also be collected by us or by third parties with services or advertisements on our Digital Properties in order to customize your interactions and provide a more meaningful advertisement experience (for example, so you do not see the same advertisement repeatedly). Depending upon your settings, cookies may also allow third parties engaged in interest-based advertising on our site to recognize your browser software on other sites, as well. Your consent for this collection and use may be managed in a variety of ways at the operating system level of your device or equipment, through third-party platform extensions. If you do not accept cookies from these third parties, your access to our Products will not be affected, but your experience with our Products may be affected.
When we provide you geographically relevant Services, offers, or advertising. With your consent, which may be provided when you enable certain features on your mobile or electronic device, we may collect your Mobile Device Location Data, and use such data to provide you with content, Services, offers, or advertising through your app or device that are relevant to your precise location. We may also use such information to improve our Digital Properties, content, and Services. This precise location data will be stored on your mobile device. You may have the right to withdraw your consent at any time by changing the settings on your app but such withdrawal will have no impact on the lawfulness of the prior processing. Please note some features and functions may not work properly if location services is/are disabled.
Social Media Platforms. If you log into the Services with a social media service or if you connect a social media account with the Services, we may share your information with that social media service. The social media services’ use of the shared information will be governed by the social media services’ privacy policy and your social media account settings. If you do not want your information shared in this way, do not connect your social media service account with your Services.
Events. We may collect or receive your Personal Information when you register for or attend an event hosted or sponsored by us. If the event is in partnership with a third party, that information may be gathered by the third party, and shared with us. If we gather that information from you directly, we may share your Personal Information with that interested party, for example so they have an attendance list, or if they need to contact you with event details. We will not share your information with them for their marketing purposes without your consent, which may be obtained at the time of your registration or through a supplemental privacy notice, but will not be required in order to attend.
Creating a Public Profile. We may collect your Personal Information, such as content ID, and profile data, when you create a “Public Profile” or when you provide information in order to comment on any of our Digital Properties. If you create a public profile with us to comment on articles or share content on our forums or discussion groups, the information that you share becomes public.
Online Engagement through our Products. Whether or not you created a Public Profile, we may collect your Personal Information when you engage with our websites, digital properties and online communities. This may occur when you click on advertisements, interact with our social media pages, submit content, leave reviews, or otherwise enter information into comment fields, blogs, message boards, events, and other online forums sponsored by or affiliated with Inquirer.com. Please note that our online forums are public, so we recommend that you exercise care in deciding what information and content you wish to disclose. For additional information, please view our Terms of Use, which are available at: https://www.Inquirer.com/about/terms_and_conditions/#Use and Commenting Terms, which are available at: https://www.Inquirer.com/about/terms_and_conditions/#Commenting
Publicly available Sources. We may also obtain information about you from other companies that have your permission to share information about you, as well as from other online and offline sources. We may combine that information with information that we collect directly and indirectly from you.
We use the Personal Information for various purposes, including:
Government Reporting/Audit/Requests Requirements. We may use or share Personal Information in order to satisfy governmental reporting, tax, and other requirements (e.g., import/export), as required by law. This may include having to meet U.S. national security or law enforcement, regulatory, or self- regulatory requirements.
To verify and/or authenticate an identity, access rights, privileges, etc. For example, we may use Personal Information to authenticate and permit online access to subscriber and/or user account information. We may also obtain information about you from other companies that have your permission to share information about you, as well as from other online and offline sources. We may combine that information with information that we collect directly and indirectly from you.
At your Direction. In certain circumstances, we may collect and use your Personal Information at your direction or as otherwise needed to fulfill the purposes for which you provided the Personal Information or that were distributed when it was collected.
Other Business-Related Purposes. For other business-related purposes permitted or required under applicable local law and regulation or to enforce our agreements, policies, and terms of service.
As otherwise obligated by law. For example, subpoena or similar legal process compliance, if we have a good faith belief the disclosure is legally necessary for the protection of rights, safety, or fraud investigations, to protect The Inquirer, you, our readers and subscribers, or the public from harm or illegal activities.
Emergency. To respond to an emergency which we believe in good faith requires us to assist in preventing the death or serious bodily injury of any person.
Consent. If we otherwise notify you and you consent to the sharing.
Other Information about the Personal Information that You Share with Us and How We Use It.
Third Party Personal Information.
Please keep in mind, before you disclose to us the Personal Information of another person, you must obtain that person’s consent to both the disclosure and the processing of that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you choose to provide us with that Personal Information, you represent that you have that other person’s permission to do so.
Change of purpose.
We will only use your Personal Information for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact us, as set forth in Section X of this Privacy Policy.
IV. WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Except as set out in this Privacy Policy or as required by law we do not sell, license, rent, or swap your Personal Information without your permission. We may have to share your Personal Information with the categories and types of parties set out herein for the purposes outlined in Section III. For example, we may share your Personal Information between The Inquirer entities, with our parent companies, including The Lenfest Institute for Journalism, our service providers and vendors, with our advertising and Marketing Partners, social media platform providers, online forum visitors, or research and analytics solution providers. We require all third parties to respect the security of your Personal Information and to treat it in accordance with the applicable law. Here are some examples of how we may share your information:
The Inquirer Entities. Your Personal Information may be shared among The Inquirer entities to provide our Services and to better understand our business, analyze our operations, improve the Services, and to develop new Services to support our business and journalism goals. In addition, we share Personal Information to provide readers with information on the Services that we think are most relevant to them and to enable us to measure the success of our marketing activities. Service Providers and Vendors. We contract with service providers to help us with credit card and bill processing, shipping, email distribution, list processing, analytics and promotions management, and ad serving. We provide service providers only with the information they need to perform their services. We prohibit them from sharing, reselling, or using your Personal Information for their own direct marketing purposes. For example, if you subscribe to the print edition of The Philadelphia Inquirer or the Philadelphia Daily News or are a registered user of Inquirer.com, we may share your email address with service providers necessary to send you emails (including newsletters) on our behalf. That service provider may not share your email address or Personal Information with any third parties, and may only send you emails on behalf of The Inquirer. Other service providers may help us with delivering or shipping to you our print newspapers and publications, or other products you may order, and to ensure fulfillment of your orders and purchases. Another we may share, or facilitate the sharing of, your Personal Information is with third party retail or payment processing platforms or vendors in order to process and confirm payment. Or, we may share your Personal Information with third party customer service providers and vendors that allow us to assist in answering consumer inquiries and complaints and address our readers’ technical issues, as well as to receive and collect reader feedback on our Services, etc. As described in Section III, we may also engage service providers to collect and analyze information about our readers’ use of our Digital Properties in order for us to improve our Services and grow our business. Social Media Platforms. We may use widgets and tools from third party social media platforms on our Digital Properties to enable sharing and other functions through social media platforms, which facilitates the collection and sharing of your Personal Information by these social media platforms. Promotions, Contests, Surveys, and Events. We may facilitate the collection of, or share your Personal Information with, third party service providers, vendors, co-hosts, co-sponsors, or the like when we conduct, administer, host, or co-sponsor promotions, contests, surveys, or events. Marketing and Advertising Partners. We share personal data with third parties for marketing and advertising, such as Google and Facebook, so they can assist us in promoting our Services on and off our Digital Properties to current and future readers and subscribers through targeted advertisements. Third Party Advertisers. We may share your Personal Information with third party advertisers. Generally, we will only share aggregated statistical, demographic and marketing analyses of readers and their browsing and purchasing patterns to inform advertisers about the nature of our reader base, which does not contain Personal Information. Merger or Acquisition Partners. We may share your Personal Information with third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your Personal Information in the same way as set out in this Privacy Policy. With other third parties, as required for legal compliance, law enforcement, public safety, or security purposes. For example, we may disclose your Personal Information if we have a good faith belief that disclosure is necessary to comply with the law or with legal process, such as to comply with a subpoena, protect and defend our rights and property, to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our websites, or to protect the personal safety or property of our users or the public. For example, we may release Personal Information to comply with a court order or subpoena. Or, if you provide false information or attempt to pose as someone else, we may release Personal Information as part of any investigation into your actions.
We allow certain third parties to collect data from our site, including Personal Information, and to aggregate and to anonymize that data so it cannot identify you, and to use it for various purposes, including, but not limited to providing us with services and improving the services they provide to us and to third parties.
V. CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS NOTICE
If you are a California resident, you have the right, under California Civil Code Section 1798.83, to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, a list of the third parties to whom we have disclosed Personal Information for their direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year. Please email requests for such information to DataPrivacy@inquirer.com.
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) and other California privacy laws provide California residents with specific privacy rights. This Notice (“Notice”) provides California residents with the information about our information collection and use practices required by the CCPA and and supplement The Inquirer’s Privacy Policy for California residents only.
NOTICE REGARDING COLLECTION OF DATA.
This Notice provides information about the categories of personal information that we collect from California residents generally, the purposes for which we use the information, the sources of the information, and the categories of third parties to whom we disclose the information for business purposes.
1. INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We have collected information in the following categories of personal information from consumers within the last twelve (12) months. The examples provided in this chart represent a broad range of information in these categories. While Social Security numbers, driver's licence numbers, passport numbers are included in some of the categories in which we collect personal information, we only collect that information for employment and credit purposes.
Category Examples Collected
A. Identifiers A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver's license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers. YES
B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)). A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver's license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information. Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories. YES
C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law. Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information).
NO
D. Commercial information. Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies. YES
E. Biometric information. Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data. NO
F. Internet or other similar network activity. Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement. YES
G. Geolocation data. Physical location or movements. YES
H. Sensory data. Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information. NO
I. Professional or employment-related information. Current or past job history or performance evaluations. NO
J. Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)). Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records. NO
K. Inferences drawn from other personal information. Profile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes. NO
Personal information does not include:
Publicly available information from government records. De-identified or aggregated consumer information. Information excluded from the CCPA’s scope, like:
health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial data; personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FRCA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver’s Privacy Protection Act of 1994.
We obtain the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly from you (e.g. from forms you complete on our website). Indirectly from you (e.g. from observing your actions on our website or interactions with our advertisers).
2. USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may use, transfer or disclose the personal information as described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA.
SHARING PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may disclose your personal information to a third party for a business purpose or sell your personal information, subject to your right to opt-out of those sales (see Personal Information Sales Opt-Out and Opt-In Rights). When we disclose personal information for a business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract, except with respect to aggregated and anonymized data, which those parties may have the right to use for any legitimate business purpose. We do not allow interactive advertisements to collect data from residents of California. The CCPA prohibits third parties who purchase the personal information we hold from reselling it unless you have received explicit notice and an opportunity to opt-out of further sales.
3.1 Disclosures of Personal Information for a Business Purpose
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have disclosed information in the following categories of personal information to Service Providers for a business purpose: Identifiers, Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)), Commercial information, Geolocation data and Internet or other similar network activity.
3.2 Sales of Personal Information
In the preceding twelve (12) months, Company used, transferred, or disclosed the following categories of personal information: Identifiers, Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)), Commercial information, Geolocation Data and Internet or other similar network activity.
We use, transfer, or otherwise disclose your personal information to the following categories of third parties:
Service Providers Affiliates Internet Cookie Data Recipients
CCPA Privacy, Data Access & Deletion Rights. If you are a California resident, the CCPA provides you with the right to request that we:
Inform you about (1) the categories of personal information we collect or disclose about you; (2) the categories of sources of such information; (3) the business or commercial purpose for collecting your personal information; and (4) the categories of third parties with whom we share/disclose personal information; Provide you with access to and/or a copy of certain personal information we have collected and stored about you; Delete from our records certain personal information we have collected and/or stored about you.
We need certain types of information so that we can provide our products and services to you. If you ask us to delete it, you may no longer be able to access or use our products and/or services.
Right to Opt Out of the Sale of Personal Information. If you are a California resident, the CCPA gives you the right to opt out of the “sale” of your personal information. We may sell certain of your information to third parties to provide you with offers and promotions and opportunities that may be of interest to you.
Under the CCPA, a “sale” is defined to include allowing third parties to receive certain information, such as cookies, IP address, and/or browsing behavior, to deliver interest-based advertising through our products and/or services. Advertising, including interest-based advertising, allows us to provide you with offers and information that may be of interest to you. Residents of California have the right to opt out of these sales by going to the California Residents Do Not Sell My Data Request form. Please note that we do not deliver interest-based advertising to users known or believed to be located in California.
Depending on what products or services you use, we may provide the following categories of personal information to third parties to allow entities with whom we have business relationships to use for purposes of improving their products and services: Identifiers, Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)), Commercial information, Geolocation Data and Internet or other similar network activity.
Verification of Your Identity. Before we act on any opt-out request or any request for information or the deletion of information, we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity. Those steps may vary based on the information that you have requested from us.
If you have authorized a third party to act as your agent to exercise your rights under the CCPA, you must provide the authorized agent with signed, written permission to act on your behalf, and we reserve the right to follow up with you regarding any claim made by a third party that it has the right to act on your behalf to exercise your rights under the CCPA.
Access, Deletion and Opt-out Rights. If you would like to exercise your legal rights to access, delete or opt-out of the sale of your personal information, please complete and submit this form. You may also call us at: 1-800-222-2765
Non-Discrimination. The CCPA also provides you with the right to not be discriminated against for exercising your rights under the CCPA.
Financial Incentives. The CCPA provides you with the right to receive information about any financial incentives that we may offer to you.
VI. Certain Understandings about the GDPR.
As a publisher of local news and information about Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, we do not target any of our Services to users in, or residents of the European Union, United Kingdom, Switzerland or other jurisdictions that have adopted the General Data Protection Regulation (collectively, “GDPR countries”). Similarly, we do not monitor the behavior of users of our Services, including our Digital Properties in any GDPR countries. Our Services are published in American English and can only be purchased in U.S. Dollars. In the event that any of our third-party service providers gather information such as IP address or location data on our behalf, that information is used only to make sure that we are not monitoring users in the GDPR Countries, or targeting any advertising or content to them. If you have any questions about how the GDPR relates to our business, please reach out to us by sending us an email at: DataPrivacy@inquirer.com
VII. DATA INTEGRITY AND SECURITY
The Inquirer has put in place reasonable measures to protect the Site from being accessed by unauthorized third parties, and to preserve the information collected, gathered, stored on the Site, and used in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Despite those efforts, we cannot guarantee that an unauthorized third party will not access that information, resulting in the disclosure of such information in a manner that is not authorized by this Privacy Policy.
VIII. MINIMIZATION, RETENTION, AND DELETION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We will only retain your Personal Information for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including, for example, for so long as we provide you with Services, and for the purposes of satisfying any legal (including but not limited to enforcement of agreements or resolving disputes), accounting, or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for Personal Information, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the Personal Information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your Personal Information, the purposes for which we process your Personal Information and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you with Services, contact DigitalSupport@Inquirer.com.
In some circumstance. Even after we no longer retain your Personal Information, we may anonymize your Personal Information (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research, statistical or other purposes in which case we may retain and use that information indefinitely without further notice to you.
IX. ACCEPTANCE AND CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
This Privacy Policy may be amended from time to time, consistent with the applicable data protection and privacy laws and principles. We will make you aware of changes to this Privacy Policy either by posting to our Digital Properties and/or Services, through email, or other means. We will post those changes on our websites and in our apps so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, so please review it frequently. We will also notify you by email or a means of a notice on our websites and apps prior to the changes becoming effective, if we make changes that materially affect the way we handle Personal Information. If you do not wish your information to be subject to the revised Privacy Policy, you will need to deactivate with us and stop using our Digital Properties and Services. Your use of our Digital Properties and Services after the posting of changes to our privacy policy will constitute your consent to such changes. By using The Inquirer’s Services and our Digital Properties, and/or submitting any of your Personal Information to us, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy. Please do not send us any Personal Information if you do not want that information used in this way.
X. WHO SHOULD YOU CONTACT IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS?
For questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or our security practices: If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy, or seeking to exercise any of your statutory rights, please contact the data privacy manager using the details set out below.
The Inquirer 801 Market Street Philadelphia, PA 19107 Attn: Data Privacy Requests
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, you can write to us at that address, or you can e-mail us at: DataPrivacy@inquirer.com
Updates to Personal Information: If you would like to update the Personal Information that we have about you, or if you no longer desire our services, you can contact our privacy manager at the above contact information. If you are a subscriber, you can update your Personal Information by calling Customer Service at:1-800-222-2765 or by accessing your subscription account online at www.Inquirer.com/myaccount.
Unsubscribe Requests: If you would like to contact us about unsubscribing from any of our email lists, you can do by clicking the link to “unsubscribe” at the bottom of any email from us or by emailing DigitalSupport@Inquirer.com, and providing all of your email addresses that could appear on our email lists, as well as the name of the newsletter from which you would like to unsubscribe.
Thank you for your interest in The Inquirer.
Back to top