http://www.tennisinformation.com/system/privacy.asp
Privacy Policy
This privacy statement defines privacy aspects specific to the TennisInformation.com Website and affiliated Tennis Technologies, Inc. Web servers. TennisInformation.com and Tennis Technologies, Inc. have created this statement to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for the TennisInformation.com Website. Your privacy and security are important to us. Because we gather information about TennisInformation.com users, we want you to understand the terms and conditions surrounding the capture and use of that information. This privacy statement discloses what information we gather and how we use it. Questions regarding this statement should be directed to webmaster@tennisinformation.com. NOTE: TennisInformation.com Website cannot accept any information from individuals who are under 13 years of age without first obtaining express parental consent. Capture and Use of Information. Cookies TennisInformation.com may use “cookies” from time to time to keep track of your viewing selections. A "cookies" is a text file that a Web site can send to your browser software that a site to site to tailor information presented to you based on your browsing preferences. Generally, cookies work by assigning to your computer a unique number that has no meaning outside of our Website. Our cookies do not contain any personally identifying information. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can change your browser to prevent cookies from being enabled. If you do not want TennisInformation.com to deploy cookies in your browser, you can set your browser to reject cookies or to notify you when a Web site tries to put a cookie in your browser software. Rejecting cookies may affect your ability to use certain features, products, and services of TennisInformation.com. Website traffic TennisInformation.com may also track your visit to our Web site. While our Web servers may automatically log your IP address, this information does not identify you and you remain anonymous. We only use this information to track traffic to TennisInformation.com’s Web site. Registration If you choose to register at TennisInformation.com so that you can update your biographical information, for example, you will be requested to register for a free user name and password and/or to provide certain other identifying information. This unique information – user names and passwords -- are collected to verify your identity when you update information on our Website. Your contact information may also be used to contact you, if necessary. IP Address We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web Website. Your IP address is used to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information. Contests, Sweepstakes, and Surveys From time to time, we may offer you the option to participate in contests, sweepstakes, or surveys. If you would like to participate, we may ask you for contact information, preferences, or other information. This information may be used to conduct research, improve our offerings, or award prizes. Our contests and sweepstakes may have separate rules and we will identify how the information that you supply will be used in each case. Additional Uses of Information All of the information we collect, both what you tell us and what we collect through the use of cookies, is used to personalize your account, to customize our services and to allow our staff to contact you only when necessary. It is TennisInformation.com's policy not to release any information about you without your consent (usually obtained through an "opt-out" option that you may select when providing the information). TennisInformation.com will disclose personal information about an individual user if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to comply with an applicable law or valid legal process. General Information First, be careful whenever you are online. The TennisInformation.com Website contains links to advertisers that may collect data in connection with registrations, promotions, e-commerce, etc. Each of the web Websites (linked from or to TennisInformation.com) have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of TennisInformation.com, and Tennis Technologies, Inc. and TennisInformation.com have no responsibility or liability for these independent policies or actions and is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web Websites. Submissions With the exception of credit card numbers for the purchase of products and services, of Sirius Software, Inc. and Tennis Technologies, Inc. does not want to receive confidential or proprietary information through its web site. Any information sent to Sirius Software, Inc. and Tennis Technologies, Inc., with the exception of credit card numbers, will be deemed NOT CONFIDENTIAL. You grant Sirius Software, Inc. and Tennis Technologies, Inc. an unrestricted, irrevocable license to display, use, modify, perform, reproduce, transmit, and distribute any information you send Sirius Software, Inc. and Tennis Technologies, Inc. for any and all commercial and non-commercial purposes. Tennis Technologies, Inc. and TennisInformation.com may, but are not obligated to, review or monitor areas on its site where users may transmit or post information and data. Tennis Technologies, Inc. and TennisInformation.com are not responsible for the accuracy of any information and data. You are prohibited from posting or transmitting to or from this web site any libelous, obscene, defamatory, pornographic, or other materials that would violate any laws. However, if such communications do occur, Tennis Technologies, Inc. and TennisInformation.com will have no liability related to the content of any such communications. Security TennisInformation.com uses a Firewall Technology to keep all of your information confidential and secure. Personal information collected on TennisInformation.com is stored in a secure operating environment that is not available to the public. Protecting Yourself While Online You can help to protect your information by safeguarding your TennisInformation.com user name and password. Contacting TennisInformation.com If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this Website or your dealings with this Website, contact:
Security Department Tennis Technologies, Inc. P. O. Box 71912
Marietta, GA 30007-1912 webmaster@tennisinformation.com
Home | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
© 2003 Tennis Technologies, Inc. All rights reserved.
Design by x3creative