http://www.skiclub.co.uk/terms-and-conditions/terms-and-conditions-of-membership
Cookies on the Ski Club GB website
We use cookies to help you get the most from our site. If you continue without changing your settings, we’ll assume that you’re happy to receive all cookies on our site. However, you can change your cookie settings at any time.
Continue
Change settings
Terms and Conditions
1. Definitions
'Member' means anyone who has a valid membership I of the Ski Club of Great Britain, as defined in the Memorandum & Articles.
The 'Principal Member' in a Family membership where there are two or more members is the person to whom any membership material will be sent and who will be contacted for renewal and any other membership related reasons.
Where relevant these Terms & Conditions will also apply to other classes of membership as acceptance of an application for Club Membership is at our absolute discretion (although we will exercise our discretion reasonably and in compliance with applicable laws). You should contact our Membership Department if you would like further details of different types of Ski Club of Great Britain membership that are available. Each category of membership has different restrictions, conditions and benefits. Another category of membership may be of interest to you if your requirements or circumstances change.
Individual membership is available for any individual who is aged 24 or over at the time the application is received.
Family membership; 2 adults, married or cohabiting, residing at the same address and any of their children under the age of 24 years living at the same address.
Under 24 membership is available for individuals who have not yet reached their 24th birthday at the time of application or membership renewal.
Beginner membership is available for individuals who are new to snowsports and have not previously been a member of the Ski Club. Beginner membership is available for one year only, after which point the member will be asked to renew with Standard or Platinum membership.
Temporary Membership is available to members of the public who wish to ski with a Rep in resort for one day only and who complete a Temporary membership agreement.  Temporary Membership expires at midnight on the day of issue, and only one such Temporary Membership is available to any one individual in any one year.  Temporary Membership carries no voting rights and Temporary Members have no access to any Member benefits other than one day skiing with a Rep.
Ski Club Rep means a volunteer Member of the Ski Club who is appointed by us to be our representative in a specified resort and is available to show other Members around the resort for the further enjoyment of their skiing holiday.
Ski Club Ambassador means a volunteer Member of the Ski Club who is appointed by us to be our representative in a specified resort and is available to help Members in the resort for the further enjoyment of their skiing holiday.
'Our', 'Us' and 'We' means the Ski Club of Great Britain.
'Registered User' means - in order to upload content and/or access certain sections on the Website ('Registered User Services'), a non member will need to register as a Registered User of the SKI CLUB OF GREAT BRITAIN on our Site. Upon duly completing the relevant registration process by entering a first name, surname, email address and password, the non member will be registered as a Registered User of the SKI CLUB OF GREAT BRITAIN (which is currently free of charge).  A Registered User has no voting rights.
'Website', or simply 'Site', is a set of related web pages containing content such as text, images, video and audio published by one authority. The Ski Club of Great Britain's website consists of any product held under the address www.skiclub.co.uk
'You', 'Your' means the member who uses the services of the Ski Club of Great Britain.
DP Act refers to the Data Protection Act 1998
2. General
2.1 On joining the Ski Club of Great Britain each member except Temporary Members will be issued a unique membership number. Every member except Temporary Members will receive a membership card, whilst only Principal, Individual and Under 24 members may receive a membership pack, Ski+Board and other membership mailings throughout the duration of the membership term unless we are notified otherwise.
2.2 The standard membership period except for Temporary Members is 12 months. Membership becomes renewable on the first day of the month joined in each subsequent year.
2.3 Any member who joins on an offer outside the standard membership period will be notified of the expiry date and when the standard membership period starts.
2.4 Where Direct Debit is selected as the main membership payment method, the first membership   payment will be taken by Direct Debit within 5 working days of us receiving the membership application.
2.5 Future renewal payments by Direct Debit (and occasionally Continuous Card Authority transactions) are debited on the first day of the month of the expiry date shown on the membership card unless the Instruction has otherwise previously been formally cancelled. Members are responsible for notifying the Ski Club of any changes to bank and card details as we are not automatically notified. We are not responsible for any charges that members may incur as a result of not informing us of such changes.
2.6 Members may terminate their membership at any time in writing or by phoning the Membership Department. Refunds are not granted.
2.7 We reserve the right to change membership categories or other non-voting subscriptions. Members on automatic payments will be notified of such changes.
3. Skiing or snowboarding with Ski Club Rep
3.1 Any Member wishing to ski/snowboard with a Ski Club Rep, in any of the resorts where the Ski Club is represented, agrees to do so under the following conditions:
You appreciate that the Ski Club Rep is a volunteer with no formal qualifications as an instructor or mountain guide.
You also appreciate that the Ski Club Rep undertakes no obligations to you concerning your safety for which you remain solely responsible.
You must ensure that your equipment is in good working order before setting off for the day and that you are suitably clothed for the proposed itinerary and all possible weather conditions.  You must decide whether or not a particular run or route is within your competence.
You must ensure that you are properly equipped for that day.  If you are skiing off piste you must have a shovel, probe and transceiver, and know how to use them in the event of an avalanche.  If you are using a Ski Club transceiver, it is your sole responsibility to know how to use it.
It is your sole responsibility to ensure that you are suitably insured for the activities intended to be undertaken.
Temporary Members will be required to sign an agreement containing all the above five clauses before taking part in the day's activities.
4. Website Terms of Use
4.1   Accessing our Site
a) Access to our Site is permitted on a temporary basis and we reserve the right to withdraw or amend the service we provide on our Site without notice. We will not be liable if for any reason our Site is unavailable at any time or for any period. From time to time, we may restrict access to some parts of our Site or to our entire Site, both to members & non members.
b) If you choose, or you are provided with, a user log in, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential, and you must not disclose it to any third party. c) We have the right to disable any user identification code or password, whether chosen by you or allocated by us, at any time, if in our opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these terms of use.
d)You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to our Site.  You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access our Site through your internet connection are aware of these terms, and that they comply with them.
4.2  Intellectual Property Rights
We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in our Site, and in the material published on it.  Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world.  All such rights are reserved. You may print off one copy, and may download extracts, of any page(s) from our Site for your personal reference and you may draw the attention of others within your membership to material posted on our Site. You must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text. You must not use any part of the materials on our Site for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from us or our licensors. If you print off, copy or download any part of our Site in breach of these terms of use, your right to use our Site will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made.
4.3  No Liability
You agree that we will not be liable for any direct, indirect or consequential loss arising from the use of the information and material contained in our Site or from access to other material on the Internet via web links from our Site.
4.4  Uploading material to our Site
Any material you upload to our Site will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary, and we have the right to use, copy, distribute and disclose to third parties any such material for any purpose. We also have the right to disclose your identity to any third party who is claiming that any material posted or uploaded by you to our Site constitutes a violation of their intellectual property rights, or of their right to privacy. We will not be responsible, or liable to any third party, for the content or accuracy of any materials posted by you or any other user of our Site. We have the right to remove any material or posting you make on our Site.
4.5  Viruses, hacking and other offences
a) You must not misuse our Site by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our Site, the server on which our Site is stored or any server, computer or database connected to our Site. You must not attack our Site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack.
b) By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer
Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use our Site will cease immediately.
c) We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, viruses or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of our Site or to your downloading of any material posted on it, or on any website linked to it.
4.6  Links to our Site
You may link to our home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists. You must not establish a link from any website that is not owned by you. Our Site must not be framed on any other site, nor may you create a link to any part of our Site other than the home page. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.
4.7  Links from our Site
Where our Site contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only.  We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources, and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.
4.8  Jurisdiction and applicable law
The English courts will have exclusive jurisdiction over any claim arising from, or related to, a visit to our Site although we retain the right to bring proceedings against you for breach of these conditions in your country of residence or any other relevant country. These terms of use and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with them or their subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of England and Wales.
5. Data & Privacy
Controller of Personal Information - We act as Data Controller in the meaning of the Data Protection Act 1998 (as amended). (“the DP Act”)
5.1 Purpose
We use personal information to provide the services you request from the Club to: advertise products and services, to process payments and maintain accounts and records, to prevent crime and aid in the prosecution of offenders, and to administer and maintain membership records. In addition, we use this information to improve our platform, prevent or detect fraud or abuses of our Site and enable third parties to carry out technical, logistical or other functions on our behalf.
a) We also use your details to send you newsletters and correspondence relating to our products, services and information, and to conduct online surveys or surveys by telephone; prize draws; competitions and other promotions via email, telephone or post. We will also use the information in the course of collecting your membership fees and any other payments that may be due to us from you. Other than as set out in this Data & Privacy Policy we will not share your personal information with third parties for marketing or any other purposes without your consent, unless we are required to do so by law. We operate an automatic opt-in policy which means that when you request information from us or make an enquiry we add you to our database. Full details of this policy are available on request or via ourSite.
b) You agree to us gathering information for the purpose of providing service.
5.2 Personal & Sensitive data
a) This personal information may include: your name, address and contact information; date of birth; preferred communication methods;; bank details and credit card details. We also create information that becomes part of the personal information we hold about you, such as your membership number and your usage of our products and services. We may also collect and create details on other members, where applicable, including family members under the age of 18.
b) Sensitive information may include information related to your racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, criminal background or trade union membership. Whilst we do not generally collect sensitive information unless it is volunteered by you, by providing the sensitive information to us, you are consenting to our using it for the purpose defined.
c) We do not knowingly collect personal information from individuals under 18 years of age without the permission of their parent or guardian. As a parent or legal guardian, please do not to allow your children to submit personal information without your permission.
d) When you use our Site or contact us by post, telephone, fax, email or SMS, we collect, store and use certain personal information that you disclose to us. This includes details such as your name, address, telephone, fax, email and mobile phone number as well as traffic data, location data, web logs and other communication data, whether this is required for our own administrative purposes or otherwise and the resources that you access. If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
5.3 Shared Information
Third Party Service Providers: We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include sending postal mail and e-mail, removing repetitive information from member lists, analysing data, and providing marketing assistance. Third party service providers have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes. Further, they must process the personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and as permitted by the UK's DP Act as amended.
Promotional Offers: Sometimes we send offers to members on behalf of other businesses. When we do this, we do not give that business your name and address. If you do not want to receive such offers, please tick the opt-out box in your terms and conditions on our Site or let us know in writing if you don't want to receive these offers.
Add to favourites
Added
Share:
Twitter
Facebook
Email
Membership
Membership
Discounts
Ski+board Magazine
News & Events
Snow & Weather
Snow Reports
Weather Forecasts
Historical Snow Reports
Snow Overview
Plan Your Holiday
Ski Resorts
Info & Advice
Ski Club Travel Insurance
Ski With The Club
Ski Club Holidays
Ski Club Reps
Instructor Led Guiding
About The Ski Club
About Us
Advertise with Ski Club
Partner with Ski Club
Press Centre
Contact Us
© 2020 Ski Club of Great Britain Limited. Registered in England No. 4312167 - Ski Club GB Ltd is an Appointed Representative of Jelf Insurance Brokers Ltd trading as Marsh Commercial, which is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA). Not all products and services are regulated by the FCA.
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Accessibility
Terms and Conditions
123movies