http://www.dragonboat.org.uk/privacy-policy/
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy applies to the websites operated by British Dragon Boat Racing Association ("The BDA") and its affiliates and to the processing of personal information supplied by you to by The BDA as contemplated in this privacy policy. Any reference to “you” or “your” means you, the user.
The BDA respects your privacy and is committed to protecting the personal information you share with us. This statement describes how we collect and use your personal information that we may collect about you through our websites and from our communications with you. The websites are hosted in various facilities within the boundaries of the EEA.
Data Protection Laws
We are conscious of our legal responsibilities as a “data controller” and we support the principles of data protection reflected in the 1995 EU Directive on Data Protection and applicable national implementing legislation. We shall endeavour to ensure that the personal information we obtain and use will always be held, used, transferred and otherwise processed in accordance with legislation.
Other websites
There may be links from this website to other websites. This privacy policy only applies to this website. We do not control those third party websites or any of the content they contain and you expressly acknowledge and agree that we are in no way responsible or liable for any of those third party websites, including, without limitation, the content, policies, failures, promotions, products, services or actions of those websites and/or any damages, losses, failures or problems caused by, related to or arising from those websites. We encourage you to review all policies, rules, terms and regulations, including the privacy policies, of each website that you visit.
How we obtain personal information about you
We may, as a result of your interaction with our website and our communications with you, hold and process personal information obtained about you. The types of personal information we collect may include:• your name• your phone number• your email address• your address
How we collect and use non-personal information
Please note that when anyone visits this website, we may automatically collect certain non-personal information such as the specific computer operating system (e.g., Windows, Mac OS, Android etc) and browser (e.g., Chrome, Firefox, IE etc) being used. We sometimes use the non-personal information that we collect to improve the design and content of this website and to enable us to personalise your experience.
What we do with your personal information
The personal information that you provide will be available to The BDA, our affiliates and trusted third party service providers and contractors for the following purposes:• to process enquiries received via this website• to process your application for membership of The BDA• to register you for and send you newsletters• to conduct market research and development• to provide you with information about products and services that we deem may be of interest to you from ourselves• in connection with surveys related to our products and this website• any other purpose indicated at the time you voluntarily provide your personal information
Marketing
We may, from time to time, use your personal information to send you automated e-mail messages or marketing materials regarding our services with your prior consent. These e-mail messages may contain features that help us make sure you received and were able to open the message. You may opt out of receiving such e-mail messages at any time, free of charge, by clicking the “unsubscribe” link or by contacting subscriptions@thebda.org.uk.
Disclosing your personal information
We may disclose your personal information to companies and individuals who perform business functions and services on our behalf. Such functions may include hosting the websites, analysing data and providing other support services. All such parties will be required to keep your personal data secure and only process your data as allowed by current legislation. We may also disclose your personal information if, in our opinion, disclosure is required by law.
International transfers of your personal information
In the course of providing our services to you, we may transfer your personal information to trusted third party service providers. This may involve transferring your data to countries outside the EEA. Those countries may not provide an adequate level of protection in relation to the processing of personal data. Each of these third party providers will comply with The BDA's policies on personal data.
Personal Data Security and Confidentiality
We maintain adequate managerial, technical and organisational security measures to protect your personal information from loss, misuse, unauthorised access, disclosure, alteration or destruction.
Access and Correction Rights
You can request access to, and have the opportunity to update and amend your personal information, and you can exercise any other rights you enjoy under applicable data protection laws, including, for example, objection to and blocking of the processing of your personal information, by contacting us via subscriptions@thebda.org.uk.For security reasons, we reserve the right to take steps to authenticate your identity before providing access to your personal information. Subject to applicable law, we may charge you a small fee to access your data.
Retention of data
We will retain your personal information for as long as necessary for the purposes for which it was collected, to provide you with services and to conduct our legitimate business or where otherwise required by law.
Changes to the Policy
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify, add or remove sections of this privacy policy at any time and any changes will be notified to you using the email address you have given to us or by an announcement on the webpage available at the “Privacy Policy” link.
Privacy Queries
If you have any questions regarding this policy, or you wish to update your details or remove your personal data from our records, please inform us using the contact facility on our website or via privacy@thebda.org.uk.
Site Pages
The BDA
Our Sport
Clubs
Racing
Events
News
Contact Us
BDA Membership Platform
External Links
IDBF - International Dragon Boat Federation
EDBF - European Dragon Boat Federation
AIMS - Alliance of Independent recognised Members of Sport
S&RA - Sport and Recreation Alliance