http://www.soccersixes.net/terms
Toggle navigation
FIND LEAGUE
SIGN UP
ENTER A TEAM
ENTER A CASUAL TEAM
SIGN UP AS PLAYER
LOGIN
REQUEST INFO
NEWS
JOIN
LOGIN
SEARCH
HELP
CONTACT
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
LIFETIME MEMBERSHIP AGREEMENT
This agreement constitutes a formal agreement between you as the Team and Soccersixes.
That I am fully responsible for all bookings made under this membership number and as such thus number should not be divulged to anyone other than Soccersixes staff when bookings are being made.
I agree to pay for each casual booking prior to play.
I understand that for casual bookings, notice of cancellation is required to be received the day before kick-off otherwise the Pitch Hire Fee will be due in full. A cancellation number will be quoted whenever a booking is cancelled, and I will retain this number in the event of a dispute.
I understand that for other categories of bookings, alternative terms and conditions may apply and I agree to adhere to such terms and conditions.
Soccersixes may terminate this agreement at its discretion at any time including, without limitation, if any amount payable under this agreement remains outstanding for more than 7 days or I am, or any member of the Team is, in breach of these terms and conditions or such League Rules.
I am aware, and will make all players on this booking aware that all players participate at their own risk. Teams are encouraged to take out your own insurance if you wish.
Each Team are playing in our leagues under the following Terms & Conditions and Agreements. Please note that the Terms and Conditions below outline three entirely separate and distinguishable activities:
Participation by the football Team in a Soccersixes league
Pitch Hire, and
Third Party Referee Services
1. Participation by the football Team in a Soccersixes league
LEAGUE ENTRY AGREEMENT
I hereby agree to and accept the terms and conditions below for the period of the above league session:
Soccersixes’ produce the seasons fixtures at the start of a season and times and will only change under extreme circumstances. Please do not print or download fixtures from the website and always check your kick off times on a weekly basis.
Fixture lists and kick off times will not be changed in the best interest of all teams. At the start of each season teams may state their preferred kick off times and S6 Management will attempt to accommodate them, but it cannot be guaranteed.
All teams are signed up to a full season which always consist of 10 weeks or more and are expected to play all fixtures. However, any team wishing to leave the league prior to the end of the season must contact the relevant League Manager and every attempt will be made to find a replacement, but without guarantee.
S6 operate a flexible squad system so an unlimited amount of players can be used to enable all teams field a team weekly and fulfil each league fixture.
You will pay us full match fee for cancelling a match. If a match is cancelled on less than 48 hours’ notice and we are unable to arrange your opponents another game you will also pay us the opponent’s match fee. As Team Organiser you agree to make full payment all fees charges and fines relating to your team. These are payable to us by debit card or bank transfer within 48 hours of the relevant fixture date.
If a team cancels then the opposing team must still turn up for a friendly if the game is provided by S6. The team will win 5-0 and pay for the match as normal.
Teams are automatically signed up to a new season, if any team does not wish to continue then a two week notice period must be given before the end of the current season.
Teams are not allowed to leave the league with arrears. All debts must be cleared in full two weeks prior to the end of the season or a team will be automatically enrolled into the new season.
In the event of a major sports event or a one-off event that would prevent multiple teams from attending a fixture, in the best interest of the league and teams, Soccersixes may offer a reduced cancellation fee of £10 or an alternative playing date/time be offered to ensure pitch fees still are covered.
Any player receiving a red card will be fined £10 which is payable before playing again. Any serious discipline will be reported to the relevant County FA.
Payments must be made to the referee before games commence. Short or no payment will result in a team receiving no result and could be removed from the league.
Deposit System
Deposits must be paid prior to the team’s first fixture
Teams will have their deposit returned as their final game with Soccersixes.
The following must be carried out for this to coincide:
Teams must not have money outstanding, outstanding fees will be taken from the deposit.
Teams must turn up for all matches with out none attendances or cancellations.
In order to continue after a cancellation or none attendance teams must pay their deposit again otherwise they could face removal and the deposit being used for our costs.
Teams must give 14 days written notice before the end of a season if they wish to leave, if not then the deposit will be rolled over into the new season and the team continues into said season.
2. Hire of pitch
Pitch Hire Agreement
By entering into this Pitch Hire Agreement, I hereby agree to and accept the terms and conditions below for the period of the above league session:
I am signing the Pitch Hire Agreement in my capacity as Team Organiser and I am duly authorised to accept responsibility on behalf of your team for the terms and conditions herein.
The Pitch Hire Fee as detailed above is payment for the pitch hire on the days and times detailed in the Pitch Hire Agreement Dates section below.
I agree to pay the above total Pitch Hire Fee either in advance, or by weekly instalments.
Soccersixes reserves the right to alter the Pitch Hire Fee between the start date and the finish date of the period of hire as detailed above.
I understand that for each hire under this Pitch Hire Agreement the pitch is made exclusively available to the Team, by Soccersixes. I may however permit any other team/players and any referee access to the pitch for the purposes of playing any league fixture.
I am aware, and will make the players on bookings made under this Pitch Hire Agreement, aware that all players play at their own risk.
I agree to pay the pitch hire in full or in 10 weekly instalments.
I agree to pay the match pitch hire fee for the full block booking and understand that majority of the fee I pay is for the pitch hire. If I am unable to use the allocated pitch time for any reason we will still be liable for the full fees.
Soccersixes may terminate this Pitch Hire Agreement at its discretion at any time including, without limitation, if any amount payable under this Pitch Hire Agreement remains outstanding for more than 7 days or I am, or any member of the Team is, in breach of these terms and conditions.
Soccersixes reserve the right to alter match fees at anytime.
I am aware that Soccersixes is responsible for organising a referee for each match the Team participates in. I accept that we are responsible for payment of these referees, and authorise Soccersixes to make this payment on our behalf.
3. Third Party Referee Services
We will arrange, on your behalf, a qualified referee to officiate each match on the understanding that it is agreed between the Team and the referee, that the referee is supplying his or her services as a self-employed individual acting as a principal and that the referee is not acting on behalf of Soccersixes in any capacity. Each Team will be responsible for paying the match referee for the match referees services. The fees payable to the referee are non-negotiable.
The Team agrees that they will use the services of the referee that Soccersixes arranges so that neutrality is maintained for all participating Teams. It is not permissible for Teams to introduce their own referee to officiate the games to ensure neutrality is maintained.
In agreeing to these terms and conditions, Teams accept responsibility for making payment to referees, and that the services of the referees are additional to the provision of the Pitch Hire as well as the League services supplied by Soccersixes.
With respect to the payment made to the referees, that the Team will make all payment to the referee and it is agreed that the referee will retain his/her fee from the total fee and pass the balance (league fee and pitch hire fee) to Soccersixes. The values of the referee's fee and Soccersixes' fees are separately itemised on the Teams invoice.
4. Cards Accepted
5. Refund policy
Given that online payments are solely a reduction in team debt, we do not generally offer a refund.
If you would like to request a refund or credit on an online payment you should contact your League Manager within 14 days of making the payment.
We will assess refund or credit requests on their merits, considering the current status of the team account and the terms and conditions of the contract entered into by the team and ROM Soccerleagues Ltd .
There is no obligation to provide a refund on a payment made to reduce the balance owing by a specific team.
Terms & Conditions
Last updated: December 18, 2014
Please read these Terms and Conditions ("Terms", "Terms and Conditions") carefully before using the http://www.soccersixes.net website (the "Service") operated by ROM Soccerleagues Limited ("us", "we", or "our").
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the Service.
Content
Our Service allows you to post, link, store, share and otherwise make available certain information, text, graphics, videos, or other material ("Content"). You are responsible for the Content that you post to the Service, including its legality, reliability, and appropriateness.
By posting Content to the Service, you grant us the right and license to use, modify, publicly perform, publicly display, reproduce, and distribute such Content on and through the Service. You retain any and all of your rights to any Content you submit, post or display on or through the Service and you are responsible for protecting those rights. You agree that this license includes the right for us to make your Content available to other users of the Service, who may also use your Content subject to these Terms.
You represent and warrant that: (i) the Content is yours (you own it) or you have the right to use it and grant us the rights and license as provided in these Terms, and (ii) the posting of your Content on or through the Service does not violate the privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, contract rights or any other rights of any person.
Accounts
When you create an account with us, you must provide us information that is accurate, complete, and current at all times. Failure to do so constitutes a breach of the Terms, which may result in immediate termination of your account on our Service.
You are responsible for safeguarding the password that you use to access the Service and for any activities or actions under your password, whether your password is with our Service or a third-party service.
You agree not to disclose your password to any third party. You must notify us immediately upon becoming aware of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account.
You may not use as a username the name of another person or entity or that is not lawfully available for use, a name or trade mark that is subject to any rights of another person or entity other than you without appropriate authorization, or a name that is otherwise offensive, vulgar or obscene. You expressly agree that we cannot be held liable for any loss or damage arising out of any misrepresentations you make in this regard.
Copyright Policy
We respect the intellectual property rights of others. It is our policy to respond to any claim that Content posted on the Service infringes the copyright or other intellectual property infringement ("Infringement") of any person.
If you are a copyright owner, or authorized on behalf of one, and you believe that the copyrighted work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement that is taking place through the Service, you must submit your notice in writing to the attention of "Copyright Infringement" of ross@soccersixes.net and include in your notice a detailed description of the alleged Infringement.
In cases where there are conflicting claims to the ownership of Copyright, it is our policy to air on the side of removing materials from our Service.
Complaints under the Copyrights, Designs and Patents Act 1988, and European Commerce Directive 2000
If you wish to make a complaint/request that certain material be taken down, please send a request in writing to our Notice and Takedown Officer.
We, ROM Soccerleagues Limited, are committed to ensuring that the material displayed on our Service is lawful and in accordance with our UK and EU Copyright Law. To help us deal with your complaint as quickly as possible, please include the following information in your correspondence and mark it as "URGENT":
Your contact details - including your name, email address and daytime telephone number.
Identify the material in question - please include sufficient detail to enable us to identify the material complained of.
The reasons for your objection.
We will review each objection on its merits and pending our inquiries, may remove or disable access to the relevant material from our Service.
Where appropriate, you should include information relating to the status of the material in question (i.e. Where you hold a Trademark, or own the Copyright to an image). This will enable us to deal with your request promptly.
You can contact our Notice and Takedown Officer via email at ross@soccersixes.net
Intellectual Property
The Service and its original content (excluding Content provided by users), features and functionality are and will remain the exclusive property of ROM Soccerleagues Limited and its licensors. The Service is protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of both the United Kingdom and foreign countries. Our trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service without the prior written consent of ROM Soccerleagues Limited.
When you upload content, you give to ROM Soccerleagues Limited a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, transferable licence (with right to sub-licence) to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display, and perform that Content in connection with the provision of the Service and otherwise in connection with the provision of the Service and ROM Soccerleagues Limited business.
Links To Other Web Sites
Our Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by ROM Soccerleagues Limited.
ROM Soccerleagues Limited has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that ROM Soccerleagues Limited shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.
We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or services that you visit.
Termination
We may terminate or suspend your account immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if you breach the Terms.
Upon termination, your right to use the Service will immediately cease. If you wish to terminate your account, you may simply discontinue using the Service.
All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless ROM Soccerleagues Limited and its licensee and licensors, and their employees, contractors, agents, officers and directors, from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to attorney's fees), resulting from or arising out of a) your use and access of the Service, by you or any person using your account and password; b) a breach of these Terms, or c) Content posted on the Service.
Limitation Of Liability
In no event shall ROM Soccerleagues Limited, nor its directors, employees, partners, agents, suppliers, or affiliates, be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages, including without limitation, loss of profits, data, use, goodwill, or other intangible losses, resulting from (i) your access to or use of or inability to access or use the Service; (ii) any conduct or content of any third party on the Service; (iii) any content obtained from the Service; and (iv) unauthorized access, use or alteration of your transmissions or content, whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence) or any other legal theory, whether or not we have been informed of the possibility of such damage, and even if a remedy set forth herein is found to have failed of its essential purpose.
Disclaimer
Your use of the Service is at your sole risk. The Service is provided on an "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" basis. The Service is provided without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or course of performance.
ROM Soccerleagues Limited its subsidiaries, affiliates, and its licensors do not warrant that a) the Service will function uninterrupted, secure or available at any particular time or location; b) any errors or defects will be corrected; c) the Service is free of viruses or other harmful components; or d) the results of using the Service will meet your requirements.
Exclusions
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing and notwithstanding any other provision of these terms, under no circumstances will ROM Soccerleagues Limited ever be liable to you or any other person for any indirect, incidental, consequential, special, punitive or exemplary loss or damage arising from, connected with, or relating to your use of the Service, these Terms, the subject matter of these Terms, the termination of these Terms or otherwise, including but not limited to personal injury, loss of data, business, markets, savings, income, profits, use, production, reputation or goodwill, anticipated or otherwise, or economic loss, under any theory of liability (whether in contract, tort, strict liability or any other theory
or law or equity), regardless of any negligence or other fault or wrongdoing (including without limitation gross negligence and fundamental breach) by ROM Soccerleagues Limited or any person for whom ROM Soccerleagues Limited is responsible, and even if ROM Soccerleagues Limited has been advised of the possibility of such loss or damage being incurred.
Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have between us regarding the Service.
Changes
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will try to provide at least 30 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will
be determined at our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, you must stop using the service.
Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy
Please refer to our Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy. You agree that they constitute part of these terms. You must read our Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy before you use the Service.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.
COVID-19 SOCCERSIXES GUIDELINES
I declare that during the Covid-19 outbreak I will adhere to the following:
Pre-event symptom check
All participants, officials, volunteers and spectators must undergo a self-assessment for any COVID-19 symptoms. No-one should leave home to participate in sport or officiate if they, or someone they live with, has any of the following:
A high temperature
A new, continuous cough
A loss of, or change to, their sense of smell or taste
Should an individual have demonstrated any such symptoms, they must follow NHS and PHE guidance on self-isolation.
Participants will be made aware of any increased risk associated with taking part in activity, based on the assessment undertaken by the event organiser. They should also be strongly advised to comply with public health restrictions and avoid high risk behaviour outside the sports setting to reduce the risk to their fellow participants when they do attend.
Stay Alert – you must maintain good hygiene, hand washing and social distancing. Make yourself aware of the measures being taken to provide a safe environment. If you are not happy with the arrangements that have been made, then you should remove yourself from that environment.
In line with Government guidance on travel, you should travel to the venue alone or only with another member of your household, or via a socially-distant method (e.g. cycling). You should consider all other forms of transport before using public transport. There must be no car-sharing with anyone outside your household. Please arrive shortly before the session starts and leave when it finishes.
You should arrive changed and ready to exercise.
Avoid touching equipment e.g. cones and footballs. The focus should be on kicking the ball and limiting any touching of the ball with hands.
Clubs/facilities may arrange a parking system that avoids users congregating and also implement a clearly signposted ‘one-way’ system into and out of the facilities.
If access to a facility is required, hand-cleaning facilities should be provided. Please use them regularly. If there is no facility for running/clean water at the venue, please bring hand sanitiser with you.
You should refrain from spitting. If you need to sneeze or cough, you are encouraged to do so into a tissue or upper sleeve and advised to avoid touching your face. Ensure any tissues are disposed of in a sealed bin as soon as possible.
Equipment should be handled as little as possible by as few people as possible. Where equipment is handled by more than one person, they should wash their hands immediately afterwards, taking care not to touch their mouth/face in the meantime. For goalkeepers, it might be sensible for players to have their own individual ball for the session, with wiping of the ball using disinfectant wipes every so often if it is being handled by more than one person.
Ensure you take your own water bottle that is clearly recognisable. Do not share your drink with anyone else.
If you get injured, a member of your household can assist you, if present, but others will still need to socially distance unless a life or limb-threatening injury necessitates compromising guidelines to provide emergency care. If there is a first-aider or other medical personnel present, they should be equipped with the appropriate PPE to protect themselves and others if they need to compromise social-distancing guidelines to provide medical assistance.
If you become symptomatic during the session, you should immediately remove yourself from the session and return home as soon as possible. NHS guidance on further management of symptoms should be followed.
When the session is finished, you should leave the venue rather than congregate, and avoid congestion at gates or doors.
All participants should wash hands at the earliest opportunity and personal equipment should be wiped down with a disinfectant.
Soccersixes is affiliated with the English Football Association
Find out more
About Us
| Rules
| Fees
| Contact Us
| Privacy
| Terms & Conditions
| Refund Policy
| Help
Copyright Soccersixes 2020