https://www.camdenmarket.com/privacy-policy
Privacy policyWe are LabTech London Limited. Our company number is 09229268 and our registered office is at 54-56 Camden Lock Place, London, United Kingdom, NW1 8AF. We are registered as a ‘controller’ with the Information Commissioner’s Office with registration number ZA087285.All references in this Privacy Notice to “our”, “us” or “we” refer to LabTech London Limited, or our group companies and suppliers which provide services to us, as appropriate.  All references in this policy to our “Website” are to the website www.camdenmarket.com.We value your privacy and want to be transparent with you in the way that we collect and use your personal information, explain your rights, and let you know how you can contact us for further information.Personal information we collectInformation you give to us: You give us information by filling in forms on our website or by corresponding with us by phone, email or letter. This includes information you provide when you do all or any of the following: sign up for our email newsletter, apply for a Camden Card or to be a Trader, enter a competition, promotion or survey, and when you get in touch with us. The information includes your name, email address, postal address, phone number, and the information you choose to provide should you contact us with a query. For applications to be a Trader we will also collect information about you and your business.Information we collect about you: When your visit our website we may automatically collect the following information:technical information, including the internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform; andinformation about your visit, including:the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from our website (including date and time);page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information; andmethods used to browse away from the page.Information we receive from other sources: We may receive information about you if you use any other websites we operate or other services we provide. In this instance we will have informed you when we collected that data that it may be shared internally and combined with data collected on this website. We also working with third parties (including, for example, business partners, subcontractors in technical services, advertising networks, analytics providers and search information providers) and may receive information about you from them.Information collected at Camden Market: CCTV cameras view and record our premises and are monitored by our security team.Location Wi-Fi analytics: We use Wi-Fi technology to help us understand how visitors travel through the Market, and to provide us with useful information such as the number of repeat visitors. Location Wi-Fi analytics works by an identifier from your mobile device (a MAC Address) being picked up by the Wi-Fi technology that we use to provide our free Wi-Fi. If your device Wi-Fi is enabled, it sends Wi-Fi signals that will be recognised by our Wi-Fi technology. The strength of the signal helps provide locations of the device. We ‘hash’ the MAC address after collection to obscure it. We do not combine this information with any other information that may identify you. The lawful basis for the collection of this information is that it is in within LabTech’s legitimate interests to see how people travel through the Market for planning and leasing purposes.CookiesOur website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website, enhance the user experience and allow us to improve our website. Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information that are stored by your web browser on your browser or the hard drive of your computer, mobile phone, or other electronic device you use when visiting our website. For detailed information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them, please see our Cookie Notice.Uses made of your informationWe use information held about you in the following ways:Information you give to us, we will use this information:to improve our customer service and our website as the information you provide helps us respond to your enquiries more efficiently;to review applications to be a new Trader;to issue you with a Camden Card;to administer competitions, promotions or surveys;to send our email newsletter on Camden Market, events, and services we believe may be of interest to you. You can unsubscribe from these at any time through an unsubscribe link on the emails or by contacting us;to ensure that content from our website is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer, mobile or other electronic device.Information we collect about you, we will use this information:to administer our website and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;to improve our website to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer, mobile or other electronic device;to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so;as part of our efforts to keep our website secure;to measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you; andfor security purposes.Information we receive from other sources. We may combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you. We may us this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive).Legal basis for the use of your personal informationData protection laws require that we explain the legal basis for how we process your personal information. We consider that the legal bases for using your personal information as set out in this Privacy Policy are as follows:our use of your personal information is necessary to perform our obligations under any contract with you or with a view to entering into a contract with you. For example if you apply to be a new Trader at Camden Market;our use of your personal information is necessary for complying with our legal obligations; orwe will process your personal information on the basis of your consent if you provide your email address to sign up for our newsletter. You can unsubscribe from this at any time by using the unsubscribe link on these emails or by contacting us at [email protected].Where none of the above apply, the use of your personal information is necessary for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others (for example, to ensure the security of our Website). Our legitimate interests are to:run, grow and develop our business;operate our Website;select appropriately skilled and qualified suppliers;marketing, market research and business development;ensure your security and the security of our buildings, personnel and tenants; andfor internal group administrative purposes.How we share your personal informationWe may share your personal information with any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, from time to time. Applications to be a trader will be shared with the Camden Market Management Company.We will share your personal information and information about bookings or reservations that you place with the suppliers of the products showcased on our website (the “Suppliers”) where you do not provide this information to them directly.We do not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others, but we may share your information with selected third parties including:Business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with them and/or you.Advertisers and advertising networks to select and serve relevant adverts to you and others. We do not disclose information that can personally identify a user to our advertisers, but we may provide them with aggregate information about our users.Analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our website and our apps, such as Parse and Google Analytics.Our partners that sponsor or promote any competition, promotion or survey we run on our website or apps.Our partners for marketing purposes (where you have expressly consented to be contacted for such purposes).Third party service providers to help us operate our business, our website or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys.We may further disclose your personal information to third parties:In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal information to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.If we transfer ownership or management of our Website, apps, services, business and/or assets (in whole or in part) to a third party, in which case we may also transfer your personal information to such third party, provided such third party agrees to observe and adhere to the terms set out in this privacy policy (as amended from time to time).If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal information in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our Terms and other agreements; or to protect our rights, property, or safety, or those of our customers or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection.Where we store your personal informationYour personal information may be used, stored and/or accessed by staff operating outside of the European Economic Area (EEA) working for us, other members of our group or suppliers.If we provide any personal information about you to any such non-EEA members of our group or suppliers, we will take appropriate measures to ensure that the recipient protects your personal information adequately in accordance with this Privacy Policy.  These measures may include:in the case of US based entities, entering into European Commission approved standard contractual arrangements with them, or ensuring they have signed up to the EU-US Privacy Shield (see further https://www.privacyshield.gov/welcome);in the case of entities based in other countries outside the EEA, entering into European Commission approved standard contractual arrangements with them; orthe transfer is necessary for the performance of a contract with you (e.g., to implement a payment instruction).Further details on the steps we take to protect your personal information in these cases is available from us on request by contacting us by email at [email protected] at any time.How long we keep your personal informationWe keep your personal information for no longer than necessary for the purposes for which the personal information is processed. The length of time for which we retain personal information for depends on the purposes for which we collect and use it and/or as required to comply with applicable laws and to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights.SecurityAll information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your information transmitted to our website or apps; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.Your rightsYou have certain rights in relation to your personal information. If you would like further information in relation to these or would like to exercise any of them, please contact us via email at [email protected] at any time. You have the following rights:Right of access.  You have a right of access to any personal information we hold about you.  You can ask for confirmation whether we are processing your personal information and for a copy. You will also be provided with details about how and why it is being used.  Right to update your information.  You have a right to request an update to any of your personal information which is out of date or incorrect.Right to delete your information.  You have a right to ask us to delete any personal information which we are holding about you in certain specific circumstances.  You can ask us for further information on these specific circumstances by contacting us.Right to restrict use of your information: You have a right to ask us to restrict the way that we process your personal information in certain specific circumstances.  Right to stop marketing: You have a right to ask us to stop using your personal information for direct-marketing purposes.  If you exercise this right, we will stop using your personal information for this purpose.Right to data portability: You have a right to ask us to provide your personal information to a third- party provider of services.  This right only applies where we use your personal information on the basis of your consent or performance of a contract and where our use of your information is carried out by automated means.Right to object:  You have a right to ask us to consider any valid objections which you have to our use of your personal information where we process your personal information on the basis of our or another person’s legitimate interest.  We will consider all such requests and provide our response within a reasonable period and in any event within one month of your request, unless we inform you why we need a longer period.
Certain personal information may be exempt from such requests in certain circumstances, for example if we need to keep using the information to comply with our own legal obligations or to establish, exercise or defend legal claims.   If an exception applies, we will tell you this when responding to your request.We may request that you provide us with information necessary to confirm your identity before responding to any request you make.Third party linksOur website and apps may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partners, affiliates, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content on these websites, and we are not responsible for the practices employed by them. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy and customer support policies and we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please carefully check these policies before you submit any personal information to these websites.Changes to our privacy policyWe may update our Privacy Notice from time to time. Any changes we make to our Privacy Notice in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by post or email. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our Privacy Notice.Contact usIf you have any queries or complaints about our collection, use or storage of your personal information, or if you wish to exercise any of your rights in relation to your personal information, please contact [email protected] or write to us at Legal Department, LabTech London Limited, 54-56 Camden Lock Place, London, NW1 8AF. We will investigate and attempt to resolve any such complaint or dispute regarding the use or disclosure of your personal information.You also have the right to make a complaint to the Information Commissioner’s Office.  The ICO’s website can be seen at www.ico.org.uk.This Privacy Notice was last updated on [2nd July 2019] CAMDEN MARKET IS RE-OPENING ON MONDAY, 1ST JUNE!CHECK OUR WEBSITE FOR MORE DETAILS ON WHAT PARTS OF THE MARKET WILL BE OPEN, AS WELL AS MORE WAYS TO SUPPORT OUR TRADERS CAMDEN MARKET