https://www.dcdivas.com/terms/
Terms of Use
Terms of Use
Welcome to www.dcdivas.com, the Official Web Site of the D.C. Divas Women’s Tackle Football team. By using this site, you signify your agreement to all terms, conditions, and notices contained or referenced herein (“Terms of Use”). If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, please do not use this site. The D.C. Divas, Inc. reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to modify, alter, or otherwise update these Terms of Use at any time. By using this site after notice of such changes is posted, you agree to be bound by the modifications, alterations, or updates.
Copyright and Trademarks
The content and information displayed on this web site (www.dcdivas.com) is the property of the D.C. Divas Women’s Tackle Football Team, a member of the Women’s Football Alliance (WFA).
The D.C. Divas web site, www.dcdivas.com, contains copyrighted material, trademarks, and other proprietary information including text, photos, video, graphics, music, and sounds. All content included on this site, such as text, photos, video, graphics, music, sounds, and logos is protected by copyrights, trademarks, and other rights, which are owned and/or controlled by The D.C. Divas, Inc. or by other parties. The D.C. Divas, Inc. owns a copyright in the selection, coordination arrangement, and enhancement of such content, as well as the content original to it. Each third-party content provider owns the copyright in content original to it. You may use material from this site only for your own personal, non-commercial use. This site or any portion of this site may not be modified, published, reproduced, duplicated, copied, uploaded, downloaded, posted, transmitted, sold, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose that is not expressly permitted by The D.C. Divas, Inc. or expressly permitted under copyright law. In the event of any permitted copying, redistribution, or publication of copyrighted material, no changes in or deletion of author attribution, trademark legend, or copyright notice shall be made. You acknowledge that you do not acquire any ownership rights by downloading copyrighted material.
You agree that you will not use any device, software, or other instrumentality to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of our site, and that you will not take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure. In addition, you agree that you will not use any robot, spider, other automatic device, or manual process to monitor or copy our web pages or the content contained herein, without the prior expressed consent from an authorized D.C. Divas representative (such consent is deemed given for standard search engine technology employed by Internet search web sites to direct Internet users to this site).
Just as the D.C. Divas, Inc. requires users to respect our copyrights and those of our affiliates and partners, we respect the copyrights of others. If you believe in good faith that your copyrighted work has been reproduced on www.dcdivas.com without authorization in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, you may notify us by e-mail or by mail at:
D.C. Divas
12240 Bond St.
Wheaton, MD 20902
This contact information is only for suspected copyright infringement. Contact information for other matters is provided elsewhere on this site.
Linked Sites
If you choose to leave this D.C. Divas site via links to other non-D.C. Divas sites, including those of advertisers, the D.C. Divas are not responsible for the privacy policies of those sites or the cookies those sites use. In addition, because the D.C. Divas have no control over such sites and resources, you acknowledge and agree that the D.C. Divas are not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such sites or resources.
The D.C. Divas welcome links to this site! You may establish a link to this site, provided that the link does not state or imply any sponsorship or endorsement of your site by the D.C. Divas, www.dcdivas.com, or any group or individual affiliated with D.C. Divas, Inc. You may not use on your site any logos, trademarks, service marks, or copyrighted materials appearing on this site, including but not limited to any logos or characters, without the expressed written consent of the owner of the mark or right. You may not frame or otherwise incorporate into another site the content or other materials on this site without prior written consent.
Disclaimer
All D.C. Divas information is provided “as is” without warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement.  Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to you.
The information on this site may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. The D.C. Divas reserve the right to make changes, corrections, and/or improvements to the information on this site, and to the products and programs described in such information, at any time without notice.
With respect to all communications you make to the D.C. Divas regarding the information on this site, including but not limited to feedback, questions, comments, suggestions and the like: (a) you shall have no right of confidentiality in your communications and the D.C. Divas shall have no obligation to protect your communications from disclosure; (b) the D.C. Divas shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose, and distribute your communications to others without limitation; and (c) the D.C. Divas shall be free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, content, or techniques contained in your communications for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to the development, production, and marketing of products and services that incorporate such information.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify The D.C. Divas, Inc. and its officers, directors, employees, agents, distributors, and affiliates from and against any and all third party claims, demands, liabilities, costs, or expenses, including reasonable attorney’s fees, that arise from your use or misuse of this site.
Applicable Law
This is a United States web site and is subject to United States law. The D.C. Divas will disclose any information regarding the use of this site including personal information pertaining to you without your permission when required by law, or in good faith belief that such action is necessary to investigate or protect against harmful activities to D.C. Divas visitors, associates, or property (including this site), or to others.
If you would like to view the privacy practices that govern the D.C. Divas, please review our Privacy Policy. If you have questions about these Terms of Use, please notify us by e-mail or at the address above.
×