https://www.frankzane.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyYou are here: Home / Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or make a purchase from www.frankzane.com (the “Site”) or through our office staff.
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
When you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as “Device Information.”
We collect Device Information using the following technologies:
– “Cookies” are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
– “Log files” track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
– “Web beacons,” “tags,” and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site.
Additionally, when you place an order with us, or contact us for information about our products and services, or fill out our online contact form, we collect certain information from you. This information includes your name, your company name, billing address, shipping address, payment information (including credit card numbers), email address, and phone number. We refer to this information as “Order Information.”
When we talk about “Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy, we are talking both about Device Information and Order Information.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We use the Order Information that we generally collect to fulfill any orders (including processing your payment information, arranging for shipping, and providing you with invoices and/or order confirmations). Additionally, we use this Order Information to:
Communicate with you;
Screen our orders for potential risk or fraud; and
When in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services.
Produce usage statistics to allow Zananda Inc. to improve marketing and client services.
Maintain a contact list for keeping interested parties up to date with Zananda Inc. initiatives and industry news.
We use the Device Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the Site, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).
SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We share your Personal Information with third parties to help us use your Personal Information, as described above. We also use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site–you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/.
You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.
MARKETING
As described above, we use your Personal Information to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing communications we believe may be of interest to you.
Occasionally, we would like to send you information about our products, services, offers, and our business which may be of interest to you. Such information could be sent by mail, email, and telephone or text message.
We will ask whether you would like us to send you marketing messages on the first occasion that you provide any relevant contact information to us (i.e. on signing up for our newsletter, entering your information into our “Contact Us” form, etc.). If you opt in to receive such marketing from us you can opt out at any time (see ‘Your Rights’ below for further information). If you have any queries about how to opt out, or if you are receiving messages you do not want, you can contact us using the details provided below.
KEEPING YOUR INFORMATION SAFE AND SECURE
We will use technological and operational measures to keep your information secure. These measures may include the following examples:
All data is stored on secure servers, website capture forms are encrypted by SSL certificates.
However, while we will use all reasonable efforts to secure your personal data, in using the site you acknowledge that the use of the internet is not entirely secure and for this reason we cannot guarantee the security or integrity of any personal data that are transferred from you or to you via the internet. If you have any particular concerns about your information, please contact us using the details below.
YOUR RIGHTS
If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.
Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above. Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States.
You can also ask us to stop contacting you for direct marketing purposes. If you would like to do this, please email, call or write to us (using the contact details below.)
From time to time we may also have other methods to unsubscribe from any direct marketing including for example, unsubscribe buttons or web links. If such are offered, please note that there may be some period after selecting to unsubscribe in which marketing may still be received while your request is being processed.
DATA RETENTION
When you place an order through the Site, we will maintain your Order Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information.
MINORS
The Site is not intended for individuals under the age of 18 years of age.
CHANGES
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.
CONTACT US
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at info@frankzane.com or by mail using the details provided below:
P.O. Box 1964
La Mesa, CA91944
Next review date: 12/31/2018
Must-Have Products!
Muscle Past Midlife | Building the Body 2020
$33.00 – $50.00
Zane Ultimate Autographed Holiday Bundle(U.S. Orders Only)
$149.00 – $159.00
Free Health & Fitness Tips
Sign up today to receive occasional health and fitness tips by email from Frank.
We promise not to spam you or sell your information.
Your First Name*Your Email*
Acknowledgment Of Consent*This form collects your name and email so that we can add you to our newsletter for ongoing product and promotional updates. Check out our privacy policy to learn more about how we protect and manage your submitted data.
I consent to having FrankZane.com collect my name and email.
Recent NewsRepetition by Frank ZaneJanuary 23, 2020 - 6:14 pmHow to Get Horseshoe Triceps the Zane WayJanuary 10, 2020 - 1:47 pmHow to Achieve Your Fitness Goals in 2020January 3, 2020 - 10:15 am
Free Health & Fitness Tips
Sign up today to receive occasional health and fitness tips by email from Frank.
We promise not to spam you or sell your information.
Your First Name*Your Email*
Acknowledgment Of Consent*This form collects your name and email so that we can add you to our newsletter for ongoing product and promotional updates. Check out our privacy policy to learn more about how we protect and manage your submitted data.
I consent to having FrankZane.com collect my name and email.
Find Frank on Facebookhttps://www.facebook.com/pages/Frank-Zanes-Page/176286703115
Scroll to top