http://www.ashteadfc.co.uk/privacy
Player Login | Shop | Email Us
Teams
News
Registration
Club History
Venue Hire
Sponsors
Contacts
How To Find Us
Home
Privacy Policy
PRIVACYWe know that you are concerned with how your personal and financial information is dealt with. This privacy statement sets out our current policies and demonstrates our commitment to your financial privacy. We may change the content or services found on our Site at any time without notice, and consequently our privacy policy may change at any time in the future. You agree to revisit this page regularly and your continued access to or use of the Site will mean that you agree to the changes. PUBLIC AREASWhen using the public portion of the Site you are not required to provide us with any personal information and we do not monitor or collect any personally identifiable information from you on your use of the public portions of the Site. We may track the number of users who visit areas of the Site, but this tracking will not identify you. PERSONAL INFORMATIONIf you register to use the password protected portions of the Site, we will ask you to provide us with certain up to date data about yourself which we will handle in accordance with the United Kingdom's Data Protection legislation. We maintain strict security standards and procedures with a view to preventing unauthorised access to your data by anyone, including our staff. We use leading technologies such as (but not limited to) data encryption, fire walls and server authentication to protect the security of your data. COOKIESCookies are pieces of information that a website transfers to your computer's hard disc for record keeping purposes. Cookies can make the web more useful by storing information about your preferences on particular sites, thus enabling website owners to provide more useful features for their users. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If you would prefer, you can set your browser to refuse cookies. However, given that we may sometimes use cookies you may not be able to take full advantage of our website if you do so.COPYRIGHTAll content and pictures on this site are owned by Ashtead Football Club, unauthorised copy or removal of any content (including pictures) must first get permission from the club, please e-mail us on webmaster@ashteadfc.co.uk . Please see our Terms and Conditions for more details on the use of our Site.YOUR QUERIESIf you have any queries regarding privacy issues, then please e-mail us on webmaster@ashteadfc.co.uk . Please see our Terms and Conditions for more details on the use of our Site.
Teams
AdultFirst Team
Stallions
Vets
Under 21
SocialYouthMini Colts - Reception
Mini Colts - Year 1
Mini Colts - Year 2
Mini Colts - Year 3
Mini Colts - Year 4, 5 & 6
Under 7s
Under 8s
Under 9s
Under 10s
Under 11s
Under 12s
Under 13s
Under 14s
Under 15s
Under 16s
Under 17s
Under 18s
Terms & Conditions |
Privacy Policy |
Policies and Protection
© 2009 Ashtead FC. All Rights Reserved. Design & Built by UK Digital Graphics.