https://www.maderasgolf.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - Maderas Golf Club
Skip to content
HOME
GOLF
GROUP GOLF
MEETINGS & EVENTS
WEDDINGS
THE GRILLE
PLAYERS CLUB
GOLF SHOP
Shopping Cart
HOME
GOLF
GROUP GOLF
MEETINGS & EVENTS
WEDDINGS
THE GRILLE
PLAYERS CLUB
GOLF SHOP
Shopping Cart
HOME
GOLF
GROUP GOLF
MEETINGS & EVENTS
WEDDINGS
THE GRILLE
PLAYERS CLUB
GOLF SHOP
Maderas Golf Club takes your privacy seriously. Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy.
What This Privacy Policy Covers
This policy covers how Maderas Golf Club treats personal information that Maderas Golf Club collects and receives, including information related to your past use of Maderas Golf Club products and services. Personal information is information about you that is personally identifiable like your name, address, email address, or phone number, and that is not otherwise publicly available.
This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Maderas Golf Club does not own or control, or to people that Maderas Golf Club does not employ or manage. In addition, certain Maderas Golf Club associated companies that have their own privacy policies.
Information Collection and Use
Maderas Golf Club collects personal information when you register with Maderas Golf Club, when you use Maderas Golf Club products or services, when you visit Maderas Golf Club pages or the pages of certain Maderas Golf Club partners, and when you enter promotions or sweepstakes. Maderas Golf Club will combine information about you that we have with information we obtain from business partners or other companies.
We may ask for information such as your name, contact information, and personal interests. Once you register with Maderas Golf Club and sign in to our services, you are not anonymous to us.
Maderas Golf Club collects information about your transactions with us and with some of our business partners, including information about your use of products and services that we offer.
Maderas Golf Club uses information for the following general purposes: to customize the advertising and content you see, fulfill your requests for products and services, improve our services, contact you, conduct research, and provide anonymous reporting for internal and external clients.
Cookies and Other Similar Technologies
Like many other websites, this site uses cookies and other similar technologies like web beacons or pixels to improve the performance of the website or to provide more relevant ads. Cookies are small text files sent from a website and stored on your browser while you visit a website. Cookies track how you use a website and enable the website to remember your preferences and settings and help us analyze how the website is performing
When you visit this website, Maderas Golf Club or an authorized third party service provider may place a cookie on your browser which can collect information, including personal data, about your online activities over time or across different sites. Many web browsers are set up to accept cookies automatically, but you may change your cookie preferences through the options available in your web browser. You may choose not to receive certain cookies, however please note this may affect the availability of certain features of our website.
Session Cookies
Session Cookies provide information about how a website is used during a single browser session while a user is visiting a website and usually expire after the browser is closed.
Persistent Cookies
Persistent Cookies remain on your device between different browser sessions for a set amount of time in order to enable the website to remember user preferences, settings, or actions across other sites.
First-Party Cookies
First-Party Cookies are cookies set by the website you are visiting.They have the same domain or subdomain as what is in your browser’s address bar.
Third-Party Cookies
Third-Party Cookies are set by third parties that are different from the website you are visiting. These cookies have a different domain or subdomain than what is in your browser’s address bar.
Analytics
Third party analytics services, such as Google Analytics, are used to understand how this website is accessed and used to improve the performance of the website and to send you marketing information that may interest you. You can learn more about Google Analytics at https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/ and you may choose to opt-out by visiting https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Marketing
Depending on your browser settings, third party marketing services may set cookies, pixels and other similar technologies to collect data about your online activity when you visit this website in order to provide more relevant advertising and provide an optimized experience on other websites that you visit where Maderas Golf Club may buy advertising.
You may change your cookie preferences in your web browser settings. Please review the options available in the web browser that you are using to make changes to your cookie preferences.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
Maderas Golf Club does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies except to provide products or services you’ve requested, when we have your permission, or under the following circumstances:
We provide the information to trusted partners who work on behalf of or with Maderas Golf Club under confidentiality agreements. These companies may use your personal information to help Maderas Golf Club communicate with you about offers from Maderas Golf Club and our marketing partners. However, these companies do not have any independent right to share this information.
We respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims;
We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of Maderas Golf Club’s terms of use, or as otherwise required by law.
We transfer information about you if Maderas Golf Club is acquired by or merged with another company. In this event, Maderas Golf Club will notify you before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Maderas Golf Club sends out targeted emails containing news or advertisements of our courses, products or services based on personal information. Partners may assume that people who interact with, view, or click on targeted ads meet the targeting criteria – for example, women from a particular geographic area.
Maderas Golf Club does not provide any personal information to the Partner when you interact with or view a targeted email or ad. However, by interacting with or viewing an email or ad you are consenting to the possibility that the advertiser will make the assumption that you meet the targeting criteria used to display the ad.
Maderas Golf Club partners include tee time service providers.
Maderas Golf Club may set and access Maderas Golf Club cookies on your computer.
Updating Account Information
You can edit your Maderas Golf Club Account Information, including your marketing preferences, at any time.
New categories of marketing communications may be added to the Marketing Preferences page from time to time. Users who visit this page can opt out of receiving future marketing communications from these new categories or they can unsubscribe by following instructions contained in the messages they receive.
You can unsubscribe from Maderas Golf Club emails by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of all of our customer emails, replying to such emails with the word “unsubscribe” in the subject line, emailing info@maderasgolf.com notifying us of your desire to be removed from Maderas Golf Club’s email list or by calling 1.858.451.8100. At which time, Maderas Golf Club will keep your information, but will no longer contact the specific email address that was unsubscribed with solicitous emails.
Confidentiality and Security
We limit access to personal information about you to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs.
We have physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect personal information about you.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Maderas Golf Club may update this policy. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your Maderas Golf Club account or by placing a prominent notice on our site.
Questions and Suggestions
If you have questions or suggestions, please complete a feedback form or you can contact us at:
Maderas Golf Club
17750 Old Coach Road
Poway, California 92061
Phone: 858.451.8100
Email: info@maderasgolf.com
GOLF
Course Tour
Club Rental
Caddie Service
Lessons
Golf Calendar
THE GRILLE
Hours
Reservations
Menus
Our Chef
Events
GROUP GOLF
Tournaments
Charity
Guys Getaways / League Trips
Group Golf Inquiry
MEETINGS & EVENTS
Event Inquiry
Our Venues
Corporate
Blue Sky Meetings
Holiday Parties
Bar/Bat Mitzvahs
Accessibility | Privacy Policy
Maderas Golf Club © 2019. All Rights Reserved. Site Credit
×
Scroll to Top