https://www.neworleanssaints.com/privacypolicy
Skip to main content
Advertising
Privacy Policy
New Orleans Saints Website Privacy Policy
Effective Date: 10/6/2014
Last Updated: 7/29/2020
New Orleans Louisiana Saints, LLC ("Saints," "we," "our," "us") respects your privacy and values your trust and confidence. This privacy policy (the "Privacy Policy") applies to our website www.neworleanssaints.com, the New Orleans Saints mobile application ("Mobile App"), online services that link to or post this Privacy Policy (collectively, the "Services"), and any other information you provide to us directly, and explains how we collect, use, and disclose information through the Services. By using the Services, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy. Please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to any information that is collected or obtained through sites or services that do not link to this Privacy Policy (including the Saints Pro Shop) or information collected by the NFL Entities (as defined herein).
Information Collection
Use of Information
Sharing of Information
Social Networking Services
Cookies, Similar Technologies, and Advertising
Links to Other Web Sites
Security
Children's Privacy
Changes to This Privacy Policy
Access to Your Information
Data Retention
Marketing Preferences
Mobile Applications
Your California Privacy Rights
California Consumer Privacy Act Notice
International Users
Contact Us
1. Information Collection
Information You Voluntarily Provide To Us
You generally are not required to provide information about yourself when you visit the Services. However, we may ask you for some or all of the following types of information when you register with our Services, sign up for contests or sweepstakes, sign up to receive email communications, use a send-to-a-friend feature, participate in surveys, complete in-person registrations, access various content or features, submit comments or content, or directly contact us with questions or feedback:
Contact information, such as name, e-mail address, postal address, and telephone number;
Demographic information, such as gender;
Geolocation data;
Financial information, such as credit card or other payment information;
Communications preferences;
Search queries;
Comments and other information posted in our interactive online forums;
Correspondence and other information that you send to us; and
Additional information as otherwise described to you at the point of collection or pursuant to your consent.
Referrals
If you choose to use our referral service, we will ask for your friend's name and email address to send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site and use the Services. If you believe that one of your contacts has provided us with your personal information and you would like to request that it be removed from our database, please contact us at privacy@saints.nfl.com.
Information We Collect Automatically
We also may collect certain information automatically when you visit the Services, including:
Your Internet Protocol (IP) address, which is the number automatically assigned to your computer whenever you access the Internet and that may be used to derive your general geographic area;
Other unique identifiers, including mobile device identification numbers;
Your browser type and operating system;
Sites you visited before and after visiting the Services;
Pages you view and links you click on within the Services;
Information collected through cookies, web beacons, local storage, and other technologies;
Information about your interactions with e-mail messages, such as the links clicked on and whether the messages were received, opened, or forwarded; and
Standard Server Log Information.
Information We Acquire from Third Parties
We may collect or receive information about you and your activity from third parties, including other users of our sites and services, advertisers, business parnters, and vendors, as follows:
Demographic information;
Contact information, such as name, e-mail address, postal address, and telephone number;
Geolocation data; and
General behavioral data.
User Data Supplementation
We may combine the information we collect about you with demographic, geolocation, and interest-based segment data, along with event-based data, cookie information, and hashed email addresses from third-party providers. We may also automatically log information with other information we collect about you. We do this to improve services we offer you and to improve marketing, analytics, and site functionality.
2. Use of Information
We may use information that we collect through the Services for a variety of purposes, including to:
Provide you with the products, promotions, services, newsletters, and information you request and respond to correspondence that we receive from you;
Contact you via email, telephone, text message, and otherwise about your account, products, services, contests/sweepstakes, and events that we think might be of interest to you;
Send you promotional materials or special offers on our behalf or on behalf of our marketing partners and/or their respective affiliates and subsidiaries and other third parties;
Maintain or administer the Services, perform business analyses, or for other internal purposes to improve the quality of our business, the Services, and other products and services we offer;
Publish stories, comments, photos, and other information posted in our interactive online features;
Customize and personalize your use of the Services; and
As otherwise described to you at the point of collection or pursuant to your consent.
3. Sharing of Information
We are committed to maintaining your trust, and we want you to understand when and with whom we may share the information we collect. We will share your personal information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this Privacy Policy.
Service Providers: We may share your information with service providers that perform certain functions or services on our behalf (such as to host the Services, fulfill orders, provide products and services, manage databases, perform analyses, process credit card payments, provide customer service, or send communications for us). These service providers are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to perform these services for us.
Subsidiaries and Affiliates: We may share your information with the subsidiaries and affiliates of the Saints, including, but not limited to, New Orleans Pelicans NBA, LLC. In addition, and without limitation, we may share your information with NFL Properties, LLC, NFL International, LLC, NFL Enterprises, LLC, NFL Ventures, L.P., and NFL Ventures, Inc. (collectively the "NFL Entities").
Select Business Partners: With your permission, we may share your information with select business partners so that they can provide you with special offers, promotional materials, and other materials that may be of interest to you. For example, you may be presented with an opportunity to have certain information shared with our third party business partners when you enter a contest or sweepstakes or elect to receive marketing offers or other information. If you do not elect to have your information shared, it will not be shared with such third parties. We take measures to help ensure that our partners protect the confidentiality, integrity, and security of any information we share with them. However, we are not responsible for the privacy practices of our business partners, which may use your information for their own purposes.
Advertising Choices: We and third parties on our digital properties may use cookies and similar tracking technologies to collect information and infer your interests for interest-based advertising purposes. If you would prefer to not receive personalized ads based on your browser or device usage, you may generally express your opt-out preference to no longer receive tailored advertisements. Please note that you will continue to see advertisements, but they will no longer be tailored to your interests.
To opt-out of interest-based advertising by participating companies in the following consumer choice mechanisms, please visit:
Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA)'s self-regulatory opt-out page (http://optout.aboutads.info/) and mobile application-based "AppChoices" download page (https://youradchoices.com/appchoices).
Network Advertising Initiative (NAI)'s self-regulatory opt-out page (http://optout.networkadvertising.org/).
In the mobile environment, most mobile operating systems offer device-based opt-out choices that are transmitted to companies providing interest-based advertising. To set an opt-out preference for a mobile device identifier (such as Apple's IDFA or Android's GAID), visit the device manufacturer's current choice instructions pages, or read more about sending signals to limit ad tracking for your operating system here: http://www.networkadvertising.org/mobile-choices.
The Services may also feature Nielsen proprietary measurement software, which will allow users to contribute to market research, such as Nielsen TV Ratings. Nielsen believes that you should have a choice about whether to contribute to our research and insights. To opt out of Nielsen measurement, you need only to activate the "Limit Ad Tracking" (for iOS devices) or "Opt out of Ads Personalization" (for Android devices) option in your devices settings. For web, please visit: http://www.nielsen.com/digitalprivacy to learn more about the Nielsen digital measurement products and your choices in regard to them.
Please note that these settings must be performed on each device (including each web browser on each device) for which you wish to opt-out, and if you clear your cookies or if you use a different browser or device, you will need to renew your opt-out preferences.
Business Transfer: If we sell all or part of our business, or make a sale or transfer of assets, or are otherwise involved in a merger or business transfer, or in the event of bankruptcy, a business reorganization, or similar event, we may transfer your information as part of such transaction. You will be notified via email and/or prominent notice on our web site of any changes in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.
Administrative or Legal Process: We may disclose your information to third parties in order to protect the legal rights, safety, and security of our organization, our corporate affiliates, subsidiaries, business partners, and the users of our Services; respond to and resolve claims or complaints; prevent fraud or for risk management purposes; and comply with or respond to law enforcement or legal process or a request for cooperation by a government or other entity, whether or not legally required.
Interactive Features: We may share information with third parties when you post information to a user profile or a public area of the Services, such as a forum, blog, or other community tool. If you post to these interactive features, it will be publicly available and you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties. We cannot ensure that parties who have access to such information will respect your privacy. Please exercise caution when using these features.
Other Parties With Your Express or Implied Consent: We may share information with third parties when you consent to such sharing. For example, if you win a contest or sweepstakes, we may ask your permission to publicly post certain information on the Services identifying you as the winner.
Aggregate Information: We may share aggregate information, such as demographic and usage statistics, with advertisers, sponsors, or other organizations.
Geolocation Information: We may share your geolocation information with service providers that perform certain functions or services on our behalf. These companies are authorized to use precise geolocation information only as necessary to provide these services to us. We also may share your geolocation information with third parties so that they may provide you with geographically relevant advertising. If you wish to stop the further collection of your geolocation information, please opt-out using your device settings.
4. Social Networking Services
Our website includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets, the Share button, or interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These Social Media Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the Social Media Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our website. Your interactions with these Social Media Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
We have worked with certain third-party social media providers to offer you their social networking services through our Services. For example, you can use third-party social networking services, including but not limited to Snapchat, Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, YouTube, and others to share information about your experience on our Services with your friends and followers on those social networking services. These social networking services may be able to collect information about you, including your activity on our Services. These third-party social networking services also may notify your friends, both on our Services and on the social networking services themselves, that you are a user of our Services or about your use of our Services, in accordance with applicable law and their own privacy policies. If you choose to access or make use of third-party social networking services, we may receive information about you that you have made available to those social networking services, including information about your contacts on those social networking services.
You also may be able to link an account from a social networking service (e.g., Snapchat, Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, YouTube) to an account on our Services. This may allow you to use your credentials from the other site or service to sign in to certain features on our Services. If you link your account from a third-party site or service, we may collect information from those third-party accounts, and any information that we collect will be governed by this Privacy Policy.
5. Cookies, Similar Technologies, and Advertising
Technologies such as cookies, web beacons, scripts, tags, and similar technologies are used by us and our partners and affiliates, or analytics, or service providers (such as Adobe Omniture and Google Analytics). These technologies are used in analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users' movements around the site, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis.
In addition, we allow third parties to place and read their own cookies, web beacons, scripts, tags, and similar technologies to collect information through the Services. For example, our service providers may use these technologies to collect information that helps us with traffic measurement, research, and analytics.
Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you reject cookies, you may still use our Services, but your ability to use certain features may be limited.
We, along with third parties, use Local Storage, such as HTML5, to store content information and preferences. Third parties with whom we partner to provide certain features on our site or to display advertising based upon your web browsing activity also use HTML5 to collect and store information. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5.
6. Links To Other Web Sites
The Services may contain links to other websites or online services that are operated and maintained by third parties and that are not under the control of or maintained by us, such as the "Pro Shop" at https://shop.neworleanssaints.com. Such links do not constitute an endorsement by us of those other websites, the content displayed therein, or the persons or entities associated therewith. This Privacy Policy does not apply to this third-party content. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of these third-party websites or services.
7. Security
We have adopted security procedures to help protect against loss, misuse, and unauthorized access to the information you provide to us. Please note, however, that no data transmission or storage can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your information and privacy, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you disclose or transmit to the Services and cannot be responsible for the theft, destruction, or inadvertent disclosure of your information.
8. Children's Privacy
We do not knowingly collect, use, or disclose personal information from children under the age of thirteen (13). However, we do collect information from parents about their children under thirteen (13) so that parents may register their children for our Kids Club, Junior Saintsations or other clinics. The information we may collect is your child's name, date of birth, and the address, all provided by a parent or guardian. We may use this information to allow you to register your child for the Kids Club, Junior Saintsations, and/or other clinics and for you, on behalf of your child, to receive Saints merchandise as a part of the applicable membership. If you no longer wish to allow your child to be part of the Kids Club, Junior Saintsations, and/or other clinics, or if you wish to delete all information collected about your child, please contact us at privacy@saints.nfl.com.
We will not share your child's personal information with any third party for any reason. If you feel we have collected personal information from your child directly, please contact us at privacy@saints.nfl.com to request immediate deletion of that information.
9. Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time. Your continued use of the Services after any modification to the Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of the new terms. If we make any material changes, we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on the Services prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
10. Access to Your Information
We respect your control over your information and, upon request, we will confirm whether we hold or are processing information that we have collected from you. You also have the right to amend or update inaccurate or incomplete personal information, request deletion of your personal information, or request that we no longer use it. Under certain circumstances we will not be able to fulfill your request, such as if it interferes with our regulatory obligations, affects legal matters, we cannot verify your identity, or it involves disproportionate cost or effort, but in any event we will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe and provide you an explanation. In order to make such a request of us, please email our Customer Support at privacy@saints.nfl.com, or by contacting us by telephone or postal mail at the contact information listed below.
11. Data Retention
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you Services. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
12. Marketing Preferences
You may choose to receive promotional emails, text messages, newsletters, push notifications, and similar communications from us. You may opt out of receiving commercial emails from us by clicking on the opt-out or "unsubscribe" link included in the commercial e-mails you receive. You may opt out of receiving push notifications by turning off push notifications at the device level. Please note that opt-out requests may take up to ten (10) business days to be effective. Your opt-out request will not apply to messages that you request or that are not commercial in nature. For example, we may contact you concerning any purchases you have made with us, even if you opt out of receiving unsolicited commercial email messages.
You may opt out of receiving text messages from us by following the instructions included in the original text message from us or by emailing our Customer Support at privacy@saints.nfl.com.
13. Mobile Applications
When you download and use our Mobile App, we automatically collect information on the type of device you use and operating system version.
We may send you push notifications from time to time in order to update you about any events or promotions that we may be running. If you no longer wish to receive these types of communications, you may turn them off at the device level.
We collect your location-based information for the purpose of providing you contextualized push notifications, helping find your way around the stadium, making you aware of stadium/team facility features, activations, or sending you updates that could assist with ingress, egress, and the general fan experience. We will share this information with our mapping provider for the sole purpose of providing you this service.
We may work in conjunction with third-party partners who may use technologies such as geofencing, beacons, and, with your permission, microphone access technology to identify fans attending a game, contact fans via an in-app feature in order to deliver food and beverages to your seat, to send updates that could assist with ingress, egress, and the general fan experience, and to allow participation in and alert you about in-venue features and promotions. Any personal information collected is only stored with your consent. To opt-out of geofencing, you may disable the Mobile App's location permissions on your device.
We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our Mobile App on your phone. This software may record information such as how often you use the application, the events that occur within the Mobile App, aggregated usage, performance data, and where the Mobile App was downloaded from. We do not link the information we store within the analytics software to any personally identifiable information you submit within the Mobile App.
14. Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to privacy@saints.nfl.com or write us at
New Orleans Saints
Attn: Legal Department
5800 Airline Drive
Metairie, LA 70003
In some cases, third parties may be able to collect information about a user's online activities over time and across different websites when he or she uses our Services.
Some web browsers may transmit "do-not-track" signals to the websites with which the user communicates. Because of differences in how web browsers incorporate and activate this feature, it is not always clear whether users intend for these signals to be transmitted, or whether they even are aware of them. Because there currently is no industry standard concerning what, if anything, websites should do when they receive such signals, we currently do not take action in response to these signals. If and when a final standard is established and accepted, we will reassess how to respond to these signals.
15. California Consumer Privacy Act Notice
This section provides additional information to California residents whose personal information we may process pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA"). If you are not a California resident, this section does not apply to you. You may view the full CCPA Notice here.
Categories of Personal Information Collected and Disclosed: During the preceding twelve (12) months, we have collected, per the practices described herein, the following categories of personal information that are processed pursuant to the CCPA: (1) identifiers, such as your contact information, (2) Internet and electronic network activity information, such as information about your interactions with our websites, mobile applications, and social media pages; (3) audio, electronic, or visual information; (4) professional information; (5) education information; (6) inferences about you, including about your preferences; (7) financial information and other information as described above that may be considered personal information under Cal. Civ. Code Section 1798.80; (8) protected classifications under California or federal law; (9) commercial information including records or products or services purchased; (10) biometric information; (11) geolocation data.
We do not, and will not without your consent, "sell" personal information for purposes of the CCPA. As set forth herein, we disclose personal information to third parties for business purposes, including without limitation, for purposes of advertising, marketing, and other services performed on our behalf, to protect against fraud and malicious activity, and for other business purposes described in this Privacy Policy. During the preceding twelve (12) months, we have disclosed each of the above-listed categories of personal information for such business purposes. In addition, your information may be accessible to third parties with whom you interact or direct us to share your information through our services.
CCPA Rights: The CCPA allows California residents to request that a business that collects consumers' personal information give consumers access, upon a verifiable consumer request, in a portable and (if technically feasible) readily usable form, to the specific pieces and categories of personal information that the business has collected about the consumer, the categories of sources for that information, the business or commercial purposes for collecting the information, and the categories of third parties with which the information was shared. California residents also have the right to submit a request for deletion of personal information under certain circumstances, although there may be legal or other reasons that we must retain your information consistent with California law. We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights and choices, although some of the functionality and features available to you may change or no longer be available to you. Any differences in the services are related to the value provided.
Please submit your request at this link, or by emailing us at privacy@saints.nfl.com or by calling 1-833-490-1763. Once we receive your request, we may verify it by requesting information sufficient to confirm your identity. If you would like to use an authorized agent registered with the California Secretary of State to exercise your rights, we may request evidence that you have provided such agent with power of attorney or that the agent otherwise has valid written authority to submit requests to exercise rights on your behalf. We reserve the right to deny requests in certain circumstances, such as where we have a reasonable belief that the request is fraudulent.
16. International Users
Please note that the Services are hosted in and provided from the United States and are directed towards users who reside in the United States. If you are a resident of the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection, you should be aware that the laws of the United States may not offer the same level of privacy protection as your own. However, we commit to uphold the privacy protections as explained in this Privacy Policy.
17. Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the privacy practices of the Services, contact privacy@saints.nfl.com or by regular mail at:
New Orleans Saints
Attn: Legal Department
5800 Airline Drive
Metairie, LA 70003
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.
Advertising
Big left arrow icon
Big right arrow icon
Close icon
Copy Url
Three dots icon
Down arrow icon
Email icon
Email icon
Exit Fullscreen icon
External link icon
Facebook logo
Football icon
Facebook logo
Instagram logo
Snapchat logo
YouTube logo
TikTok logo
Spotify logo
LinkedIn logo
Grid icon
Key icon
Left arrow icon
Link icon
Location icon
Mail icon
Menu icon
Open icon
Phone icon
Play icon
Radio icon
Rewind icon
Right arrow icon
Search icon
Select icon
Selected icon
TV icon
Twitter logo
Twitter logo
Up arrow icon
User icon
Audio icon
Tickets iconAdd to calendar iconNFC icon
AFC icon
NFL icon
Carousel IconList ViewWebsite
InstagramTwitterFacebookSnapchatShop IconProfile Overlay
AvatarAddAirplayArrow LeftArrow RightArrow UpArrow DownAudioBack 5sBack 10sBack 30sCalendarChartCheckDownLeftRightUpChromecast OffChromecast OnCloseClosed CaptionsBench OffBench OnBroad OffBroad OnVertical OffVertical OnCommentDockDoneDownloadDraftFantasyFilterForward 5sForward 10sForward 30sFull Screen OffFull Screen OnGamepassGamesInsightsKeyLeaveLiveCombineDraftFantasyMenu GamesMenu NetworkMenu NewsMenu PlayoffsMenu Pro BowlMenu ShopMenu StandingsMenu StatsMenu Super BowlMenu TeamsMenu TicketsMenuMore HorizontalMore VerticalMy LocationNetworkNewsPauseplayMultiple PlayersSingle PlayerPlaylistPlayoffsPro BowlPurgeRefreshRemoveReplaySearchSettingsShare AndroidShare Copy URLShare EmailShare FacebookShare InstagramShare iOSShare SnapchatShare TwitterSkip NextSkip PreviousStandingsStarStatsSwapTeamsTicketsVideoVisibility OffVisibility OnVolume HiVolume LowVolume MediumVolume MuteWarningWebsite
Caret downCaret upAt
The browser you are using is no longer supported on this site. It is highly recommended that you use the latest versions of a supported browser in order to receive an optimal viewing experience. The following browsers are supported: Chrome, Edge (v80 and later), Firefox and Safari.
Got it!