https://www.golfdigest.com/story/privacy-and-cookies-notice
December 23, 2019
Privacy and Cookies Notice
Share this story:
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Privacy and Cookies Notice
LAST UPDATED: December 23, 2019
NOTE:
The Golf Digest Privacy and Cookies Notice has been updated. Please review the updated Privacy and Cookies Notice carefully.
Welcome to Golf Digest, a division of Discovery Golf, Inc. (“Golf Digest” or “Company”).
Golf Digest understands and respects your concerns about privacy. This Privacy and Cookies Notice describes Golf Digest’s privacy practices as it pertains to the website and applications associated with the Golf Digest offerings as well as Golf Digest e-mail newsletters and any other Golf Digest services where this Privacy and Cookies Notice is posted (the “Golf Digest Services”). We may from time-to-time revise this Privacy and Cookies Notice, so please be sure to check back periodically. By visiting or using the Golf Digest Services, you are acknowledging your understanding of this Privacy and Cookies Notice.
This Notice explains:
(1) TYPES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM OR ABOUT YOU
(2) HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
(3) WHEN WE SHARE INFORMATION
(4) CHOICES YOU HAVE REGARDING THE COLLECTION, USE, AND SHARING OF INFORMATION
(5) HOW WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
(6) ADDITIONAL PRIVACY INFORMATION FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
(7) ADDITIONAL PRIVACY INFORMATION FOR NEVADA RESIDENTS
(8)
HOW WE PROTECT CHILDREN’S INFORMATION
(9) HOW WE MAINTAIN AND SECURE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
(10) THIRD-PARTY SITES, SERVICES AND FEATURES
(11) GOVERNING LAW AND VENUE
(12) UPDATES TO THE NOTICE
(13) HOW TO CONTACT US
1. TYPES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM OR ABOUT YOU
When you interact with the Golf Digest Services, we collect information that directly identifies you (i.e., information that would allow someone to identify you or contact you, such as your full name, postal address, e-mail address or telephone number), as well as information about your use of the Golf Digest Services. Below we describe the different types of information we collect from you and the devices you use when you interact with the Golf Digest Services.
Information you provide to us:
The Golf Digest Services may permit you to enter contact information and other information about yourself and others. We collect and store any information you enter through the Services. For example, you may provide:
•	your name, username, postal address, e-mail address, password, phone number, profile picture, birthday or other information, such as when you register with our Services, create or edit your user profile, sign up to receive newsletters, or enter in a contest or sweepstakes;
•	certain demographic information about you, such as your age, gender, or income bracket, when you participate in a survey or poll;
•	photos, comments, videos and other materials and information you post to the Services (such as in chat rooms, message boards, or similar public forums or comments to recipes posted on the Services), including in non-public messages you send to other users of the Services;
•	your payment information when you are purchasing products or services from us, including credit card and billing information; or
•	your email address, communications, and files when you send to us a message by e-mail, through our Customer Support portal, or through other communication services.
Information we collect automatically from your devices:
When you interact with the Golf Digest Services, certain information about your use of the Golf Digest Services is automatically collected. This information includes information about the devices used to access the Services, such as Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, your device ID and other unique device identifiers, mobile network information, and information about how the device is interacting with the Golf Digest Services, hardware model, and the type and version of your device’s operating system or browser. We also collect information about how you use the Golf Digest Services, such as pages viewed and the order of such pages, content (including video content) or advertising you view within the Golf Digest Services, the length of time you interact with the Golf Digest Services, error logs, websites and other services you visit before and after visiting the Golf Digest Services, and other similar information.
Much of this information is collected through cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies. Please see the below information on Cookies & Tracking Technologies for further information, including your choices in relation to the use of these technologies.
Information from Social Media Networks and Other Third Parties:
When you use certain features of the Services, you may give us permission to access information about you from services offered by third parties, including social media networks. For example, you may choose to register on our websites by using a social media account, or you may use a social media function on our Golf Digest Services such as a “share” button. Doing that allows us to obtain information from the social media platform. That information could include your friends or contacts, profile picture, birthdate, gender, people/sites you follow or other profile-related information, as well as any other information you have opted to share publicly. The information we obtain from social media networks depends on your account/privacy settings with those third parties and those third-parties’ privacy policies, so be sure to check those policies and to adjust your settings to meet your preferences.
We may also obtain information about you from other third-party sources, such as our partners and advertisers, interactive applications offered through our services (such as embedded video players), and commercially available sources such as data aggregators and public databases. We may combine the information we receive from third parties with information we collect through the Golf Digest Services.
Location Information: We collect general information about your location through the Golf Digest Services, such as the city, state, and/or zip code associated with your IP Address. If you agree, we may collect more specific location information that is provided through the GPS functionality on your mobile device used to access the Services. That location information may be used to present information and advertising that is of relevance to you in your geographic area and to allow you to take advantage of certain features of the services. If you grant permission for us to collect more specific GPS location information, you can disable such access through your mobile device settings.
Information You Provide About Others: If you send someone else a communication using the Golf Digest Service, such as sending content to a friend, the information you provide (names, e-mail addresses, etc.) is used to facilitate the communication and is not used for any other marketing purpose unless we obtain consent from that person or we explicitly say otherwise in accordance with applicable legal requirements. Please be aware that when you use any send-to-a-friend functionality on our Services, your e-mail address may be included in the communication you send.
2.	HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We use the information we collect to provide and improve the Golf Digest Services, to communicate with you, to deliver advertising, and to develop and provide additional products, features and offerings, as explained in more detail below.
To provide, maintain, develop, and improve the Golf Digest Services, including to:
•	fulfill your requests for products, services or information;
•	process your payments and ship your products;
•	enable your access to the Golf Digest Services and to participate in any special features of the Golf Digest Services;
•	to maintain and administer accounts;
•	learn about how you use the Golf Digest Services, including by linking your activities across the various devices you may use (see below information regarding Cross-Device Tracking);
•	analyze patterns in the use of the Services, study site traffic, understand customer needs and trends, carry out targeted promotional activities, determine what type of content is most popular and what type of visitors are interested in particular kinds of content and advertising, and improve our Golf Digest Services; and
•	customize the content and advertisements you receive from us and our trusted partners.
To communicate with you, including to:
•	provide customer service support or respond to your inquiries, requests and comments;
•	send you electronic newsletters or enter you into sweepstakes or contests;
•	offer you additional information, opportunities, marketing, promotions, and functionality for our products and services and those of our subsidiaries and affiliated companies, our business partners, or third-party advertisers;
•	provide you legal notices or other notices with respect the Golf Digest Services, including service-related communications;
For our business purposes, including:
•	to prevent fraud or potentially illegal activities on our Golf Digest Services, and to protect the safety of users and others on our Services;
•	for internal business purposes or for any other purposes disclosed at the time you provide the information or as otherwise set forth in this Privacy and Cookies Notice.
•	for any and all internal business purposes that are consistent with “business purposes” exceptions in state and federal privacy law.
Please note that all of the information we collect about you may be combined together in order to facilitate all of the above purposes, including to help us tailor content and advertising that is of greatest relevance to you.
3.	WHEN WE SHARE INFORMATION
We may disclose the information we collect as described below.
Third-party service providers: We engage third-party service providers to perform a variety of services and functions for us, such as customer support, administering our promotions, providing us marketing or promotional assistance, data analytics, online advertising, technology services and platforms, processing payments, and other services.
The Discovery family of companies:
We may share information about you within the family of Discovery companies, including our subsidiary and affiliated companies and joint venture partners, to provide and improve our products and services, as well as providing you with information about products or services that may interest you.
Sweepstakes, contests & promotions:
When you register or enter a promotion, sweepstakes, or contest through our Services, we may share the information you provide for such purposes with authorized third-party service providers (as described above), participating sponsors, and advertising partners. Further, by entering any promotion, you are agreeing to the official rules that govern that promotion, which may require you to take certain actions, including, except where prohibited by law, allowing Discovery and/or the sponsor(s) of the promotion to use and publicly release your name, voice and/or likeness in advertising or marketing associated with the promotion. Please review the relevant promotion, sweepstakes, or contest rules for more information.
Business partners:
We may share information with third parties with whom we have business, marketing, or other relationships, such as our co-promotional partners, advertisers, ad networks, and data marketing services, for multiple purposes including offering products and services that may interest you.
Business transfer:
In the event we go through a business transition such as a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, reorganization or sale of all or a portion of our assets, the information we collect and maintain may be sold or transferred as part of that transaction. We will take reasonable steps to ensure that the new entity continues to process the information collected about you as set forth in this Privacy and Cookies Notice and that any consumer preferences are followed.
Legal requirements and protection of Golf Digest Services and users: We will disclose the information we collect: (a) when we are required to do so by law (or to respond to subpoenas, warrants, government requests, or similar process served on us); (b) pursuant to our DMCA notice and takedown policy and procedures; and/or (c) if we believe in good faith that such action is necessary to protect or defend our legal rights or property, our Services, you, or other third parties, or ensure the safety and security of our Services, systems, and of our customers or the general public.
With your consent:
We may share or disclose information about you if you ask or authorize us to do so. Additionally, when you share information in a public forum, that information may be seen or collected by anyone, including third parties that do not adhere to our Privacy and Cookies Notice. We are not responsible for events arising from the distribution of any information you choose to share publicly through our Golf Digest Services.
Aggregate information:
We may aggregate and/or de-identify information such that it is no longer linked to you or your device. This Privacy and Cookies Notice does not limit our ability to disclose aggregated or de-identified information that is not linked to you. We may use and disclose such information to our partners, advertisers and any other third parties.
4.	THE CHOICES YOU HAVE REGARDING THE COLLECTION, USE, AND SHARING OF INFORMATION
You have many choices regarding how we use and share your information. These choices are described in more detail below.
Subscription and Registration Services:
The Golf Digest Services may include subscription and registration management tools that allow you to make changes regarding your preferences for receiving communications. Regardless of whether these tools are available through the Services, you may contact us as at privacy_policy@discovery.com if you: (a) have questions or comments about our Privacy and Cookies Notice; (b) wish to make corrections to the information have provided to us; (c) want to opt-out from receiving future commercial correspondence, including e-mails, from us (we may continue to send you transactional messages such as responding to your inquiries or notices of updates to our Policy, if we choose to provide such notices to you in this manner); or (d) do not want us to share information that identifies you with third parties for such third parties’ direct marketing purposes.
We will respond to your request and, if applicable and appropriate, make the requested change in our active databases as soon as reasonably practicable. Please note:
•	you may be required to verify your identity to make certain changes;
•	we may not be able to fulfill certain requests while allowing you access to certain benefits and features of our Golf Digest Services;
•	it is not always possible to completely change, remove, or delete all information about you from our databases for legal and other reasons; and
•	we generally do not remove public postings you may have made on the Golf Digest Services, such as in forums or blogs.
E-mail communications:
In connection with certain features on the Golf Digest Services, we may allow you to set your preferences for receiving e-mail communications from us (such as agreeing to some communications but not others). In other instances, you may “opt out” of receiving future commercial e-mail communications from us by clicking the “unsubscribe” link or following the other instructions included at the bottom of most e-mails we send, provided, however, we reserve the right to send you transactional e-mails, such as customer service communications and shipping confirmations.
Targeted advertising:
To find out more about our advertising and how to opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from companies that participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance, please see the below section on Cookies & Other Tracking Technologies. You may also choose to block cookies.
Mobile device location information: If you access the Services through a mobile device and you do not want your device to provide us with specific, GPS location-tracking information, either do not agree to allow your device to share this information with us or disable the GPS or other location-tracking functions on your device. Your device manufacturer should provide instructions on how to disable GPS or other location-tracking functions. If you initially consent to the collection of location information, you can subsequently stop our collection of location information at any time by changing the preferences on your mobile device or by uninstalling the application from your mobile device.
5.	HOW WE USE COOKIES & OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
Like many companies, we use cookies and other tracking technologies on our Services. Below are some examples of the types of tracking technologies that may be used, depending on how you access and interact with the Golf Digest Services.
Web browser cookies
A cookie is a data file placed on a computer when it is used to visit the Golf Digest Services. Cookies generally contain information that is associated with your web browser, information such as website preferences, login information, or a user ID. This information enables online services to recognize you as you interact with or revisit the service.
“First party cookies” are cookies that are set by the domain that you are visiting. When you visit the Golf Digest Website, we serve cookies set in that domain.
“Third party cookies” are cookies served by our advertising partners, advertising networks, and analytics providers when you interact with the sites. We do not permit third party cookies to use cookies or similar technologies to collect information that personally identifies you, such as your name, email address or other personal contact information.
“Session cookies” are stored for the duration of your visit.
“Persistent cookies” continue to be stored after you leave the Services, and may be kept for weeks, or even years.
Some of the cookies we use may be “flash” cookies. A flash cookie is a data file placed on a computer via the Adobe Flash plug-in that may be built-in to or downloaded by you to your computer. These cookies may not be deleted when your cookies are deleted or disabled. Please check your browser to determine where these types of cookies are stored and how they may be deleted or disabled.
Tracking technologies
The Golf Digest Services may contain web beacons/GIFs, pixels, page tags, embedded scripts and other tracking technologies. These technologies consist of small transparent image files or other web programming code that record how you interact with the Golf Digest Services. They are often used in conjunction with web browser cookies or other identifiers associated with your device.
Device Identifiers
We may collect your IP address or another unique identifier for the particular device you use to access the Internet or the Golf Digest Services. Mobile Advertising Identifiers We and our third-party service providers may receive an advertising identifier that is assigned to your device if you access the Golf Digest Services through a mobile app.
Cross Device Tracking
If you use different devices (such as your home computer, laptop, mobile device, connected television and/or other smart device) to access our Services, we may be able to associate you with each of your devices through deterministic (such as logging in to an account or service on multiple devices) or probabilistic (such as making reasonable inferences based on the collection of non-personal information about the devices you use) fingerprinting technologies.
How we use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies.
We and third parties may use cookies and tracking technologies when you interact with the Golf Digest Services for a variety of reasons, as described in detail, below.
Generally
We use cookies and other tracking technologies to record your preferences, to track the use of our Services and your exposure to our online advertisements, to monitor traffic, to improve the Golf Digest Services, to make the Golf Digest Services easier to use, including remembering your preferences and settings, and to make the Services more relevant to you.
Analytics
We use tracking technologies to count visitors to the Golf Digest Services, to monitor how users navigate the Services, to count how many e-mails that were sent were actually opened or to count how many articles or links were actually viewed, and other analytic purposes. Advertising we, or advertising companies working on our behalf, may use cookies and other tracking technologies to collect information about your interactions with Golf Digest Services, to provide interest-based advertisements on the Services, other Discovery services, and unaffiliated services, and to measure the effectiveness of advertisements.
How our Advertising Partners use Tracking Technologies. We use tracking technologies to count visitors to the Golf Digest Services, to monitor how users navigate the Services, to count how many e-mails that were sent were actually opened or to count how many articles or links were actually viewed, and other analytic purposes. Advertising we, or advertising companies working on our behalf, may use cookies and other tracking technologies to collect information about your interactions with Golf Digest Services, to provide interest-based advertisements on the Services, other Discovery services, and unaffiliated services, and to measure the effectiveness of advertisements.
Your Choices (Managing Cookies and How to Opt-Out).
In many instances, you have choices about the information you provide and how we use your information. These choices, and any related consequences, are described in detail below.
Cookies
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies but, if you prefer, you can usually modify your browser setting to disable or reject cookies. If you delete your cookies or if you set your browser to decline cookies, some features of the Services may not work or may not work as designed.
Targeted Ads on the Services
Many of the third-party advertisers that place tracking tools on our Golf Digest Services are members of programs that offer you the ability to opt out of the use of information about your web browsing behavior for purposes of showing ads that are targeted to your interests. You can learn more about the choices offered by these companies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative and the Digital Advertising Alliance.
Please note that opting-out of interest-based advertising by companies that participate in these programs does not mean that you will not receive advertising while using our Golf Digest Services or on other websites or online services, nor will it prevent the receipt of interest-based advertising from third parties that do not participate in these programs. In addition, opting out may still allow the collection of usage data for certain purposes (e.g., research, analytics and for internal online services operation purposes).
If your browsers are configured to reject cookies when you visit this opt-out page, or you subsequently erase your cookies, use a different computer or change web browsers, your NAI or DAA opt-out may not, or may no longer, be effective.
Mobile Device Tracking
You can opt out of the use of information about your mobile app usage by certain advertising companies through your device settings (“Limit Ad Tracking” on Apple devices and “Opt Out of Personalized Ads” on Android devices).
Notice Regarding Do Not Track Signals.
Your browser or device may include “Do Not Track” functionality. How browsers communicate the Do Not Track signal is not yet uniform, so a standard technological response has not yet been developed by the policy and technological communities. For this reason, we do not respond to Do Not Track signals currently. Our information collection and disclosure practices, and the choices that we provide, will continue to operate as described in this Privacy and Cookies Notice, whether or not a Do Not Track signal is received.
6.	ADDITIONAL PRIVACY INFORMATION FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
If you are a California resident, California law requires us to provide you with some additional information regarding the “personal information” (as defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”)) we collect from and about you, and your rights with respect to your personal information.
You can find this additional information in our California Privacy Notice.
7.	ADDITIONAL PRIVACY INFORMATION FOR NEVADA RESIDENTS
Under Nevada law, Nevada residents who have purchased goods or services from us may opt out of the “sale” of “covered information” (as such terms are defined under Nevada law) for monetary consideration to a person for that person to license or sell such information to additional persons.
In some circumstances, we may share your information with certain third parties that we believe can provide you with offers and promotions for products and services of interest to you.
This sharing may qualify as a sale under Nevada law. If you are a Nevada resident who has purchased goods or services from us, you may submit a request to opt out of “sales” activity emailing us at privacy_policy@discovery.com.
Please note we may take reasonable steps to verify your identity and the authenticity of the request.
8.	HOW WE PROTECT CHILDREN’S INFORMATION
Golf Digest Services are generally directed to adults and not intended for use by children under the age of thirteen (13), and we do not allow children to provide their “personal information” (as defined by the U.S. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act) on the Golf Digest Services, and we will delete such information in a reasonable period of time if we become aware of it. If you have any questions about our practices with respect to children’s privacy or to request that we delete personal information provided by your child, please contact us at privacy_policy@discovery.com.
If you create an account or register with any of our Golf Digest Services, you are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your password at all times.
9.	HOW WE MAINTAIN AND SECURE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We maintain the information we collect for as long as necessary to provide the Golf Digest Services, for so as long as reasonably required to satisfy the purpose for which you submitted the information or our business purposes, or as required by law. We take technical and organizational security measures to protect your information against accidental or unlawful destruction or accidental loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access. However, no method of transmission over the internet, and no means of electronic or physical storage, is absolutely secure. As such, you acknowledge and accept that we cannot guarantee the security of your information transmitted to, through, or on our Services or via the Internet and that any such transmission is at your own risk.
If you create an account or register with any of our Golf Digest Services, you are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your password at all times.
10. THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES AND SERVICES
Our Golf Digest Services may link or contain links to third-party websites (e.g. online stores that offer products for purchase), third-party plug-ins (e.g. social sharing buttons), and third-party features (e.g banner advertisements). These third-party services may collect information from or about you when you interact with them, and in some cases, they may track your activity, including through the use of cookies or other tracking technologies, without you needing to interact with them. We are not responsible for the content or practices of such third-parties, and their collection, use, and disclosure of your information will be subject to their privacy policies, and not this Privacy Policy. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of each and every website you visit or application you use.
11. GOVERNING LAW AND VENUE
This Privacy and Cookies Notice and all disputes arising hereunder or relating hereto shall be governed by, and will be construed under, the laws of the State of New York, without regard to choice of law principles. Those who choose to access the Golf Digest Services from locations outside the United States do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws if and to the extent local laws are applicable. By using the Golf Digest Services, you agree that the exclusive jurisdiction for any dispute not subject to the arbitration provision discussed in our Visitor Agreement shall be the state and federal courts located in New York.
12. UPDATES TO THE NOTICE
We may change this Privacy and Cookies Notice from time to time as our services, technology and legal obligations change. If we make changes, we will post the updated notice and revise the “Last Updated” Date.
Any changes will be effective immediately upon posting of the revised Privacy and Cookies Notice, and your continued use of the Services after that date will indicate your acknowledgment of any changes, unless applicable law requires us to provide another form of notice and/or seek your agreement to such changes.
13.
HOW TO CONTACT US
For any questions or complaints regarding this Privacy and Cookies Notice or our privacy practices, please contact us at: privacy_policy@discovery.com.
California Privacy Notice
This Privacy Notice for California residents supplements the Golf Digest Privacy and Cookie Notice [link].
This Notice applies to website visitors, app users, and customers in California. This Notice gives California residents additional information about our information collection and use practices required by the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”), and also provides California residents with specific privacy rights.
A.	Information About the Personal Information we Collect
This following chart provides information about the categories of personal information that we collect, the purposes for which we use the information, the sources of the information, and the categories of third parties to whom we disclose the information for business purposes.
A.	California Information & Deletion Rights
If you are a California resident, the CCPA allows you to make certain requests about your personal information. Specifically, the CCPA allows you to request us to:
•	Inform you about the categories of personal information we collect or disclose about you; the categories of sources of such information, the business or commercial purpose for collecting your personal information, and the categories of third parties with whom we share/disclose personal information;
•	Provide access to and/or a copy of certain personal information we hold about you;
•	Delete certain personal information we have about you; and
•	Provide you with information about the financial incentives that we offer to you, if any.
Please note that certain information may be exempt from such requests under California law.
For example, we need certain information in order to provide the Services to you.
Verification: We will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before responding to a request, which may include, at a minimum, depending on the sensitivity of the information you are requesting and the type of request you are making, verifying your name, e-mail address, and physical address.
You are also permitted to designate an authorized agent to submit certain requests on your behalf.
In order for an authorized agent to be verified, you must provide the authorized agent with signed, written permission to make such requests or a power of attorney.
We may also follow up with you to verify your identity before processing the authorized agent’s request.
If you would like further information regarding your legal rights under California law or would like to exercise any of them, please submit your request using the following intake form:
California Information & Deletion Requests
If you prefer, you may contact us at the following toll-free phone number to make your request: +1-866-324-3637.
B.	Notice of Right to Opt-Out of Sale of Personal Information
California residents may opt out of the “sale” of their personal information.
Under the CCPA, “sale” is broadly defined to mean the sharing of personal information with third parties who are not acting as our service providers or who are otherwise not restricted from using data only on our behalf or pursuant to an applicable CCPA exception.
In some circumstances, we may share certain of your information with third parties to provide you with offers, promotions, and opportunities that may be of interest to you, which may be considered a “sale” under the CCPA.
Under the CCPA, “sale” may also include allowing third parties to “collect” certain information, such as IP address, and/or browsing behavior, through cookies and similar technologies, to deliver targeted advertising on the Services or other services.
Advertising, including targeted advertising, enables us to provide you certain content for free and allows us to provide you offers relevant to you.
If you would like to opt out of our use of your information for such purposes that are considered a “sale” under California law, you may do so as outlined on the following page:
Do Not Sell My Personal Information.
Please note that we do not knowingly sell the personal information of minors under 16 years of age without legally-required affirmative authorization.
The CCPA further provides you with the right to not be discriminated against (as provided for in applicable law) for exercising your access, deletion or sale opt out rights.
C.	California “Shine the Light” Disclosure
If a company shares “personal information” (as defined in California’s “Shine the Light” law, Civil Code § 1798.83) with third parties for their direct marketing purposes (e.g., to send offers and information that may be of interest to you), California law requires either providing a mechanism by which consumers can obtain more information about such sharing over the prior calendar year, or providing a mechanism by which consumers can opt out of such sharing.
As discussed above, we provide an opt out for this sharing.
If you are a California resident and would like to opt out of sharing pursuant to this law, please use the “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” link above.
Trending Now
Related