http://www.thomas.edu/privacy-policy
myThomas
College Portal
Thomas Athletics
Academics
Admissions 	& Aid
Life at Thomas
Centers of Innovation
Alumni
About
Apply
Visit
Give
News
×
Search
Home
Consumer Information
Privacy Policy
We appreciate the contributions of our students and their families at Thomas College. This is why we are committed to respecting your privacy and the security of your personal information. Our privacy policy, updated on December 10, 2008, describes the information we collect and how we use it.
We always welcome questions, concerns, and feedback. For privacy-related issues, please contact us at:
Student Financial Services
Thomas College
180 West River Rd
Waterville, ME 04901
Phone: (207)859-1111
Fax: (207) 859-1114
Email: sfsdir@thomas.edu
Information We Collect
We may collect information (including name, address, telephone number, email address, transaction information, and credit card information) when you:
Make a lump sum tuition payment on a student account
Make a monthly payment plan installment on a student account
Contribute to efforts through Development, Alumni, or Institutional Advancement
Pay towards events coordinated with Campus Events
Pay housing or new student deposits
Pay application fees through Admissions or Graduate Divisions
Make a payment to participate in events such as family weekend
Make payments to purchase special offers
We maintain the data you provide us, along with a record of your payments and purchases, in a secure database. All hard copies are kept locked up within a secure area of the institution. This data may be combined with data from reputable sources including our online credit card processing agent, authorize.net.
Information We Share with Others and Your Privacy Rights
We contract with authorize.net and TD Banknorth for credit card processing. We provide these companies with only the information they need to perform their services and work closely with them to ensure that your privacy is respected and protected. These companies are prohibited by contract from using this information for their own marketing purposes or from sharing this information with anyone other than Thomas College.
Students at Thomas College are also covered by FERPA. The purpose of the Family Education and Rights and Privacy Act of 1974 (the Buckley Amendment) is to protect the students with regards to the release and access of student records. More information on the right to privacy provided to our students can be found in the Student Handbook.
On rare occasions, we may disclose specific information upon governmental request, in response to a court order, or when required by law to do so. We may also share information with companies assisting in fraud protection or investigation. We do not provide information to these agencies or companies for marketing or commercial purposes.
How We Use Email
When you provide us your email address, we will email you as necessary to process payments, provide receipt, or respond to questions and concerns.
Links to Other Sites
Occasionally we provide links on our Web site to other sites we think you will enjoy, or that may provide beneficial education information. These sites operate independently of Thomas College and have established their own privacy and security policies. For the best online experience, we strongly encourage you to review these policies at any site you visit.
Updating or Reviewing Your Information
To update your customer information please contact us at the address above. To protect your privacy, we will need to validate your identity before you update or review your information.
Policy Changes
If changes to our policies occur we will post these changes on our Web site. We encourage you to review our privacy policy periodically.
Questions or Comments
For questions, comments, or assistance we invite you to contact us.
Return Policy
Thomas College will process credit card refunds in the following circumstances:
Wrong amount was processed on the credit card (ex. $500 instead of $50).
A refund exists on the student account due to a credit transaction and a request is made to have the credit card refunded.
The intended credit card was not utilized, thus the incorrect card will be refunded and the new one charged.
Other situations may arise; in these instances, the decision to process a refund will be made by the Director of Student Financial Services. In certain situations receipts and/or other documentation may be requested by Student Financial Services.
180 West River RdWaterville, ME 04901207.859.1111Contact Us
Thomas College Viewbook
Programs
Academic Calendar
Request Information
Coronavirus Updates
Presidential Taskforce
Current Students
Careers
Parents
Presidential Taskforce
Commencement
Consumer Information
Privacy Policy
Request Information
Apply
Pay Deposit