http://www.suttonunited.net/terms-and-conditions/
National League SponsorMain Club Sponsor
Terms & Conditions
These Terms and Conditions will govern your use of our website.
By using our website, you accept these Terms and Conditions in full; accordingly, if you disagree with these Terms and Conditions or any part therein, please do not use our website.
Our website uses cookies – by using our website or agreeing to these Terms and Conditions, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of our Privacy Policy.
Copyright notice
Subject to the express provisions of these Terms and Conditions:
We, together with our licensors, own and control all the copyright and other intellectual property rights in our website and the material on our website;All the copyright and other intellectual property rights in our website and the material on our website are reserved.
Non-exclusive licence to use our website
You may:
view pages on our website in a web browser;download pages on our website for caching in a web browser;print pages from our website;stream audio and video files from our website; anduse our website services by means of a web browser,
subject to the other provisions of these Terms and Conditions.
Except as expressly permitted by the other provisions of these Terms and Conditions, you must not download any material from our website or save any such material to your computer or mobile device.
You may only use our website for your own personal and business purposes, and you must not use our website for any other purpose.
Except as expressly permitted by these Terms and Conditions, you must not edit or otherwise modify any material on our website.
Unless you own or control the relevant rights in the material, you must not:
republish material from our website, including republication on another website;sell, rent or sub-license material from our website;exploit material from our website for a commercial purpose;redistribute material from our website.
We reserve the right to restrict access to areas of our website, or indeed our whole website, at our discretion; you must not circumvent or bypass, or attempt to circumvent or bypass, any access restriction measures on our website.
Acceptable use
You may not:
use our website in any way or take action that causes, or may cause, damage to the website or impairment of the performance, availability or accessibility of the website;use our website in any way that is unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful, or in connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful purpose or activity;use our website to copy, store, host, transmit, send, use, publish or distribute any material which consists of (or is linked to) any spyware, computer virus, Trojan horse, worm, keystroke logger, rootkit or other malicious computer software;conduct any systematic or automated data collection activities (including – without limitation – scraping, data mining, data extraction and data harvesting) on or in relation to our website without our express written consent;access or otherwise interact with our website using any robot, spider or other automated means;use data collected from our website for any direct marketing activity, including – without limitation – email marketing, SMS marketing, telemarketing and direct mailing.
You must not use data collected from our website to contact individuals, companies or other persons or identities.
You must ensure that any information you supply to us through our website, or in relation to our website, is true, accurate, current, complete and non-misleading.
Report abuse
If you learn of any unlawful material or activity on our website, or any material or activity that breaches these Terms and Conditions, please let us know. You can let us know about any such material by email to datacontroller@suttonunited.net
Limited warranties
We do not warrant or represent:
the completeness or accuracy of the information published on our website;that the material on the website is up to date;that the website or any service on the website will remain available.
We reserve the right to discontinue or alter any or all of our website services, and to stop publishing our website, at any time in our sole discretion without notice or explanation; and save to the extent expressly provided otherwise in these Terms and Conditions, you will not be entitled to any compensation or other payment upon the discontinuance or alteration of any website services, or if we stop publishing the website.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we exclude all representations and warranties relating to the subject matter of these Terms and Conditions, our website and the use of our website.
Limitations and exclusions of liability
Nothing in these Terms and Conditions will:
limit or exclude any liability for death or personal injury resulting from negligence;limit or exclude any liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation;limit any liabilities in any way that is not permitted under applicable law;exclude any liabilities that may not be excluded under applicable law.
The limitations and exclusions of liability set out in this section and elsewhere in these Terms and Conditions govern all liabilities arising under these Terms and Conditions or relating to the subject matter of these Terms and Conditions, including liabilities arising in contract, in tort (including negligence) and for breach of statutory duty, except to the extent expressly provided otherwise in these Terms and Conditions.
Our website and the information on our website are provided free of charge. Therefore, we will not be liable for any loss or damage of any nature.
We will not be liable to you in respect of any losses arising out of any event or events beyond our reasonable control.
We will not be liable to you in respect of any business losses, including – without limitation – loss of or damage to profits, income, revenue, use, production, anticipated savings, business, contracts, commercial opportunities or goodwill.
We will not be liable to you in respect of any loss or corruption of any data, database or software.
We will not be liable to you in respect of any special, indirect or consequential loss or damage.
You accept that we have an interest in limiting the personal liability of our officers and employees and, having regard to that interest, you acknowledge that we are a limited liability entity; you agree that you will not bring any claim personally against our officers or employees in respect of any losses you suffer in connection with the website or these Terms and Conditions (this will not, of course, limit or exclude the liability of the limited liability entity itself for the acts and omissions of our officers and employees).
Indemnity
You hereby indemnify us, and undertake to keep us indemnified, against any and all losses, damages, costs, liabilities and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable legal expenses and any amounts paid by us to a Third Party in settlement of a claim or dispute) incurred or suffered by us and arising directly or indirectly out of your use of our website or any breach by you of any provision of these Terms and Conditions.
Breaches of these Terms and Conditions
Without prejudice to our other rights under these Terms and Conditions, if you breach these Terms and Conditions in any way, or if we reasonably suspect that you have breached these Terms in Conditions in any way, we may:
send you one or more formal warnings;temporarily suspend your access to our website;permanently prohibit you from accessing our website;block computers using your IP address from accessing our website;contact any or all of your Internet Service Providers and request that they block your access to our website;commence legal action against you, whether for breach of contract or otherwise.
Where we suspend or prohibit or block your access to our website or a part of our website, you must not take any action to circumvent such suspension or prohibition or blocking.
Third Party websites
Our website includes hyperlinks to other websites owned and operated by Third Parties; such hyperlinks are not necessarily recommendations.
We have no control over Third Party websites and their contents, and subject to these Terms and Conditions we accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.
Trade and Service Marks
Our logos and our other registered and unregistered trade and service marks are trademarks belonging to us; we give no permission for the use of these trademarks without prior written consent, and any unauthorised use will constitute an infringement of our rights.
Any Third Party registered and unregistered trade marks or service marks on our website are the property of their respective owners and, unless stated otherwise in these Terms and Conditions, we do not endorse and are not affiliated with any of the holders of any such rights and as such we cannot grant any licence to exercise such rights.
Variation
We may revise these Terms and Conditions from time to time.
The revised Terms and Conditions shall apply to the use of our website from the date of publication of the revised Terms and Conditions on the website, and you hereby waive any right you may otherwise have to be notified of, or to consent to, revisions of these Terms and Conditions.
Assignment
You hereby agree that we may assign, transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with our rights and/or obligations under these Terms and Conditions.
You may not without our prior written consent assign, transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with any of your rights and/or obligations under these Terms and Conditions.
Severability
If a provision of these Terms and Conditions is determined by any court or other competent authority to be unlawful and/or unenforceable, the other provisions will continue in effect.
If any unlawful and/or unenforceable provision of these Terms and Conditions would be lawful or enforceable if part of it were deleted, that part will be deemed to be deleted, and the rest of the provision will continue in effect.
Entire agreement
These Terms and Conditions, together with our Privacy Policy, shall constitute the entire agreement between you and us in relation to your use of our website and shall supersede all previous agreements between you and us in relation to your use of our website.
Law and jurisdiction
These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English law.
Any disputes relating to these Terms and Conditions shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
Who we are and how to contact us
We are:
Sutton United Football Club Limited.
Our Registered Office is at:
Knights Community StadiumGander Green LaneSuttonSurreySM1 2EY
We are registered in England – registration number 519334.
If you have any questions about our Terms and Conditions, please contact us at datacontroller@suttonunited.net