https://www.jnew62.com/privacy/
Privacy Policy
In using this website you are deemed to have read and agreed to the following:
The following terminology applies to the  Privacy Statement: “You” and “Your” refers to you, the person accessing this website and accepting the Company’s terms and conditions. “The Company”, “Ourselves”, “We” and “Us”, refers to our Company.
Privacy Statement
We respect your right to privacy. We do not share any information you provide us with anybody. This includes your Name, address, telephone number and email address. None of this information will be given out in any form unless required by law.
We are committed to protecting all customers’ privacy. We use the minimum information we collect about a person to process orders and to provide a more personalized shopping experience. All services will adhere to the standards as described. Please read on for more details about our privacy policy.
What information is collected? How do we use it?
No personal information is kept when you visit our sites.
When you order, we need to know your name, e-mail address, mailing address, credit card number, and expiration date. This allows us to process and fulfill your order and to notify you of your order status.
We do not use your email, unless there is a need to notify you about important functionality changes to the site or products offers.
We do not give or sell your information to others.
What about “cookies”?
“Cookies” are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. Our cookies do not contain any personally identifying information, but they do enable us to provide features such as Add To Cart shopping and to store items in your shopping cart. This cookie is accessible to the store you visit.
In summary We are committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information we collect on the site to make shopping at all stores possible and to enhance your overall shopping experience. We do not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others.
Your consent By using our web sites, you consent to the collection and use of this information. If the governing rules changes our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
How do we protect your information?
All sensitive/credit information you supply is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our databases.
Search for:
Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy