http://www.neilson.co.uk/website-conditions
Skip to main content
Home > Home >
Website terms & conditions
Website terms & conditions
This web site is operated by Neilson Retail Limited acting as booking agent for Neilson Active Holidays Limited, trading as Neilson. By accessing, using, browsing or booking on this web site you agree you have read, understood and are bound by these Website Conditions and by the booking conditions of Neilson Active Holidays Limited. Nothing on this web site shall constitute an offer to provide goods or services. Any holiday, flight or other service you purchase via this web site will constitute a legal and binding contract between you and Neilson Active Holidays Limited only when Neilson Active Holidays Limited have confirmed in writing or by e-mail their acceptance of your booking/purchase request, and such contract will be subject to their booking conditions and relevant information contained within these Web Site Conditions. The holidays and other services on this web site are only available for purchase by those who are aged 18 or over, who are making the purchase from within the United Kingdom and who have a UK address to which booking documentation may be sent. Neilson Retail Limited is a company incorporated in England and our business and the services we offer are governed by the applicable laws of England and Wales. We are not licensed to trade outside of the United Kingdom therefore we cannot accept booking requests from individuals who are not based in the UK. We do not accept bookings made by travel agents or other agents appointed on behalf of members of the public. Any bookings made in contravention of these conditions will be invalid and will be cancelled. In such circumstances, a refund will be given but we reserve the right to charge an administration fee of £100 per booking. No warranties and/or representations of any kind, express or implied, are given as to the compliance of the information shown on this site, the services offered, or any information relating to such services and our business in any respect with any laws of any country other than the laws of England and Wales. Access to this site is conditional on your agreement that all information contained in it and all matters which arise between you and us will be governed by English law. Access is further conditional on your agreement that any dispute or matter which arises between you and us will be dealt with exclusively by the Courts of England and Wales (unless you have booked your holiday in Scotland or Northern Ireland, in which case any disputes may be dealt with in the local courts in either country, as applicable). We reserve the right to deny access to this site at any time without notice. Without prejudice to the foregoing provisions, we are entitled to the benefit of any applicable exclusions and/or limitations of liability permitted by the laws of any country found to be applicable to the information shown on this site and/or to any services offered via this web site. Our registered company name, registered office address and company number are as follows: Neilson Retail Limited
2nd Floor, Locksview
Brighton Marina
Brighton
BN2 5HA Company Registration Number : 08725363 England Package holidays incorporating flights that are sold via this web site are ATOL protected by the Civil Aviation Authority (CAA) under Neilson Active Holidays Limited’s ATOL number 10794. The price of the package includes the amount of £2.50 per person as part of the ATOL Protection Contribution paid to the CAA. Site User ObligationsWhen you use this web site you agree to be bound by the following obligations: You accept financial responsibility for all transactions made under your name or account.
You confirm you are 18 years of age or over and have legal capacity to make a booking.
You warrant that all information you provide about yourself or anyone else is true and accurate.
You will not use this site for speculative, false or fraudulent bookings.
You will not use this site to transmit threatening, defamatory, pornographic, political, or racist material or any material that is otherwise unlawful.
You will not modify, copy, transmit, distribute, sell, display, license or reproduce this site or any of its content in any way, except that one copy of any information contained within this site that is relevant to you or your booking may be made for personal, non-commercial use.
You will make use of the security devices that we offer on this site and you will keep any passwords secret.Limitation or Exclusion of LiabilityThe booking conditions of Neilson Active Holidays Limited contain limitations and exclusions of liability to any person(s) who books and/or takes any of the holidays and/or travel arrangements advertised on this site. Cancellation and amendment charges are payable if a booking or other purchase is cancelled or amended by you after it has been confirmed. No warranties, promises and/or representations of any kind, express or implied, are given as to the nature, standard, suitability or otherwise of any services offered via this web site. We shall not be liable for any loss or damage of whatever nature (direct, indirect, consequential or other) which may arise as a result, directly or indirectly, from the use of any of the information or material contained in this web site and/or use of or access to any other information or material via web links from this site or any inability to access or use this web site. These exclusions of liability apply only to the extent permitted by law. If any of these exclusions, in whole or part, is found to be unlawful, void or for any other reason unenforceable, that exclusion or part of the exclusion shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the other exclusion(s) or part(s) of the exclusion(s) in question. Access to this web site is free and you access and use it entirely at your own risk. This site is provided on an 'as is' and 'as available' basis. We accept no liability in respect of your inability to access or use the site at any time, nor for any failure to complete any transaction. We do not warrant that the site is free from computer viruses or other properties that may cause loss or damage. We do not accept any liability for any losses or claims arising from the downloading of viruses, or from the loss, corruption or other adverse effects to material that is downloaded or to any programs or data already on your own computer, nor for any web site browser incompatibility problems. We accept no liability for breaches of security arising out of intentional and/or unauthorised attempts to access this site, for example, by computer hackers. We accept no responsibility for any material supplied for this site by independent contributors. The inclusion of any links on this site does not imply that we endorse or accept any responsibility for the linked site, its content or its provider. Access to a linked site will be subject to that site's own terms and conditions, to which you must refer. We reserve the right to change or update these Web Site Conditions from time to time without prior notice to site users. The current version of the Web Site Conditions will be displayed on this web site from the date on which any changes come into effect. Continued use of this web site following any changes to the conditions of use shall constitute your acceptance of such changes. The holidays and prices advertised on this web site are not 'live'. Although prices and availability of holidays are updated very regularly, holidays are subject to availability and prices can change at any time. When you make a search on our web site for a specific holiday, our web site will then check the live availability and the current price with the tour operator’s reservations system, therefore please allow for changes to occur before your final price is confirmed. We may change any of the content of this web site at any time without notice and without liability to you, including adding or removing discounts, offers, holidays, or other features or services. We take all reasonable steps to ensure that all information on this web site is accurate but cannot guarantee that this web site is free of any errors. If any price shown on this web site is obviously a mistake (i.e. is so low that any person, acting reasonably, would realise that it cannot be an accurate price), then any booking made based on such price will not be valid and we will be entitled to cancel any such booking and to provide you with a full refund. The prices and discounts shown on this site are applicable to bookings made via this site only and may vary from prices available via any other booking channels. Air Passenger Duty is included in the prices shown but you may have to pay extra taxes and charges, such as arrival or departure taxes in resort, and you must therefore read carefully the booking conditions and the Holiday Information contained on this site. The rating shown for accommodation is the tour operator’s own rating, it may be different from the official local rating, and is intended as a guide for comparison purposes only. Where we use video footage on this site, we endeavour to keep it as up-to-date as possible, but we accept no liability for any changes which may occur between the time of filming and the time you come to view the footage. The images and other information contained on this site do not form part of any holiday contract which you may subsequently enter into. No guarantee is given that any of the facilities or services featured in the video footage will be available when you travel. Certain services and facilities such as watersports, air conditioning, etc. that are featured on this site may be withdrawn at any time or may only be provided if you pay an additional charge. Specific facilities, services should be checked at time of booking. We reserve the copyright and all proprietary rights in this web site and all its content. All intellectual property rights (including, without limitation, copyright and rights in and to databases and trade marks) subsisting in this site and its content, and in the software and source materials used in connection with it, are owned by us or by our parent or affiliate companies or by our licensors. The trading names and any other marks, logos and graphics displayed on this web site are registered trade marks and you are not granted any right or licence to use them.Pricing Terms & ConditionsThe holidays and flight prices you may have seen on this website are not live. Although prices and availability are updated very regularly, holidays and flights are subject to availability and prices can change at any time. When you make a search on this website for a specific holiday or flight, this website will then check the live availability and price on the Neilson reservation system, therefore please allow for changes to occur before your final price is confirmed. Homepage pricing includes all applicable online discounts. Neilson may apply fuel supplements to the price of holidays and travel arrangements due to increases in fuel costs. Where applicable, these additional charges are included in advertised prices but will be shown separately on your holiday price summary.Payment MethodsWe accept the following payment cards; Maestro, Delta, Solo, Visa and Mastercard. Holiday PricesPrices are quoted per person and per booking and are based on the number of adults sharing as stated. Accommodation supplements are determined by the date the accommodation is occupied and not the departure date (unless otherwise stated). All prices shown are correct at the time of enquiry, but Neilson reserve the right to change prices; prices can go up or down. When you check the latest holiday price on this website or with a Holiday Advisor, you will be advised of the basic holiday price including any additional costs associated with your choice of flight (such as, the departure point, day and time of flight or seasonality of your flight). The only supplements you are likely to see when you book that relate to your choice of flight will be for extra leg room seats, or other optional services (such as seat selection).Local ChargesAt some accommodation certain amenities may carry a local charge. Unless Neilson have stated that a service or facility is ‘free’ in their accommodation descriptions or included services/facilities in an all inclusive package, you may be asked to pay a charge. Here are a few examples of what you might expect to pay for locally, but always check first as there may be others.
Daily car parking charge at some hotels/apartments.
Entertainment and activities away from your accommodation.
Highchairs, cots, hotel run Children’s Clubs and meals for infants.
Meals and beverages from certain restaurants and bars at your accommodation.
Certain premium drink brands or à la carte meal options and the use of certain eateries and bars at All-Inclusive hotels.
Safety deposit facilities, room service, mini-bar, TV/ satellite TV, telephone calls, air conditioning and sea views.
Facilities and equipment such as pool towels, sun loungers, whirlpools, indoor pools, sauna, table tennis, billiards and darts and other sporting equipment.Official Ratings and Tour Operator RatingsNeilson have their own ratings for when they assess accommodation unless otherwise stated. The rating's that are shown on this website are Neilson’s own ratings and are an attempt to give a guide to the overall quality of property. These universal ratings are usually based on the views taken from customer feedback and of senior managers in both the UK and overseas. Where applicable, official ratings are given by the authorities in the country and do tend to give a fair impression of relative standards within that country. Please be aware that different countries have different rating standards; therefore a 3-star hotel in one country may not be the equivalent to a 3-star hotel in another.SurchargesPrice increases after bookingNeilson reserve the right to surcharge - please refer to the Neilson Booking Conditions for details.Contact us0333 014 3351For Sales, availability and queries on existing bookingsMonday to Friday:  9am - 5:30pm
Saturday:  9am - 5pm
Sundays: ClosedExisting bookingsManage my bookingWhere are my tickets?Special requirementsHoliday ExtrasFamiliesKids' clubsWhat is the cut off age for child prices?Can I book interconnecting rooms?Travelling with childrenTravellingWhat is my luggage allowance?Special assistanceCan I pre book flight seatsBeachclub activitiesWhat activities are included?Is private tuition available?Can I book water skiing lessons?Are beach towels provided?Ski & board holidaysCan I book ski & snowboard carriage?How do I buy lift passes?Are helmets included?Sailing holidaysWhat qualifications do I need?What provisions are provided?Is marine insurance included?Accommodation & facilitiesAre beach towels provided?Food & drinkWhat room types are available?FooterPrivacy policy & cookies Website conditionsAgent booking siteForeign travel adviceBrochureReviewsThis website is operated by Neilson Retail Ltd acting as an agent for Neilson Active Holidays Ltd, trading as Neilson (ATOL 10794, ABTA Y6127). More information is available on the booking conditions page.Want our latest and greatest?Get our newsletter. Enter your email.
We've updated our Privacy and Cookie Policy
This site uses cookies to personalise content and analyse traffic, we've made some important changes to our Privacy and Cookie Policy and we want you to know what this means for you and your data
Find out more here
Find out moreClose!