https://www.bicycleboulevard.com/about/our-policies-pg52.htm
Skip to main content
*IN-STORE PICKUP
Most orders will be ready within one business day. Please keep in mind that some items may require additional processing time to transfer from off-site locations. Other items may require additional processing time for assembly. We will call or email you once your order is ready for pickup. If you need an item right away we ask that you call us to confirm that the product is available before heading over to our store. Unless special arrangements are made in advance, orders need to be picked up within 15 days or a 10% restocking fee will be charged.
INFORMATION SECURITY
We protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts all of the information you provide to us and prevents outside parties from being able to "see" your transaction information. When your account information is displayed on your screen, we only display the last five digits of your credit card numbers. You also have the choice of whether or not to save credit card information with us in your Online Account.
BACKORDERS
Occasionally, some items are unexpectedly out of stock or unavailable and may be backordered. If this should occur, we will only bill your credit card for merchandise that is actually shipped. The total shipping charge for orders split into multiple shipments will not exceed the amount quoted on original order.
RETURNS
If there’s a problem with something you purchased from us, you can either bring it to our store or ship it back. Ship returns via Ground UPS or insured US Mail (we do not accept CODs). We will refund shipping costs on damaged or incorrect merchandise. Merchandise returned that appears used will be subject to a restocking fee. (Labor fees are not refundable, i.e., custom built wheels.)
Returns over $100 must have a return authorization number clearly marked on the outside of the package or the item will be refused. A return authorization number can be obtained by phone or e-mail.
PRICES AND INFORMATION
This website is intended to help you. We make every effort to maintain current, accurate prices in our on-line catalog. And we strive for similar accuracy and timeliness with the other information we offer here. We appreciate your understanding should any of the prices or other information provided be incorrect and regret any inconvenience such mistakes may create. Please bring any errors you may find to our attention on your next visit or by calling or sending us an e-mail.