https://www.napervillegymnastics.com/privacy_policy/
Updated: February 8th 2017
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment to Privacy
Our Privacy Policy was developed as an extension of our commitment to combine high quality products and services with the highest level of integrity in dealing with our clients. The Policy is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect, use and safeguard the personal information you provide to us and to assist you in making informed decisions when using our site and our products and services. This statement will be continuously assessed against new technologies, business practices and our customers needs.
What Information Do We Collect?
When you visit our Web Site and/or use the iClass Pro Parent Portal, you may provide us with two types of information: personal information you knowingly choose to disclose that is collected on an individual basis and Web Site use information collected on an aggregate basis as you and others browse our Web Site.
Personal Information You Choose to Provide
Credit Card Information
When you choose to join our program, register for our classes, events, programs or purchase a party package using the iClass Pro Parent Portal or your main account, you will need to give personal information and authorization to obtain information from various credit services. For example, you may need to provide the following information:
Name
Mailing address
Email address
Credit card number
Cellular, home and or business phone numbers & additional emergency contact information
Children/participant/athlete information such as birthdate, medical history and contact detail.
Email Information
In addition to providing the foregoing information to our partners, if you choose to correspond further with us through email, you will be added to our contact list to receive pertinent information including special offers, registration/session dates, closings, special events, new programs, etc. We provide the same protections for these electronic communications that we employ in the maintenance of information received by mail and telephone.
Web Site Use Information
Similar to most commercial Web Sites and/or applications, our site utilizes a standard technology called cookies (see explanation below, What Are Cookies?) and Web server logs to collect information about how our Web Site and/or the iClassPro Application is used. Information gathered through cookies and Web server logs may include your current IP address, the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, time spent at our Web site, and the Web sites visited just before and just after our Web site. This information is collected on an aggregate basis. None of this information is associated with you as an individual.
How Do We Use the Information That You Provide to Us?
Broadly speaking, we use personal information for purposes of administering our business activities, providing customer service and making available other products and services to our customers and prospective customers. Occasionally, we may also use the information we collect to notify you about important changes to our website, new services and special offers we think you will find valuable. The lists used to send you product and service offers are developed and managed under our traditional corporate standards designed to safeguard the security and privacy of our customers personal information. As a customer, you will be given the opportunity, at least once annually, to notify us of your desire not to receive these offers.
What Are Cookies?
Cookies are a feature of Web browser software that allows Web servers to recognize the computer used to access a Web site. Cookies are small pieces of data that are stored by a users Web browser on the users hard drive. Cookies can remember what information a user accesses on one Web page to simplify subsequent interactions with that Web site by the same user or to use the information to streamline the users transactions on related Web pages. This makes it easier for a user to move from Web page to Web page and to complete commercial transactions over the Internet. Cookies should make your online experience easier and more personalized.
Sharing Information with Affiliates
From time to time you may notice offers from outside companies advertised on our Web site. We take measures to select product or service providers that are responsible and afford privacy protections to their customers. However, we cannot make any representations about the practices and policies of these companies.
Sharing Information with Strategic Partners
Naperville Gymnastics does NOT conduct practices of sharing your personal and or family information with ANY outside parties. It is strictly for use on as as needed basis for our coaching staff and employees.
How Do We Secure Information Transmissions?
When you send confidential personal credit card information to us on our Web site, a secure server software which we have licensed encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us. The information is scrambled en route and decoded once it reaches our registration software site, I class pro. We ask that you do not send any personal or confidential information such as social security numbers, credit card information etc.. through any unsecured email addresses unless personally requested via phone or in person and with request to separate your information between email, messaging, voicemail etc..
How Do We Protect Your Information?
Information Security.
We utilize encryption/security software to safeguard the confidentiality of personal information we collect from unauthorized access or disclosure and accidental loss, alteration or destruction.
Evaluation of Information Protection Practices.
Periodically, our operations and business practices are reviewed for compliance with corporate policies and procedures governing the security, confidentiality and quality of our information.
Employee Access, Training and Expectations.
Our corporate values, ethical standards, policies and practices are committed to the protection of customer information. In general, our business practices limit employee access to confidential information, and limit the use and disclosure of such information to authorized persons, processes and transactions.
How Can You Access and Correct Your Information?
You may request access to all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain in our database by emailing us at info@napervillegymnastics.com.
Do We Disclose Information to Outside Parties?
We may provide aggregate information about our customers, sales, Web site traffic patterns and related Web site information to our affiliates or reputable third parties, but this information will not include personally identifying data, except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, but never our clients personal information.
What About Legally Compelled Disclosure of Information?
We may disclose information when legally compelled to do so, in other words, when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or for the protection of our legal rights.
What About Other Web Sites Linked to Our Web Site?
We are not responsible for the practices employed by Web sites linked to or from our Web Site nor the information or content contained therein. Often links to other Web sites are provided solely as pointers to information on topics that may be useful to the users of our site.
Please remember that when you use a link to go from our Web Site and/or the iClassPro Application to another Web site, our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. Your browsing and interaction on any other Web site, including Web sites which have a link on our Web site, is subject to that Web sites own rules and policies. Please read over those rules and policies before proceeding.
Your Consent
By using our Web Site and/or the iClassPro registration software you consent to our collection and use of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. If we change our privacy policies and procedures, we will post those changes on our Web site to keep you aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we may disclose it.
Questions and Suggestions?
If you have questions regarding this policy or your personal information please direct them to Owner/President Keith Carter at info@napervillegymnastics.com
Follow us on Instagram!
LIKE US ON FACEBOOK @ naperville gymnastics club and dance academy
REGISTER ONLINE TO SAVE $10 ON CLASS TUITION (SIBLING DISCOUNTS ALSO APPLY)Terms & Conditions    Privacy Policy
COMING EVENTS:
Sat
12
Saturday Open Gym Starting JULY 11th
December 12 @ 6:00 pm - 8:00 pm
Sun
13
Sunday Open Gym Beginning July 5th
December 13 @ 5:30 pm - 7:30 pm
Sat
19
Saturday Open Gym Starting JULY 11th
December 19 @ 6:00 pm - 8:00 pm
Sun
20
Sunday Open Gym Beginning July 5th
December 20 @ 5:30 pm - 7:30 pm
Sat
26
Saturday Open Gym Starting JULY 11th
December 26 @ 6:00 pm - 8:00 pm
Sun
27
Sunday Open Gym Beginning July 5th
December 27 @ 5:30 pm - 7:30 pm
View More
Gymnastics for All!
Flipr Invitational
2020 event HOODIE
ADMISSION & PARKING
SESSION SCHEDULE
RESULTS
2020 results!
TEAMS AND SPONSORS
Kids Camp
Schools Out Kids Camp
Summer Camp
Birthday Parties
Early Registration Form
Athletes of the Month
ACHIEVE Physical Therapy
Pro Shop
About Company
Employment Opportunities
Contact
Liability Waiver
!-- End Referrizer Widget -->