http://www.snookerusa.com/websiteinformation/privacy
» Sitemap
» Terms
» Privacy
Thursday, December 10, 2020.
9:56pm PT/USA
Privacy
The United States Snooker Association welcomes you to its website, SnookerUSA.com. We respect the
privacy of every individual who visits the website and every individual who contacts us. We set
out below what information we learn about you when you visit the website, what we do with that
information, and how you can change the information we have.
What information do we collect and how do we use it?
When you visit the website, we recognize only your IP address and not your e-mail address. We
will see your e-mail address only if you fill out the online contact form, send us an e-mail
message or send us your email address.
If you provide personally identifiable information about yourself such as your name, address,
telephone number ("Personal Information") by completing an online contact form, by e-mailing us
or otherwise by voluntarily telling us about yourself or your activities, we will collect and
retain that Personal Information.
If you complete the online contact form or send us an email we will use the Personal Information
to provide the information you have requested or other information that we believe will be of
interest to you. If you have asked us to contact you with advice or information, we will use your
Personal Information to contact you in the manner (if any) specified on the online contact form
or communication from you.
Occasionally we may use your Personal Information we may notify you about important changes to
the website, new services we will be providing, events or articles or other information we
think will be of interest to you. We may also use the Personal Information for marketing
purposes and market research. This will help us improve our services and the content of the
website.
If you do not want to receive information from us as described above or wish us to delete or
amend Personal Information you have submitted through the Website please use the online contact
form to contact us.
Non-Personally-Identifiable Information collected automatically.
We may collect information about you that is not personally identifiable, such as the type of
internet browser and operating system you use, or the domain name of the website or the
advertisement from which you linked to the website.
When you visit our website, we automatically log your IP address. This is the unique address
that identifies your computer on the internet and which is automatically recognized by our web
server. We use IP addresses to help us administer the website and to collect data for broad
research use.
The website does NOT utilize "cookies" technology to track activities on the site.
Disclosure.
We do and will not sell, trade or rent Personal Information to third parties.
We cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of other websites even if you
access those using links from our website. Therefore we recommend you check the policy of each
website that you visit.
Consent.
By using the website you consent to our collection and use of your Personal Information as
stated above. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post a notice to that effect on
the website and such change will be effective from the date on which that notice is posted.
Our website may contain chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups for to our users
or Members only. Any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and
you should always be careful when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Effect.
In the event of any inconsistency between the Terms and Conditions of this document and the
website Terms and Conditions of Use, the Terms and Conditions of Use shall prevail.
Membership Application
Support the promotion and development of the sport of snooker in the United States by becoming a member of the United States Snooker Association (USSA).
International Billiards & Snooker Federation (IBSF)
The governing body for non-professional snooker and English billiards in the world
American CueSports (ACS)
An organization to heighten the interest and awareness of cuesports through the support and sanctioning of competition throughout the United States and North America
Content © 2000-2020 United States Snooker Association. All Rights Reserved.
United States Snooker Association (USSA) Inc.,  2573 Buena Vista Way,  Berkeley  CA  94708
Incorporated in the state of California. &numero 2757945