http://www.tandem-bicycle-central.com/privacy-notice.html
Privacy Notice
We recognize that your privacy is important. This privacy notice outlines the types of personal information we receive and collect when you use Tandem-bicycle-central.com, as well as some of the steps we take to safeguard information. We hope this will help you make an informed decision about sharing personal information with us.
Tandem-bicycle-central.com strives to maintain the highest standards of decency, fairness and integrity in all our operations. Likewise, we are dedicated to protecting our customers', consumers' and online visitors' privacy on our website.
Personal Information
Tandem-bicycle-central.com collects personally identifiable information from the visitors to our website only on a voluntary basis. Personal information collected on a voluntary basis may include name, postal address, email address, company name and telephone number.
This information is collected if you request information from us, participate in a contest or sweepstakes, and signup to join our email list or request some other service or information from us. The information collected is internally reviewed, used to improve the content of our website, notify our visitors of updates, and respond to visitor inquiries.
Once information is reviewed, it is discarded or stored in our files. If we make material changes in the collection of personally identifiable information we will inform you by placing a notice on our site. Personal information received from any visitor will be used only for internal purposes and will not be sold or provided to third parties.
Use of Cookies and Web Beacons
We may use cookies to help you personalize your online experience. Cookies are identifiers that are transferred to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize the sites pages, or register with any of our site's services, a cookie enables tandem-bicycle-central.com to recall your specific information on subsequent visits.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies by modifying your Web browser; however, if you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the site. Third party vendors use cookies to serve ads on this site. The use of the DART cookie enables some vendors to serve ads to you based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy here
A web beacon is a transparent image file used to monitor your journey around a single website or collection of sites. They are also referred to as web bugs and are commonly used by sites that hire third-party services to monitor traffic. They may be used in association with cookies to understand how visitors interact with the pages and content on the pages of a web site.
Table of Contents
How to ride a tandem information
Get some basic tips on learning to ride a tandem bicycle before you buy one.Bicycle gift
Looking for that special bicycle gift for the favorite cyclist in your life?
See the collection of great bicycle gifts here.Bicycle maintenance for your tandem and single bikes
Keeping your bicycle in top shape is important. Your diligent bicycle maintenance will keep easily preventable breakdowns to a minimum. Don't skimp, learn how to do it here and save money in the long run.Great information on bicycle bags
Check out the information about selecting the right bicycle bags for your bike. Panniers and rack trunks as well as handlebar bags are discussedThe correct tandem bicycle wheels can be a big decision
Tandem bicycle wheels aren't just any wheel.
Learn what you need to knowModern bicycle brakes demystified
Bicycle brakes explained. Learn about the major types of brakes on a modern bike.A tandem recumbent bicycle is really a breed apart.
Learn about a tandem recumbent bicycle hereThe bicycle seat post might be overlooked, don't!
A bicycle seat post with a suspension could really smooth out the ride. Telescoping, thudbuster, softride all reviewed.Suggestions for new content
Please use this page to submit site content suggestionsA trailer cycle could be the perfect alternative
A trailer cycle offers the stability of a trailer with the pedaling of a bicycleGood bicycle lights will show you the way.
Having the right bicycle lights can help you find your way. Be safe, be seen with good bicycle lightingUsed Tandem Bicycles
Find useful information on buying used tandem bicycles. See bikes currently offered for sale.The best bicycle disc brakes are available for your single bike or tandem right now.
Bicycle disc brakes have come a long way in 30 years. See what is out there for your single bike or tandem!Travel with your bike, it opens a whole new world!
Travel with your bike can be easy and fun. Take your tandem or your single bike with you. It really beats a bus or car.Bicycle Search Page
Bicycle Search PageA comfortable bicycle seat can make your riding much more fun.
A comfortable bicycle seat doesn't mean the same to everyone. See the differences and types explained as well as how to adjust your seat for maximum comfort.Bicycle shoes get the power to the pedals
Without good bicycle shoes you could be just spinning your wheels.bicycle luggage rack
A bicycle luggage rack will help you safely carry things on your tandem. Attach your rack trunk to the best rack for the jobBeautiful bicycle prints to decorate your home
Beautiful bicycle prints are a great way to show off your love of cycling.The best bicycle ornament to dress up your tree is right here.
Pick the perfect bicycle ornament to give your holiday tree that special somethingA bicycle necklace will show your distinctive love of cycling
Find the perfect bicycle necklace for your favorite cyclistBicycle Bracelet. Cycling Jewely
Find the perfect bicycle bracelet for your favorite cyclistBicycle earrings are fun and fashionable
Find the perfect bicycle earrings for your favorite cyclistAbout the Captain and Stoker
Here's a page about the Captain and Stoker of this siteBicycle Mirror
The proper bicycle mirror can elimiate dangerous blind spots beside and behind your bicycle.
Find out which mirror is right for you.Bicycle Helmets
A bicycle helmet can save your life, choose the right one. Learn about the laws regarding bicycle helmets.Bicycle Tires explained
A comprehensive look at bicycle tires for all kinds of bikes.
Tandems, mountain, road and more.Stylish bicycle bracelets and cycling jewelry for every cyclist.
Find the perfect bicycle bracelets for your favorite cyclistBicycle trailer
Child bicycle trailer.
Take you younger kids who aren't old enough to ride on their own.
See detailed photos of a bicycle trailer up close.Use a bicycle travel case to travel with your tandem.
Want to take your bike with you on your trip.
A bicycle travel case can be the answer.Bicycle Built for Two
Looking for a bicycle built for two?
The standard tandem may be in your future.
Find out here.A bicycle rack can get your tandem there and back
A bicycle rack that is designed for a tandem can make things much easier.
Choose the best one for your needs.Quadricycle
Looking for a four wheel bicycle or quadricycle, try this for your short hops around town.
Easy on gas for sure!Proper bicycle storage is key!
Learn about bicycle covers, storage devices
Correct bicycle storage can prevent damage and keep your investment in top shapeKeep your core warm while biking this winter
Protect your core with proper layering this winter cycling seasonLeg warmers or knee warmers make a difference
Leg warmers and knee warmers can help keep you comfortable.
Don't under estimate their value.Cycling Headwear can make you feel great
Use cycling headwear to keep you comfortableWhat does a tandem captain do?
Pick up on the do's and don't of being a tandem captainA tandem roof rack will make loading your bike easy
A great tandem roof rack makes loading your bike so much easier.
One person can do it easilyTandem stoker, what are you doing back there?
Take a look and see what is expected of you as the tandem stoker.Tandem Bicycle Accessories
Great place to find tandem bicycle accessories.
Outfit your tandem with the accessories you need.Tandem Photos - show off your tandem
Show the world your tandem photosRecumbent Tandem Bicycle
Post a photo of your recumbent tandem bicycle.
Browse for cycling products, get advice on good outerwear, tires and more at Tandem Bicycle Central.comHitch Rack
A hitch rack can be a good way to carry your tandem if you don't want to use a roof rack.
Search this site
What's your passion?
Why not share that passion with other people? The company we use to get our message out about tandem bicycles has wonderful tools and support.
Unlike many web hosting companies, SBI goes beyond just "putting up a site" and shows you how to run it like a real business.
With comprehensive research tools, unbelievable instruction on how to make the most of your ideas and better than you can believe support they are the right answer to help you share your passion, no matter what it is, with the world.
Click here to get more information about SBI and how they can help you.
We are in the process of re-designing our site. Please bear with us as we put up pages in the new design.
Link Section
Home
Online Store
Enter Store
Recent News
Latest Tandem News
Tandem Types
Tandem Test
Best Tandem Bicycles
Bicycle for Two
3 Seat Tandem
Used Tandem
3 Wheel Bike
4 Wheel Bike
Learning Center
Learn to Ride
Travel Accessories Maintenance
Seats
Tires Tools Racks
Trailers
Trail-a-bikes Clothing Brakes Power Meter Computers
Bicycle Trainers
Paint your bicycle Powder coating your bicycle
Gifts and Art Bicycle Gifts Bicycle Art Submitted Tandem Photos Post your Pics
Child Stokers
Racing Tandem Pics
Mtn Tandem Pics
Triple Pics
Quads & Up Pics
Recumbent Tandem Pics Links and Info
Search
Your Suggestions About Us
Privacy Policy
Related Sites
Enjoy This Site?
Then why not use the button below, to add us to your favorite bookmarking service?
| Homepage |
Return to top
Template Design
Copyright© 2008-2009 Tandem Bicycle Central.com.