http://www.voutesales.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy | Voute Sales
ted@voutesales.com+44 (0)7836 671 571MenuHomeServicesBloodstock AgentConsultancyStud FarmSales ConsignmentsAbout UsBlogContact Us
Privacy Policy
We use cookies in more or less the same way as any other website…
Cookies are small files that are put onto your device when you visit websites like ours. We use cookies in order to collect information that helps us improve your user experience.
The cookies we use are not used identify you personally.
We will not sell your information to any third parties.
If you don’t want cookies, you don’t have to have them! Here’s how to disable cookies in Chrome. You can also use free third-party programs like Spybot to block cookies.
If you do block cookies, some elements of our site might not work so well.
We use cookies to do the following:
Keep track of what’s in your shopping basket
Remember your orders and enquiries
Remember if you are logged in (or not)
Offer live chat support
See which of our pages you visit
Enable retargeting adverts
Allow you to share our pages through social networks such as Facebook
Allow you to share pages through Add This
By continuing to use our website, you agree to our cookie policy.
Your Privacy
We collect personal data when you use this website. Some of the personal data is freely provided by users, whilst some of it is collected automatically.
The data that we collect includes the following:
Usage data
Email address
First name
Last name
Phone number
Company name
IP address
We use this data to do the following:
Improve our website by analysing user behaviour
Contact our users
Interact with our users on external social networks and platforms
If any other data collection occurs, it will be described at that point. We are not responsible for any third-party data submitted by users.
How and where your data is stored
We use and store your data according to the GDPR and take reasonable security measures to prevent your data being accessed by unauthorised individuals.
Your data will be stored on our Data Processors’ secure servers. Your data may also be accessed by employees while they are not in Europe.
Keeping your data safe
The internet is not 100% free from security risks. While we take security very seriously and train our staff on how to protect user data, we cannot guarantee that your data is secure. Any data that is sent to us is done at the user’s own risk.
Any payments made through this website, however, will be encrypted.
Your data and the government
We may be legally obligated to hand over your data to public authorities.
Your rights
You have the right to ask us what information we are storing about you, as well as to ask to be forgotten (have your data erased). Any requests to do so should be sent to ted@voutesales.com. We will comply with all requests within 1 month.
Links to other websites
This privacy policy only applies to this website. You should be aware that although we link to third-party websites, they have separate privacy policies unaffected by our own. If you come to our website via a link from a third party website, they may also send us personal information about you.
Changes to our privacy policy
We reserve the right to change our privacy policy at any time. Changes will be listed here and you are advised to check this page often for updates. If you do not approve of a change to our privacy policy, you should stop using our website immediately.
By continuing to use our website and freely submitting your data to us, you agree to our privacy policy.
Useful Links
About Us
Contact Us
Blog
FacebookTwitterLinkedInInstagramOur Services
Bloodstock Agent
Consultancy
Stud Farm
Sales Consignments
Contact Details
ted@voutesales.com
+44 (0) 1789 751222
Address
The Court House,
Lower Binton,
Stratford-upon-Avon
CV37 9TQ
Contact Us to Discuss Your Requirements
Name*Phone*Email*
All rights reserved © 2020 | Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy | Website Design and Digital Marketing by Exposure Ninja.
Menu
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.