http://www.nymatc.com/privacy-policy
Programs
Kids Martial Arts
Adult Martial Arts
Fitness Kickboxing
Birthday Parties
Hyper Fight Club
Hyper Training
Hyper Training
Hyper Fight Club
Reviews
Instructors
Blog
Contact Us
Reserve Your First Class
The Martial Arts Training Center
1959 Deer Park Ave., Deer Park, New York 11729
631-242-0586
sifu316@cs.com
Privacy Policy | The Martial Arts Training Center
Information Collected
The Martial Arts Training Center
may collect information, such as your e-mail address, name and phone number.
Information about your computer hardware and software also may be automatically collected. This information can include your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used by The Martial Arts Training Center for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of our website.
Use Of Your Information
We collect and use your personal information to operate our website and deliver the services you have requested. We will send one welcome email following registration to all registered patrons. We also send periodical service updates to users.
We do not sell, rent, or lease our customer lists to third parties.
Contact Information
The Martial Arts Training Center welcomes your comments. If you would like to stop receiving messages from us, please contact us at sifu316@cs.com.
Request information now!
Our Programs
The Best Martial Arts And Fitness Training In Deer Park, Dix Hills, & Beyond!
Request information
Great instructors, wonderful family environment. From what I've heard talking to other moms, this school costs a little more than others in the area. But you get what you pay for -- best-in-class expert instruction in a variety of martial arts styles, an abundance of choices in classes to accommodate your schedule, and senseis who truly care about your children. My daughter has been going since she was 4 and I can't wait to start my son!
Krav Maga challenge has been awesone and I don't want it to end. All the teachers have been great; Charles, Andrew, Sarah, and Zack!! The most challenging workouts I have ever done and the most rewarding!
We love this place! My son has been going for over a year and is always excited to go to class. Great staff, great education and a nurturing and caring environment!
Request Information Now!