https://www.liveabout.com/definitions-for-common-squash-terms-2835406
Share
PINTEREST
Email
Print
Andersen Ross/The Image Bank/Getty Images
Sports & Athletics
Other Activities
Cigars
Collecting
Baseball
Basketball
Bicycling
Billiards
Bodybuilding
Bowling
Boxing
Car Racing
Cheerleading
Cricket
Extreme Sports
Football
Golf
Gymnastics
Ice Hockey
Martial Arts
Professional Wrestling
Skateboarding
Skating
Paintball
Soccer
Swimming & Diving
Table Tennis
Tennis
Track & Field
Volleyball
Learn More
By
Stephen Hufford
Updated February 11, 2019
Squash has a whole vocabulary of its own. Here are the most common terms and phrases you need to know in order to clearly communicate with other squash players.
Essential Squash Terms
american scoring - also called point-a-rally scoring, in which both the server and the receiver can score a point during a rally.
boast - a shot hit to the near sidewall before it hits the front wall.
carry - a ball that is not hit cleanly on the racquet; it touches the strings throughout the stroke.
counterdrop - a drop shot hit off of a preceding drop shot. Also called a re-drop.
crosscourt - a ball that goes to the opposite side of the court after striking the front wall.
doublehit - a ball that contacts the strings more than once during a stroke. Somewhat similar to a carry.
drive - a typical groundstroke, usually hit for good length.
drop - a shot hit short, usually not too high above the tin.
game - usually won by the first player to earn 9 points. Sometimes games are to 11 or 15 points, depending on the scoring system.
get - a difficult retrieval of an opponent's shot. Often heard in the complimentary phrase 'nice get.'
hot ball - when the squash ball has physically warmed up from being struck. It is bouncier in this state.
international scoring - only the server can score points in this system. Games are usually to 9 points.
kill - a hard-hit shot that ends a point definitively.
length - refers to hitting the ball into the back portion of the court so as to move the opponent back. That is good length.
let - a determination to replay a point in its entirety.
lob - a ball hit so that it travels high in the air after hitting the front wall.
nick - a ball that hits the crack between the floor and a wall once it bounces off the front wall. This is usually a winner.
no let - a determination that no obstruction or interference has occurred, and that a point should not be replayed.
rail - a ball hit for good length along a side wall.
re-drop - a drop shot hit off of a preceding drop shot. Also called a counterdrop.
return - this is the shot that comes after the serve. Also called a serve return.
reverse - a ball hit into the opposite side wall before it reaches the front wall.
serve - this shot begins every squash point.
service box - a square area marked on the court floor. It defines where the server must stand while serving.
short line - a line crossing the full width of the court floor. It marks the front of the service boxes.
stroke - a determination that interference has occurred and warrants awarding the rally to the interfered player.
the T - an area on the floor of the court where the short line intersects with the halfcourt line. It's often a good location from which a player can reach the opponent's next shot.
the tin - a barrier across the lower part of the front wall. All shots must contact the front wall above this barrier to be good.
volley - a ball struck in the air, before it bounces on the floor.
What is a "Let" in Ping-Pong?
Understanding a Back Row Attack in Volleyball
Learn the Definition of Ping-Pong Game Terms
What You Should Never Do With Your Free Hand During a Ping-Pong Match
Simple Drills for Table Tennis / Ping-Pong
Etiquette for Your First Round of Golf
A Typology of Tennis Shots
Is Your Serve Allowed to Bounce Twice on Your Opponent's Court?
How to Make a Good Serve When Playing Squash
Important Olympic Rules and Laws for Table Tennis
The Best Ping-Pong Serve
How to Serve Legally in Table Tennis / Ping-Pong
How to Beat These Four Common Types of Tennis Opponents
Let Serve in Volleyball
The Backhand Sidespin Serve
Volley Drills and Games