https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au/health/conditionsandtreatments/hendra-virus
Site Navigation
Page Content
Menu
Caret
Health.vic
Victoria's hub for health services and business
DHHS
A gateway to the strategies, policies, programs and services delivered by the Department of Health & Human Services.
Seniors Online
Victorian government portal for older people, with information about government and community services and programs.
Show search toolbar
Contrast
Sign Up
Login
Search
Type a minimum of three characters then press UP or DOWN on the keyboard to navigate the autocompleted search results
Navigation
Home
Close Menu
Conditions and treatments
Conditions and treatments
Allergies
Allergies
Allergic reaction to packaged food
Anxiety
Arthritis
Asthma
Behavioural conditions
Birth defects
Blood and blood vessels
Bones muscles and joints
Bones muscles and joints
Foot care - podiatrists
Brain and nerves
Cancer
Complementary and alternative care
Dementia
Healthy living
Healthy living
Alcohol
Babies and toddlers (0-3)
Child health (0-6)
Children (4-12)
Drugs and addictive behaviours
Environmental health
Family Violence
Older people in hospital – Get well soon
Health checks
Healthy Eating
Healthy Eating
Nutrition for life
Mens nutrition for life
Healthy mind
Healthy pregnancy
Services and support
Services and support
Aged care services
Alcohol and drug services
LGBTI support
Carers, caring and respite care services
Child, family and relationship services
Disability services
Emergency, crisis and support services
End of life and palliative care services
genetic services and support
Hospitals, surgery and procedures
Mental health services
Planning and coordinating healthcare
A-Z
A-Z
Conditions and treatments
Healthy living
Services and support
Videos
Service profiles
Blog
Blog
Blog authors
Topics
Podcast
Podcast
Influenza - Dr Brett Sutton & Prof Kanta Subbarao
Trauma - Anne Leadbeater OAM & Dr Rob Gordon
template
Other sites
Health.vic
DHHS
Seniors Online
Sitemap
My Health Life
Facebook
Googleplus
Twitter
Youtube
Rss
Conditions and treatments
Healthy living
Services and support
A-Z
Blog
Podcast
Back to
Infections
Home
Conditions and treatments
Infections
Hendra virus
Hendra virus
Share (show more)
Download PDF
Listen (show more)
Listen
More (show more)
Email
Print
Tags:
Infections
Infections - A-Z of infectious diseases
Infections - Animal to human infections
Summary
Hendra virus is a rare disease – the very few reported cases in Australia were in people who had close contact with infected horses.
There is no cure, specific treatment or human vaccine for Hendra virus.
The best defence against Hendra virus is to avoid contact with an infected horse.
Hendra virus is a rare disease that can be passed from an infected horse to a human. This type of illness is called a zoonotic disease. The cases reported in Australia have all been in people who had close contact with infected horses. Without prompt medical treatment, the complications of Hendra virus can be fatal. There is no cure, human vaccine or specific medical treatment for Hendra virus. A vaccine for horses has been available since 2012. The best defence is avoiding contact with an infected horse. If one of your horses gets sick, seek immediate advice from your veterinarian as to whether this could be Hendra virus and see your doctor. Hendra virus is a different disease to equine flu. Equine flu is a highly contagious viral disease that infects horses, but not people.
Hendra virus in Australia
The virus was discovered in 1994 after a Queensland horse trainer and 14 of his horses died. One stable hand was also infected, but recovered. The virus was named Hendra virus after the Brisbane suburb where it first occurred. In 1995, a Mackay farmer and horse breeder was the second recorded death and in 2008, a vet became the third person to die after catching the infection from horses in Queensland. Four people have died in Australia to date.
Symptoms of Hendra virus in horses
In Australia, Hendra virus has occurred in people who had close contact with infected horses. The symptoms in a horse can include:
frothy nasal mucus
high temperature
rapid heart rate
sweating
muscle spasms and twitching
muscle weakness
balance difficulties
rapid deterioration.
Symptoms of Hendra virus in humans
The symptoms of infection in a person can include:
fever
headache
dry cough
sore throat
breathing difficulties
dizziness
unusual sleepiness
confusion.
Complications of Hendra virus
Hendra virus tends to attack either the respiratory system (lungs) or the nervous system (brain). In Australia, fatal complications have included:
septic pneumonia – severe lung infection involving pus, abscesses and destruction of lung tissue
encephalitis – severe brain inflammation and swelling, which can lead to convulsions or coma.
Spread of Hendra virus infection
Hendra virus is not particularly infectious, which means that exposure doesn’t always lead to infection. If infection does occur, the incubation period usually ranges from about five to 16 days, up to 21 days. Evidence has shown that the virus cannot be passed from one person to another.
Scientists believe that the reservoir (host) of the Hendra virus in Australia is the fruit bat (flying fox), which appears to carry the virus without suffering any ill effects, and excretes the virus in its urine. Exactly how it is transmitted from bats to horses is unknown. One theory is that the horse ingests pasture or fruit contaminated with infected bat urine, droppings or saliva. The virus in the horse’s body fluids (including blood, urine, saliva or nasal secretions) can then be transmitted to a person during close contact.
Risk factors for Hendra virus
People at increased risk of infection include:
veterinarians and veterinary assistants
farriers
equine dentists
strappers
feed delivery merchants
horse owners and stud workers.
Diagnosis of Hendra virus
Tests used to diagnose Hendra virus may include:
medical history
lifestyle factors – for example, degree of contact with horses
physical examination
blood tests
biopsy of infected tissue.
People in contact with infected horses
Those people with high exposure to infected horses should see an infectious disease specialist for consideration of post-exposure prophylaxis (although this treatment is currently experimental). High exposure includes coming within five metres of an infected or suspect horse, or contact with blood, body fluids or faeces of infected or suspect horses or with contaminated surfaces.
Treatment for Hendra virus
Currently, there is no cure or specific treatment for Hendra virus. Treatment aims to ease symptoms and reduce the risk of complications while the person recovers. Options may include:
hospital admission and close monitoring
drugs and fluids given intravenously
life support if necessary – for example, mechanical ventilation.
Hendra virus outbreak control
One confirmed case of Hendra virus  in a person is considered an outbreak. If an infection occurs, state and Commonwealth government departments work as a team to locate and control the infection to reduce the risk of transmission. To date, Victoria has not had a single animal or human case of Hendra virus. However, the increased spread of fruit bats to the southern states of Australia has raised concern of a related spread of the virus.
Prevention of Hendra virus
There is currently no vaccine to protect against infection. Good hygiene practices are the best defence. Suggestions include:
Always wash hands with soap and water after handling horses. Dry hands thoroughly.
Don’t put unwashed hands near your eyes, nose or mouth.
Clean used equipment between handling each horse.
Avoid contact with a sick horse, keep it isolated from other horses and seek immediate advice from your veterinarian.
Wear protective equipment such as goggles and gloves if you must come in contact with a sick horse. Wear long sleeves and long trousers with sick horses, or if splashes and splatter of blood or body fluids to clothing is likely (even from a well horse).
Shower and change clothes as soon as possible after any contamination with a horse’s blood or body fluids and put in a normal wash before re-use.
If wearing gloves when in contact with blood, body fluids or faeces, remove and dispose of gloves immediately after contact and wash hands immediately after removing gloves.
Avoid contact with secretions (including blood, urine, saliva or nasal secretions) even when the horse is dead – the virus may still be active.
Refrain from kissing horses on surfaces such as the muzzle and side of the face.
Wash and dry the contaminated area thoroughly with soap and water if you come in contact with secretions. See your doctor.
Veterinarians (or other workers) who must handle a sick horse should wear full protective gear, including face shield, respirator mask, non-permeable overalls, gloves and boots.
Don’t place water or feed troughs for horses under trees or in other areas where bats may roost.
Contact with bats
Evidence suggests that the Hendra virus cannot be passed directly from infected fruit bats to humans. However, it is important to avoid handling fruit bats because of possible infection with Australian bat lyssavirus (ABLV) – a serious disease, closely related to the rabies virus, that can cause fatal encephalitis (brain infection). Bites, scratches or splashes of infected blood, saliva or urine into the eyes, nose, mouth or broken skin can cause infection.
Report a sick or injured bat to the Department of Environment, Land, Water and Planning (DELWP) Customer Service Centre on 136 186 for referral to an authorised wildlife carer. Do not attempt to handle the animal yourself. All bat handlers or carers should be vaccinated with the rabies vaccine to protect against ABLV infection.
Where to get help
Your doctor
Veterinarian
Community health centre
Wildlife service
Communicable Disease Prevention and Control Unit (Public Health Branch), Department of Health and Human Services Victoria Tel. 1300 651 160
References
Hendra virus, 2013, Agriculture Victoria, State Government Victoria.
Hendra virus: fast facts, 2014, Queensland Health.
Hendra virus disease, health.vic, Department of Health and Human Services, State Government Victoria.
Hendra virus, Queensland Government.
Developing the world’s first Hendra vaccine, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation (CSIRO), Australia.
Send us your feedback
Rate this website
Your comments
Questions
Your details
1/4 How would you rate this website?
Excellent
Good
Average
Fair
Poor
Next Submit Now Cancel
Send us your feedback
Rate this website
Your comments
Questions
Your details
Please note that we cannot answer personal medical queries.
If you are looking for health or medical advice we recommend that you:
talk to your doctor or pharmacist
dial triple zero (000) in an emergency
ring NURSE-ON-CALL Tel. 1300 60 60 24.
2/4 Your Comments
Tell us who you are
Select an option
Health consumer
Health professional
Others
Enter your comments below (optional)
Next Submit Now Cancel
Send us your feedback
Rate this website
Your comments
Questions
Your details
3/4 Questions
What are you here to do?
Looking for information on
Improving general health and wellbeing
Better relationships
A specific health condition and its treatment
Children’s health
Food, nutrition and healthy recipes
Medication
Exercise or fitness
Others
Did you find what you were looking for?
Yes
No
Next Submit Now Cancel
Send us your feedback
Rate this website
Your comments
Questions
Your details
4/4 Your details
Postcode
Email Address
Submit Now
Cancel
Send us your feedback
Thank you. Your feedback has been successfully sent.
More information
Infections
The following content is displayed as Tabs. Once you have activated a link navigate to the end of the list to view its associated content. The activated link is defined as Active Tab
Infection explained
Preventing infections
Managing infections
Childhood infections
Animal to human infections
A-Z of infectious disorders
Infection explained
Antibiotic resistant bacteria
Careful prescribing of antibiotics will minimise the emergence of antibiotic resistant strains of bacteria...
Beat the Bite
Beat the Bite is a Victorian government health campaign to highlight awareness of the risk of mosquito-borne diseases in Victoria.
Find resources to be printed and shared along with videos that tell...
Chest infections
A chest infection affects your lungs, either in the larger airways (bronchitis) or in the smaller air sacs (pneumonia)...
Coronavirus (COVID-19) - smoking and e-cigarette use
Stopping smoking has many health benefits, even beyond a link with coronavirus (COVID-19), so it’s always a good time to quit. During this pandemic and as we head into the annual influenza season...
Immunisation history statements for children
By law, parents or guardians must provide an Immunisation History Statement when enrolling children in any childcare service, kindergarten or
primary school in Victoria...
Infection risk - cardiac surgery and mycobacteria
Mycobacterium chimaera is a type of bacterium known as a non-tuberculous mycobacterium (NTM). There is a risk that heater cooler units (HCUs) used in cardiac (heart) surgery may be contaminated with...
Infections – bacterial and viral
Many bacterial infections can be treated with antibiotics, but they are useless against viral infections...
Who provides immunisations in Victoria
Immunisations in Victoria are provided by local councils, GPs and specially qualified nurses in medical clinics and community health services, some Maternal and Child Health nurses, travel clinics and...
Preventing infections
Antibacterial cleaning products
The Western obsession with cleanliness may be partly responsible for the increase in allergic asthma and conditions such as rhinitis...
Beat the Bite! Mosquito-borne disease risk and management (video)
Dr Finn Romanes, public health doctor at Victoria, Department of Health and Human Services explains the department’s program to monitor and manage the risks associated with Mosquitoes. Learn about the...
Coronavirus (COVID-19) - smoking and e-cigarette use
Stopping smoking has many health benefits, even beyond a link with coronavirus (COVID-19), so it’s always a good time to quit. During this pandemic and as we head into the annual influenza season...
Food safety while travelling
Travelling, eating and drinking go together but unfortunately, traveller's diarrhoea and other food-related illnesses can sometimes come along for the ride...
Handwashing - why it's important
Washing your hands with soap and warm water can help prevent the spread of infectious diseases...
Home tattooing
Home tattooing, or getting tattoos overseas, puts you at risk of serious complications that can be debilitating and life-long...
Immunisation history statements for children
By law, parents or guardians must provide an Immunisation History Statement when enrolling children in any childcare service, kindergarten or
primary school in Victoria...
Kissing and your health
While disease-causing bugs can be transferred during a kiss, most won?t cause disease and the risk of serious disease is very small...
Personal hygiene
Good personal hygiene is one of the most effective ways to protect ourselves and others from illness...
Pets – safe handling of reptiles and tropical fish
People in contact with tropical fish and reptiles such as turtles, lizards and snakes may be at risk of infections and illness due to germs (such as bacteria, viruses and parasites) carried on the...
Piercings
If you want to have your body pierced, choose an experienced, registered practitioner to reduce the risks of infection and scarring...
Preventing healthcare associated infection (HAI)
There are things you can do to reduce the chance of getting an infection while you are in hospital...
Quarantine at home - coping tips
You may be asked to quarantine yourself at home if you have developed, or been exposed to, an infectious disease...
Tattoos
If you want to get a tattoo, choose an experienced, registered practitioner to reduce the risks of infection and scarring...
Travel health and safety tips (slideshow)
We all love travelling to new and exotic places, but unfortunately illnesses and unforeseen events can ruin the trip of a lifetime. With a little effort, take a few of these simple precautions to make...
Travel immunisation
If you are travelling overseas, check with your doctor well in advance to find out what immunisations you need...
Vaccines
Vaccines trick the body into building immunity against infectious diseases without causing the actual disease...
Who provides immunisations in Victoria
Immunisations in Victoria are provided by local councils, GPs and specially qualified nurses in medical clinics and community health services, some Maternal and Child Health nurses, travel clinics and...
Workplace safety - infection control
The spread of many pathogens in the workplace can be prevented with regular hand washing...
Managing infections
Antibiotic resistant bacteria
Careful prescribing of antibiotics will minimise the emergence of antibiotic resistant strains of bacteria...
Coronavirus (COVID-19) - smoking and e-cigarette use
Stopping smoking has many health benefits, even beyond a link with coronavirus (COVID-19), so it’s always a good time to quit. During this pandemic and as we head into the annual influenza season...
Handwashing - why it's important
Washing your hands with soap and warm water can help prevent the spread of infectious diseases...
Medicines and side effects
Complementary medicines can interact with pharmaceutical medicines...
Medicines - safety issues
Make sure your doctor knows about every medicine you take, including vitamins...
Preventing healthcare associated infection (HAI)
There are things you can do to reduce the chance of getting an infection while you are in hospital...
Quarantine at home - coping tips
You may be asked to quarantine yourself at home if you have developed, or been exposed to, an infectious disease...
Workplace safety - infection control
The spread of many pathogens in the workplace can be prevented with regular hand washing...
Childhood infections
Beat the Bite
Beat the Bite is a Victorian government health campaign to highlight awareness of the risk of mosquito-borne diseases in Victoria.
Find resources to be printed and shared along with videos that tell...
Boils
Some areas of the body are more susceptible to boils, including the face, throat, armpits, groin and buttocks...
Chickenpox
Chickenpox is highly contagious, but it is generally mild and gets better without the need for special treatment...
Coughing and wheezing in children
Coughing and wheezing in babies can be distressing for you and your baby, but in most cases symptoms can be relieved at home...
Croup
Croup is a viral infection of the throat and windpipe that causes noisy breathing, a hoarse voice and a harsh, barking cough...
Diphtheria
Diphtheria is a serious bacterial disease that causes severe inflammation of the nose, throat and windpipe...
Fever - children
Fever is a way in which the body fights infection. A fever is not dangerous and does not always indicate a serious illness...
Fever - febrile convulsions
A febrile convulsion is a fit that occurs in children when they have a high fever...
Gastroenteritis in children
Gastroenteritis or Gastro can be dangerous for very young babies. Gastro is common in young children and spreads easily. Gastro is a bowel infection which causes diarrhoea (runny or watery poo) and...
Hand, foot and mouth disease
Good personal hygiene is essential to prevent the spread of hand, foot and mouth disease to others, both for those infected and their carers...
Impetigo - school sores
Impetigo, or school sores, is a highly contagious skin infection that commonly affects school-aged children...
Measles
Measles can cause serious and sometimes fatal complications, including pneumonia and brain inflammation...
Measles, mumps, rubella, varicella (chickenpox) – immunisation
Immunisation is the best protection against measles, mumps, rubella and varicella (chickenpox)...
Melissa's story (video)
Melissa shares her story of how her baby caught chickenpox at 5 weeks old...
Meningitis
Meningitis can cause death and requires urgent medical attention...
Middle ear infections
Middle ear infections often happen during or after a child has a cold...
Mumps
Mumps is a viral illness that causes fever and swollen salivary glands, and a swollen face...
Roseola infantum
Roseola is a mild viral infection with associated fever and rash that affects babies and young children...
Rubella
Rubella is a mild illness for most people, but very dangerous for pregnant women and their babies...
Slapped cheek disease
Children with slapped cheek do not need to be kept home from school or day care, as cases are only contagious before the onset of the rash...
Streptococcal infection – group B
Group B streptococcal bacteria can cause a wide range of illnesses in susceptible people including newborns, the elderly and those with pre-existing medical conditions such as diabetes or cancer. Out...
Viral encephalitis
Viral encephalitis is inflammation of the brain caused by a virus and can cause permanent brain damage...
Whooping cough
The major symptom of whooping cough is a severe cough, which is often followed by a 'whooping' sound...
Whooping cough – a family’s experience (video)
A family shares their experience when their baby daughter contracted whooping cough (or pertussis)...
Animal to human infections
Anthrax
Anthrax is a rare but potentially fatal bacterial disease that occasionally infects humans...
Australian bat lyssavirus (ABLV)
The simplest form of prevention for lyssavirus is to avoid close contact with bats...
Barmah Forest virus disease
Barmah Forest virus (BFV) disease can cause joint inflammation and pain, fatigue and a rash of variable appearance. A full recovery can be expected. Most people recover completely within six months...
Beat the Bite
Beat the Bite is a Victorian government health campaign to highlight awareness of the risk of mosquito-borne diseases in Victoria.
Find resources to be printed and shared along with videos that tell...
Beat the Bite! Mosquito-borne disease risk and management (video)
Dr Finn Romanes, public health doctor at Victoria, Department of Health and Human Services explains the department’s program to monitor and manage the risks associated with Mosquitoes. Learn about the...
Bird flu (avian influenza)
The symptoms of bird flu in humans are similar to those of regular influenza...
Dengue virus disease
Dengue virus disease (dengue fever, or ‘dengue’)
is a viral disease transmitted by mosquitoes in many tropical and subtropical parts of the world...
Hendra virus
The best defence against Hendra virus is to avoid contact with an infected horse...
Leptospirosis
Leptospirosis is a disease spread from animals to humans, caused by infection with the bacteria Leptospira...
Malaria
Travellers who visit malarial locations should avoid mosquito bites and take anti-malarial drugs...
Mosquitoes can carry diseases
You can reduce the risk of mosquito bites if you get rid of potential mosquito breeding sites around your home...
Murray Valley encephalitis
The only protection from Murray Valley encephalitis (MVE) is to avoid mosquito bites...
Pets – safe handling of reptiles and tropical fish
People in contact with tropical fish and reptiles such as turtles, lizards and snakes may be at risk of infections and illness due to germs (such as bacteria, viruses and parasites) carried on the...
Pinworms
Despite the unsavoury reputation, a pinworm infection (worms) is relatively harmless and easily treated...
Psittacosis - parrot fever
People who have birds as pets, poultry workers and anyone working in aviaries or pet shops, are most at risk of catching psittacosis...
Q fever
Q fever is caused by a micro-organism that can be carried by cattle, sheep and goats...
Ross River virus disease
Most people recover from Ross River virus disease, although some people have symptoms for a year or more...
Tapeworms and hydatid disease
It's important for your own health to control tapeworm infection in your dog...
Toxoplasmosis
Problems only occur if a woman becomes infected with parasites that cause toxoplasmosis for the first time while pregnant...
West Nile virus
All disease-carrying mosquitoes breed in water or require water to enable eggs to hatch...
Zika virus
Zika virus is a mosquito-borne virus. There is no cure, specific treatment or vaccine for Zika virus...
A-Z of infectious disorders
Anthrax
Anthrax is a rare but potentially fatal bacterial disease that occasionally infects humans...
Aspergillus
Aspergillus is a fungus that commonly grows on rotting vegetation. It can cause asthma symptoms...
Australian bat lyssavirus (ABLV)
The simplest form of prevention for lyssavirus is to avoid close contact with bats...
Bacterial vaginosis
Bacterial vaginosis (BV) is caused by an imbalance of the bacteria normally present in the vagina...
Barmah Forest virus disease
Barmah Forest virus (BFV) disease can cause joint inflammation and pain, fatigue and a rash of variable appearance. A full recovery can be expected. Most people recover completely within six months...
Beat the Bite
Beat the Bite is a Victorian government health campaign to highlight awareness of the risk of mosquito-borne diseases in Victoria.
Find resources to be printed and shared along with videos that tell...
Beat the Bite! Mosquito-borne disease risk and management (video)
Dr Finn Romanes, public health doctor at Victoria, Department of Health and Human Services explains the department’s program to monitor and manage the risks associated with Mosquitoes. Learn about the...
Bird flu (avian influenza)
The symptoms of bird flu in humans are similar to those of regular influenza...
Bites and stings – first aid
If you are bitten or stung by an insect or animal, apply first aid and seek medical treatment as soon as possible...
Boils
Some areas of the body are more susceptible to boils, including the face, throat, armpits, groin and buttocks...
Botulism
Botulism is considered a medical emergency. If untreated, it may cause death...
Buruli ulcer
Since the ulcer gets bigger with time, early diagnosis and prompt treatment of Bairnsdale disease can keep skin loss to a minimum...
Candida auris (C. auris)
Candida is a genus of fungi (yeasts) that live on the skin and inside the human body. Candida auris (also called C. auris) is an uncommon fungus that can cause serious infections...
Cellulitis
Cellulitis is a bacterial infection of the skin that occurs most commonly on the lower legs and in areas where the skin is damaged or inflamed...
Chest infections
A chest infection affects your lungs, either in the larger airways (bronchitis) or in the smaller air sacs (pneumonia)...
Chickenpox
Chickenpox is highly contagious, but it is generally mild and gets better without the need for special treatment...
Chlamydia
Chlamydia is often called the 'silent infection' because most people do not realise they have it...
Colds
Cold viruses are spread by sneezing, coughing and hand contact...
Cold sores
Cold sores are blisters around the mouth and nose, caused by the herpes simplex virus...
Coronavirus (COVID-19) - smoking and e-cigarette use
Stopping smoking has many health benefits, even beyond a link with coronavirus (COVID-19), so it’s always a good time to quit. During this pandemic and as we head into the annual influenza season...
Coughing and wheezing in children
Coughing and wheezing in babies can be distressing for you and your baby, but in most cases symptoms can be relieved at home...
Croup
Croup is a viral infection of the throat and windpipe that causes noisy breathing, a hoarse voice and a harsh, barking cough...
Cystitis
Cystitis is the most common urinary tract infection in women...
Cytomegalovirus (CMV)
If an unborn baby gets CMV from their mother, it can cause hearing loss and intellectual disability...
Dengue virus disease
Dengue virus disease (dengue fever, or ‘dengue’)
is a viral disease transmitted by mosquitoes in many tropical and subtropical parts of the world...
Diarrhoea
Acute diarrhoea in babies and young children can be life threatening...
Diphtheria
Diphtheria is a serious bacterial disease that causes severe inflammation of the nose, throat and windpipe...
Ebola virus disease (EVD)
Ebola virus is a rare disease that can causes severe symptoms and can be life-threatening...
Epididymitis
Epididymitis is an infection that causes inflammation of the epididymis...
Eyes - trachoma
A clean face and clean environment are the best protection against trachoma...
Fatigue fighting tips
Activity and nutrition help fight fatigue and put more energy into your daily life...
Fever - children
Fever is a way in which the body fights infection. A fever is not dangerous and does not always indicate a serious illness...
Fever - febrile convulsions
A febrile convulsion is a fit that occurs in children when they have a high fever...
Flu (influenza)
Influenza (the flu) is caused by a virus. The flu is more than just a bad cold and can occasionally lead to serious complications, including death. Specific antiviral medication is available. It is...
Food poisoning - listeria
Listeria infection is uncommon but very dangerous for the elderly, people whose immune systems are not working properly and pregnant women and their unborn babies...
Gastroenteritis
It is important to establish the cause of gastro, as different types of gastroenteritis respond to different treatments...
Gastroenteritis - amoebiasis
Amoebiasis can cause diarrhoea among travellers to developing countries...
Gastroenteritis - campylobacteriosis
Campylobacteriosis is a type of gastroenteritis and is more common in children under five years of age and young adults...
Gastroenteritis - cryptosporidiosis
Outbreaks of cryptosporidiosis have been associated with child care centres, public swimming pools and contaminated water supplies...
Gastroenteritis - giardiasis
Most people infected with Giardia parasites do not develop symptoms but can still spread the infection to others...
Gastroenteritis in children
Gastroenteritis or Gastro can be dangerous for very young babies. Gastro is common in young children and spreads easily. Gastro is a bowel infection which causes diarrhoea (runny or watery poo) and...
Gastroenteritis - salmonellosis
You may be more prone to salmonellosis if you are elderly, have another medical condition (such as a weakened immune system) or are malnourished...
Gastroenteritis - shigella
Outbreaks of shigella gastroenteritis can occur in institutional settings, particularly where children are still in nappies or adults are incontinent...
Genital herpes
Many people with genital herpes are not aware that they have the infection, because they have no symptoms...
Genital warts
Genital warts are one of the most common sexually transmissible infections...
Glandular fever
Glandular fever is most common among high school and university students, but young children can also become infected by saliva on toys, shared cups, or the hands of carers...
Gonorrhoea
Gonorrhoea, also spelt gonorrhea, affects both men and women and is transmitted during sex, it may lead to infertility in women if left untreated...
Haemolytic uraemic syndrome
Haemolytic uraemic syndrome (HUS) is a rare condition which can lead to chronic kidney damage or death from kidney failure...
Hand, foot and mouth disease
Good personal hygiene is essential to prevent the spread of hand, foot and mouth disease to others, both for those infected and their carers...
Heart conditions - endocarditis
Endocarditis is an infection of the heart valves or the inner lining of the heart...
Hendra virus
The best defence against Hendra virus is to avoid contact with an infected horse...
Hepatitis
Hepatitis is an umbrella term for several diseases that affect the liver...
Hepatitis A
Immunisation is the best protection against hepatitis A infection and it is recommended for people in high-risk groups...
Hepatitis B
Hepatitis B is a viral infection that affects the liver and can lead to serious illness or death...
Hepatitis C
In Australia, hepatitis C is most often spread through the sharing of unsterile drug injecting equipment. New all oral combination treatment has greatly improved health outcomes for people with...
Hepatitis C Cure - what it means for Victorians (video)
Hepatitis C Cure - what it means for Victorians...
HIV
In Australia, HIV is most commonly spread when having sex without a condom and when sharing needles and other injecting equipment...
Impetigo - school sores
Impetigo, or school sores, is a highly contagious skin infection that commonly affects school-aged children...
Labyrinthitis and vestibular neuritis
Labyrinthitis and vestibular neuritis are disorders that result in inflammation of the inner ear and the nerve connecting the inner ear to the brain...
Legionnaires' disease
Legionnaires' disease is a rare form of pneumonia...
Leprosy (Hansen’s disease)
Once a person with leprosy begins treatment they quickly become non-infectious...
Leptospirosis
Leptospirosis is a disease spread from animals to humans, caused by infection with the bacteria Leptospira...
Malaria
Travellers who visit malarial locations should avoid mosquito bites and take anti-malarial drugs...
Measles
Measles can cause serious and sometimes fatal complications, including pneumonia and brain inflammation...
Measles, mumps, rubella, varicella (chickenpox) – immunisation
Immunisation is the best protection against measles, mumps, rubella and varicella (chickenpox)...
Meningitis
Meningitis can cause death and requires urgent medical attention...
Meningococcal disease
Do not leave young adults alone if they suddenly develop a fever because they may become seriously ill very quickly...
Molluscum contagiosum
Molluscum contagiosum can be mistaken for genital warts or pimples, check with your doctor for an accurate diagnosis...
Mosquitoes can carry diseases
You can reduce the risk of mosquito bites if you get rid of potential mosquito breeding sites around your home...
Mumps
Mumps is a viral illness that causes fever and swollen salivary glands, and a swollen face...
Murray Valley encephalitis
The only protection from Murray Valley encephalitis (MVE) is to avoid mosquito bites...
New drugs for the treatment of hepatitis C – Frequently Asked Questions for patients
In Australia, hepatitis C is most often spread through the sharing of unsterile drug injecting equipment. New all oral combination treatment has greatly improved health outcomes for people with...
Osteomyelitis
Osteomyelitis means an infection of bone which can either be recent or longstanding...
Parechovirus
Good personal hygiene is essential to prevent the spread of parechovirus to others, both for those infected and their carers...
Pericarditis
Pericarditis symptoms may be similar to those of heart attack and include chest pain and abnormal heart rhythms...
Pets – safe handling of reptiles and tropical fish
People in contact with tropical fish and reptiles such as turtles, lizards and snakes may be at risk of infections and illness due to germs (such as bacteria, viruses and parasites) carried on the...
Pinworms
Despite the unsavoury reputation, a pinworm infection (worms) is relatively harmless and easily treated...
Pleurisy
Treating any infection of the upper respiratory tract quickly will reduce the risk of developing pleurisy...
Pneumococcal disease
Pneumococcal disease is a leading cause of serious illness and death in young children...
Pneumonia
Anyone can get pneumonia, but young children and the elderly are most susceptible...
Polio and the late effects of polio
Polio is a serious disease that can cause life-threatening paralysis and possibly death...
Post-exposure prophylaxis (PEP) for HIV prevention
PEP (post-exposure prophylaxis) is a course of antiviral medication you can take to prevent HIV infection if you have potentially been exposed to the virus...
Pre-exposure prophylaxis (PrEP) for HIV prevention
Pre-exposure prophylaxis (PrEP) is an oral medication that prevents HIV in people at risk of infection with the virus...
Psittacosis - parrot fever
People who have birds as pets, poultry workers and anyone working in aviaries or pet shops, are most at risk of catching psittacosis...
Q fever
Q fever is caused by a micro-organism that can be carried by cattle, sheep and goats...
Reactive arthritis
Reactive arthritis is a form of arthritis that occurs as a result of some bacterial infections...
Rheumatic fever
Untreated rheumatic fever can lead to serious complications such as rheumatic heart disease...
Roseola infantum
Roseola is a mild viral infection with associated fever and rash that affects babies and young children...
Ross River virus disease
Most people recover from Ross River virus disease, although some people have symptoms for a year or more...
Rotavirus
Rotavirus is a common cause of viral gastroenteritis for Australian babies and preschool children...
Rubella
Rubella is a mild illness for most people, but very dangerous for pregnant women and their babies...
Salpingitis
Salpingitis is one of the most common causes of female infertility and may permanently damage the fallopian tubes...
Septicaemia
Bacteria in the bowels, urinary tract, mouth and skin can cause disease if they get into the bloodstream...
Shiga toxin-producing E.coli
There are many types of E.coli bacteria, most of which are harmless. However, some types of E.coli produce toxins (poisons) that can cause gastroenteritis (gastro). One of these types of E.coli is...
Shingles
Shingles is caused by the same virus responsible for chickenpox...
Slapped cheek disease
Children with slapped cheek do not need to be kept home from school or day care, as cases are only contagious before the onset of the rash...
Smallpox
Smallpox was once a feared and highly contagious viral disease...
Staphylococcus aureus - golden staph
Hospital patients are more likely to be infected by golden staph because of surgical or other wounds...
Streptococcal infection - group A
Streptococcal infection ? group A can cause sore throats (pharyngitis), scarlet fever or impetigo (school sores)...
Streptococcal infection – group B
Group B streptococcal bacteria can cause a wide range of illnesses in susceptible people including newborns, the elderly and those with pre-existing medical conditions such as diabetes or cancer. Out...
Styes
Styes may be red and sore, but they generally do not cause any damage to the eye or eyelids...
Swimmer's ear
Swimmer's ear can be triggered by exposure to water or mechanical damage due to overzealous cleaning...
Tapeworms and hydatid disease
It's important for your own health to control tapeworm infection in your dog...
Tetanus
Tetanus is a life-threatening disease and immunisation is the best way to reduce your risk...
Tinea
Tinea is contagious and can be spread by skin-to-skin contact or indirectly through towels, clothes or floors...
Toxic shock syndrome (TSS)
If you think you could have toxic shock syndrome, stop using tampons immediately and go to the emergency department of your nearest hospital...
Toxoplasmosis
Problems only occur if a woman becomes infected with parasites that cause toxoplasmosis for the first time while pregnant...
Travel health - yellow fever immunisation
If you are travelling or passing through areas infected with yellow fever, some countries require you to be vaccinated...
Tuberculosis (TB)
Tuberculosis is spread when a person with an active infection coughs, laughs, sings or sneezes...
Urinary tract infections (UTI)
Urinary tract infections (UTIs) can target the urethra, bladder or kidneys...
Vaginal thrush
Vaginal thrush is a common infection caused by an overgrowth of yeasts in the vagina...
Viral encephalitis
Viral encephalitis is inflammation of the brain caused by a virus and can cause permanent brain damage...
Viral haemorrhagic fever
Viral haemorrhagic fever (VHF) is an extremely infectious and life threatening disease caused by a group of viruses, including the Ebola virus...
Warts
Warts can be stubborn, so you may need to use more than one type of treatment...
West Nile virus
All disease-carrying mosquitoes breed in water or require water to enable eggs to hatch...
Whooping cough
The major symptom of whooping cough is a severe cough, which is often followed by a 'whooping' sound...
Whooping cough – a family’s experience (video)
A family shares their experience when their baby daughter contracted whooping cough (or pertussis)...
Williams syndrome
Williams syndrome often goes undiagnosed, which means that some people with the disorder fail to get the support and treatment they need until later in life...
Zika virus
Zika virus is a mosquito-borne virus. There is no cure, specific treatment or vaccine for Zika virus...
Related Information
Bird flu (avian influenza)
The symptoms of bird flu in humans are similar to those of regular influenza...
Flu (influenza)
Influenza (the flu) is caused by a virus. The flu is more than just a bad cold and can occasionally lead to serious complications, including death. Specific antiviral medication is available. It is...
Infections
Infections are generally caused by bacteria or viruses. Learn about infectious and childhood diseases, animal to human diseases and prevention...
Anthrax
Anthrax is a rare but potentially fatal bacterial disease that occasionally infects humans...
Malaria
Travellers who visit malarial locations should avoid mosquito bites and take anti-malarial drugs...
Home
Related information on other websites
Queensland Health.
Victorian Government Health Information - Infectious Diseases Epidemiology & Surveillance.
Content Partner
This page has been produced in consultation with and approved by:
Department of Health and Human Services - RHP&R - Health Protection - Communicable Disease Prevention and Control Unit
Last updated:
June 2017
Content on this website is provided for information purposes only. Information about a therapy, service, product or treatment does not in any way endorse or support such therapy, service, product or treatment and is not intended to replace advice from your doctor or other registered health professional. The information and materials contained on this website are not intended to constitute a comprehensive guide concerning all aspects of the therapy, product or treatment described on the website. All users are urged to always seek advice from a registered health care professional for diagnosis and answers to their medical questions and to ascertain whether the particular therapy, service, product or treatment described on the website is suitable in their circumstances. The State of Victoria and the Department of Health & Human Services shall not bear any liability for reliance by any user on the materials contained on this website.
My Health Life helps you manage your health
With tools, information and recommendations tailored to you, it’s your personal and secure health dashboard.
Learn more
Medical Dictionary
Enter a search term
Search
Search for your topic using the Merriam Webster medical dictionary
Service Search
Service Search
Find services near you
Service:
Select a service
Aboriginal Health Clinic
Aboriginal Health Worker
Acupuncture
Adolescent Mental Health Services
Adult Mental Health Services
Adult-community education
Aged care assessment
Aged Care information-referral
Aged Care Transport
Aged Residential Care
Air ambulance
Alexander technique therapy
Anaesthesiology - Pain Medicine
Aromatherapy
Audiology
Bereavement counselling
Biorhythm services
Blood donation
Bowen therapy
Cancer Support Groups
Cardiology
Cardiothoracic surgery
Carer support
Case management for older persons
Cemeteries & Fees
Child protection-child abuse report
Childrens play programs
Chinese herbal medicine
Chiropractic
Chronic Disease Management
Clinical Genetics
Clinical Pharmacology
Community bus
Community Cancer Services
Community Hours
Cranio-Sacral Therapy
Crisis counselling
Crisis-emergency accommodation
Culturally tailored health promotion
Culturally tailored support groups
Delivered meals
Deputising Service
Dermatology
Diabetes Educator
Diagnostic Ultrasound
Dietetics
Disability advocacy
Disability aids - equipment
Disability Care Transport
Disability case management
Disability information-referral
Disability support packages
Disability supported accommodation
Drug and-or alcohol counselling
Drug and-or alcohol support groups
Early childhood intervention
Education information-referral
Emergency Department
Emergency medical
Employment placement and-or support
Endocrinology
Endodontic
Exercise Physiology
Family day care
Family planning
Family Violence
Family violence counselling
Feldenkrais
Financial assistance
Financial counselling
Financial information-advice
Flying doctor service
Food Relief-food-meals
Food safety
Foster care
Friendly visiting
Funeral services
Gastroenterology
Gastroenterology - Hepatology
General dental
General Mental Health Services
General Practice/GP (doctor)
General Practice-GP
Generalist counselling
Genetic counselling
Geriatric medicine
Gynaecological Oncology
Gynaecology
Health advocacy-Liaison service
Health counselling
Health information-referral
Hearing aids - equipment
Hepatology
Higher education
Holiday programs
Home care-housekeeping assistance
Home maintenance and repair
Home Medicine Review
Home Nursing
Homelessness support
Homoeopathy
Hospital
Hospital Services
Housing information-referral
Hydrotherapy
Hypnotherapy
Immunisation
Immunology - Allergy
Infectious diseases
Inpatients
Integrated Family Services
Intensive care medicine
Juvenile Justice
Kindergarten-preschool
Kinesiology
Kinship Care
Legal advocacy
Legal information-advice-referral
Library
Long day child care
Magnetic Resonance Imaging
Magnetic therapy
Martial arts
Massage therapy
Material aid
Maternal and Child Health
Maternity & Newborn Services
Mediation
Medical Oncology
Medical Research
Meditation
Mental health advocacy
Mental health information-referral
Mental Health Services
Migrant Health Clinic
Music Therapy
Myotherapy
Naturopathy
Neonatology - Perinatology
Nephrology
Neurology
Neurosurgery
Nuclear Medicine
Nurse led Clinic
Nurse Practitioner led Clinic
Nursing
Nutrition
Obstetrics
Obstetrics - Gynaecology
Occasional child care
Occupational Medicine
Occupational therapy
Ophthalmology
Optometry
Oral medicine
Oral surgery
Orthodontic
Orthopaedic surgery
Osteopathy
Outpatients
Outreach Service
Outside school hours care
Paediatric Cardiology
Paediatric Clinical Genetics
Paediatric Clinical Pharmacology
Paediatric Dentistry
Paediatric Dermatology
Paediatric Endocrinology
Paediatric Haematology
Paediatric Immunology
Allergy
Paediatric Infectious diseases
Paediatric intensive care medicine
Paediatric Medical Oncology
Paediatric Medicine
Paediatric Nephrology
Paediatric Neurology
Paediatric Nuclear Medicine
Paediatric Rehabilitation Medicine
Paediatric Rheumatology
Paediatric Sleep Medicine
Paediatric Surgery
Paediatric Thoracic Medicine
Palliative Medicine
Pathology - Clinical Chemistry
Pathology - General
Pathology - Genetics
Pathology - Haematology
Pathology - Immunology
Pathology - Microbiology
Patient transport
Periodontic
Personal alarms-alerts
Personal care for older persons
Personal fitness training
Pharmacy
Physical activity group
Physical activity programs
Physical fitness testing
Physiotherapy
Pilates
Placement Protection
Planned activity groups
Plastic - Reconstructive Surgery
Playgroup
Podiatry
Primary education
Problem gambling counselling
Prosthetics - Orthotics
Prosthodontic
Psychiatry
Psychology
Public Health Medicine
Public rental housing
Quit program
Radiation oncology
Reflexology
Refugee Health Clinic
Rehabilitation Medicine
Reiki
Relationship counselling
Relaxation therapy
Respite care
Rheumatology
School nursing
Secondary education
Sexual assault counselling
Sexual health
Shiatsu
Sleep Medicine
Social Support
Social Work
Speech pathology-therapy
Spiritual Counselling
Sporting club
Support groups
Surgery - General
Telephone Counselling
Thoracic medicine
Toy library
Training - vocational education
Translating Services
Trauma counselling
Urogynaecology
Urology
Vascular surgery
Veterans Services
Victims of crime counselling
Vocational Rehabilitation
Western herbal medicine
Womens Health Clinic
Yoga
Youth drop in-assistance-support
Location:
Type a minimum of three characters then press UP or DOWN on the keyboard to navigate the autocompleted search results
Use my location
Find a doctor
Need to find a doctor in your local area?
Take a look at the general practitioners entry in our health service profiles.
see general practitioner
Recent Activity
7 people have watched a video today
Health topics
Conditions and treatments
Healthy living
Services and support
Explore
Recipes
Healthy pantry
Videos
Consumer medicine information
Multilingual health information - Health Translations Directory
About
About us
Accessibility
Content partners
Privacy
Terms of use
Contact us
Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Page last reviewed: 30 Mar 2014
https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au:443/health/conditionsandtreatments/hendra-virus
https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au:443/about/privacy
Privacy Statement
https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au:443/about/terms-of-use
Copyright Notice
https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au:443/about/terms-of-use
Disclaimer Notice
This web site is managed and authorised by the Department of Health & Human Services, State Government of Victoria, Australia
© Copyright State of Victoria 2020.
Back to Top