https://www.surfguyssurf.com/privacy-policy/
Surfguy Enterprises Inc. Privacy Statement(Last updated: December 2015) Surfguy Enterprises Inc. is committed to protecting your privacy. Surfguy Enterprises Inc. does not sell, rent, lease or otherwise disclose any of your information to any third party unless required by law. This Surfguy Enterprises Inc. Privacy Statement applies to data collection and usage on Surfguy Enterprises sites and services. Please read the Surfguy Enterprises Inc.  Privacy Statement below and also any supplementary information at the end of this statement for additional details about particular Surfguy Enterprises Inc. sites and services that you may use. Surfguy Enterprises Inc. Web sites are general audience web sites, intended for users of all ages. Personal information of users may be collected, used and disclosed as described in this Privacy Statement.Collection of your Personal InformationAt some sites, Surfguy Enterprises Inc. collects personal information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Surfguy Enterprises may also collect demographic information, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites. Information collected by Surfguy Enterprises Inc. may be combined with information obtained from other Surfguy Enterprises Inc. services and companies. Surfguy Enterprises Inc. does not sell, rent, lease or otherwise disclose any of your information to any third party or individual unless required by law.If you choose to sign up for a paid subscription service we will collect additional personal information, including your credit card number and billing address, in order to create a Surfguy Enterprises Inc. billing account. Surfguy Enterprises Inc. uses Web Forms Authentication to provide registration and sign-in services. If you create an account at one or more of Surfguy Enterprises sites all of the registration information you provide will be stored by Surfguy Enterprises. Some of Surfguy Enterprises Inc. services require that you create separate accounts to access and utilize these services.Surfguy Enterprises Inc. keeps track of the pages our customers visit within sites owned and operated by Surfguy Enterprises Inc. in order to determine what sites and services are the most popular. Surfguy Enterprises Inc. also collects certain information about your computer hardware and software. This information may include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. Certain Surfguy Enterprises Inc. services may be co-branded and offered in conjunction with another company. If you register for or use such services, both Surfguy Enterprises Inc. and the other company may receive information collected in conjunction with the co-branded services.Use of your Personal InformationSurfguy Enterprises Inc. and its operational service partners collect and use your personal information to operate Surfguy Enterprises Inc. and its related sites and services in order to deliver the services you have requested. These services may include the display of customized content and advertising based upon the information collected. Surfguy Enterprises Inc. will not disclose any of your personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent unless required by law.When you register with Surfguy Enterprises Inc. sites or services you are given the option to receive notifications from Surfguy Enterprises Inc. and its affiliates. If you elect to receive these notifications Surfguy Enterprises Inc.may use your personal information to inform you of products or services available from Surfguy Enterprises Inc.and its affiliates. Surfguy Enterprises Inc. may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered. At any time you may elect to no longer receive these notifications, Surfguy Enterprises Inc. honors all requests for removal and will immediately cease such notifications.Surfguy Enterprises Inc. does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Surfguy Enterprises Inc.  may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your personal information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party.We occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf, such as handling the processing and delivery of mailings, providing customer support, processing transactions, or performing statistical analysis of our services. We will only provide those companies the personal information they need to deliver the service. They are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information and are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose.Surfguy Enterprises Inc.may access and/or disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Surfguy Enterprises Inc. or any of its sites;protect and defend the rights or property of Surfguy Enterprises Inc., including its family of Web sites; oract under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Surfguy Enterprises Inc. services or members of the public.Personal information collected on Surfguy Enterprises Inc. sites and services may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which Surfguy Enterprises Inc. or its affiliates, subsidiaries or agents maintain facilities, and by using this site, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country. Surfguy Enterprises  Inc. abides by the safe harbor framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of data from the European Union.Control of your Personal InformationYou may choose not to receive marketing material from Surfguy Enterprises Inc., it’s Web sites or on behalf of external third party business partners. You may also stop the delivery of future promotional e-mail from Surfguy Enterprises Inc. by following the specific instructions in the e-mail you receive. The instructions explain how to stop receiving such e-mails. There are some Surfguy Enterprises Inc. services that send out periodic e-mails informing you of technical service issues, product surveys, new feature announcements and news about Surfguy Enterprises Inc. products and services. You may not be able to unsubscribe to these mailings, as they may be considered a part of the service you have chosen.You may subscribe and unsubscribe to Surfguy Enterprises Inc. sites and services. In addition, each newsletter you receive from Surfguy Enterprises Inc. sites or services will have instructions on how to unsubscribe prominently mentioned in it. You also have the ability to view and/or edit your personal information by logging into the Surfguy Enterprises Inc.sites or services for which you have subscribed and following the instructions given on how to edit your personal information.Security of your Personal InformationSurfguy Enterprises Inc. s committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For example, we store the personal information you provide on computer systems with limited access, which are located in controlled facilities. When we transmit highly confidential information (such as a credit card number) over the Internet, we protect it through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.PagesAdult Surf LessonsCalendarCocoa Beach Surf LessonsContact UsCustomer ReviewsFla Surf CampsApplication & WaiverHomeLinks to Surfing ResourcesMelbourne Beach University T-shirt and Coffee MugPrivacy PolicySurf Lesson RatesSurfboard RepairTerms of UseYouth Surf LessonsUpcoming Events There are no upcoming events.
View Calendar
Surf Related Tips Thunderstorms, Lightning, You, and How to Be Safe Proper Surfing Etiquette and Surf Conduct How the weather affects the surf How To: Waxing Your Surfboard How to paddle your board into the lineup Packing your surfboards for a trip by airline Learning to Surf How to pop up correctly for surfing