https://www.surfschool.net/privacy-policy
Privacy PolicyLast Updated: June 6, 2019Your privacy is important to us.It is the policy of Corky Carroll’s Surf School to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website. This Privacy Policy applies to https://www.surfschool.net (hereinafter, “us”, “we”, “our”, or “surfschool.net”). We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personally identifiable information you may provide us through the Website. We have adopted this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to explain what information may be collected on our Website, how we use this information, and under what circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties. This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect through the Website and does not apply to our collection of information from other sources.This Privacy Policy, together with the Terms and Conditions posted on our Website, set forth the general rules and policies governing your use of our Website. Depending on your activities when visiting our Website, you may be required to agree to additional terms and conditions. If there are any terms in this Privacy Policy that you do not agree with, please discontinue use of our Website and our services.If you have any questions or concerns about our policy, or our practices with regards to your personal information, please contact us at info@surfschool.net.Please read this Privacy Policy carefully as it will help you make informed decisions about sharing your personal information with us.Website VisitorsLike most website operators, Corky Carroll’s Surf School collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Our purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how our visitors use our website.Corky Carroll’s Surf School also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on surfschool.net blog posts. We only disclose logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that our Website uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below.Gathering of Personally-Identifying InformationCertain visitors to our websites choose to voluntarily interact with Corky Carroll’s Surf School in ways that require us to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of personal information that we collect depends on the context of your interactions with us and the Website, the choices you make and the products and features you use. The personal information we collect can include the following:Name and Contact Data. We collect your first and last name, email address, postal address, phone number, and other similar contact data. When signing up as a parent or guardian for a child we collect information related to that child such as name, age and relevant medical conditions.Payment Data. We collect data necessary to process your payment if you make purchases, such as your payment instrument number (like a credit card number), and the security code associated with your payment instrument. All payment data is stored by our payment processor and you should review its privacy policies and contact the payment processor directly to respond to your questions.All personal information that you provide to us must be true, complete and accurate, and you must notify us of any changes to such personal information.How Your Information Will Be UsedWe use personal information collected via our website for a variety of business purposes described below. We process your personal information for these purposes in reliance on our legitimate business interests, in order to enter into or perform a contract with you, with your consent, and/or for compliance with our legal obligations. We indicate the specific processing grounds we rely on next to each purpose listed below.We use the information we collect or receive:To send you marketing and promotional communications. We and/or our third party marketing partners may use the personal information you send to us for our marketing purposes, if this is in accordance with your marketing preferences. You can opt-out of our marketing emails at any time.To send administrative information to you. We may use your personal information to send you product, service and new feature information and/or information about changes to our terms, conditions, and policies.Fulfill and manage your orders/appointments. We may use your information to fulfill and manage your orders, payments, returns, and exchanges made through the website.Deliver targeted advertising to you. We may use your information to develop and display content and advertising (and work with third parties who do so) tailored to your interests and/or location and to measure its effectivenessRequest Feedback. We may use your information to request feedback and to contact you about your use of our Sites.To protect our website. We may use your information as part of our efforts to keep our website safe and secure (for example, for fraud monitoring and prevention).To enforce our terms, conditions and policies.To respond to legal requests and prevent harm. If we receive a subpoena or other legal request, we may need to inspect the data we hold to determine how to respond.For other Business Purposes. We may use your information for other Business Purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our Sites, products, services, marketing and your experience.Will Your Information Be Shared With Anyone?We may process or share data based on the following legal basis:Consent: We may process your data if you have given us specific consent to use your personal information in a specific purpose.Legitimate Interests: We may process your data when it is reasonably necessary to achieve our legitimate business interests.Performance of a Contract: Where we have entered into a contract with you, we may process your personal information to fulfill the terms of our contract.Legal Obligations: We may disclose your information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).Vital Interests: We may disclose your information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person and illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.More specifically, we may need to process your data or share your personal information in the following situations:Vendors, Consultants and Other Third-Party Service Providers. We may share your data with third party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform services for us or on our behalf and require access to such information to do that work. Examples include: payment processing, data analysis, email delivery, hosting services, customer service and marketing efforts. We may allow selected third parties to use tracking technology on the website, which will enable them to collect data about how you interact with the Sites over time. This information may be used to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content and better understand online activity. Unless described in this Policy, we do not share, sell, rent or trade any of your information with third parties for their promotional purposes.Third-Party Advertisers. We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the website. These companies may use information about your visits to our website and other websites that are contained in web cookies and other tracking technologies in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.Who Will Your Information Be Shared WithYour information may be shared with but not limited to the following third parties. We have categorized each party so that you may easily understand the purpose of our data collection and processing practices. If we have processed your data based on your consent and you wish to revoke your consent, please contact us.Advertising, Direct Marketing, and Lead Generation Facebook Audience Network and Google AdSenseContent OptimizationYouTube video embed and Instagram embedData Backup and SecurityGoogle Drive Backup and Dropbox BackupRetargeting PlatformsFacebook Remarketing, Facebook Custom Audience, Google Analytics Remarketing and Google Ads RemarketingSocial Media Sharing and AdvertisingFacebook advertising and Instagram advertisingWeb and Mobile AnalyticsFacebook Analytics, Google Analytics and Google AdsAs listed above we use remarketing services to advertise on third party websites (including Google) to previous visitors to our site. It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven’t completed a task on our site, for example using the contact form to make an enquiry. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits. Any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google’s privacy policy.You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Preferences page, and if you want to you can opt out of interest-based advertising entirely by cookie settings or permanently using a browser plugin.How Long Do We Keep Your InformationWe will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting or other legal requirements).When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize it, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.Advertisements and Google MapsAds appearing on our website may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Corky Carroll’s Surf School and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.We use Google Maps for the purpose of providing better service. You may find the Google Maps APIs Terms of Service here. To better understand Google’s Privacy Policy, please refer to this link.By using our Maps API Implementation, you agree to be bound by Google’s Terms of Service.Links To External SitesOur Service may contain links to external sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy and terms and conditions of every site you visit.We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites, products or services.Billing associated with appointments and classes on our website are processed through Acuity Scheduling, a third party online booking software & service. As such, we recommend reviewing the Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions of Acuity. In using Acuity through our website you consent that we have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of their software or services.Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying InformationWe aim to protect your personal information through a system of organizational and technical security measures. However, please also remember that we cannot guarantee that the internet itself is 100% secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, transmission of personal information to and from our website is at your own risk. You should only access the services within a secure environment.Corky Carroll’s Surf School discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on the behalf of Corky Carroll’s Surf School or to provide services available at our website, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using our website, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. We will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, we disclose potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when we believe in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Corky Carroll’s Surf School, third parties or the public at large.If you are a registered user of https://www.surfschool.net and or have supplied your email address, we may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or keep you up to date with what’s going on with Corky Carroll’s Surf School and our products and services. We primarily use our blog to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. We take all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.Aggregated StatisticsWe may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its website. We may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, we do not disclose your personally-identifying information.Information Collection Regarding MinorsWe do not knowingly collect data from or market to children under 18 years of age. By using the Website, you represent that you are at least 18 or that you are the parent or guardian of such a minor and consent to such minor dependent’s use of the Website. If you become aware of any data we have collected from children under age 18, please contact us at info@surfschool.net.CookiesTo enrich and perfect your online experience, our websites may use “Cookies”, similar technologies and services provided by others to display personalized content, appropriate advertising and store your preferences on your computer.A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Corky Carroll’s Surf School may use cookies to help us identify and track visitors, their usage of https://www.surfschool.net, and their website access preferences. Our visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using our website, with the drawback that certain features of our website may not function properly without the aid of cookies.By continuing to navigate our website without changing your cookie settings, you hereby acknowledge and agree to our use of cookies.Controls for Do-Not Track FeaturesMost web browsers and some mobile operating systems and mobile applications include a Do-Not- Track (“DNT”) feature or setting you can activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your online browsing activities monitored and collected. No uniform technology standard for recognizing and implementing DNT signals has been finalized. As such, we do not currently respond to DNT browser signals or any other mechanism that automatically communicates your choice not to be tracked online. If a standard for online tracking is adopted that we must follow in the future, we will inform you about that practice in a revised version of this Privacy Policy.Privacy Rights for California ResidentsIf you are a resident of California, you are granted specific rights regarding access to your personal information under the California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the “Shine The Light” law. These rights permit our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to us using the contact information provided below.Privacy Policy ChangesAlthough most changes are likely to be minor, Corky Carroll’s Surf School may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in our sole discretion. The updated version will be indicated by the “Last Updated” date at the top of this page. If we make material changes to this privacy policy, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this privacy policy frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.Contact InformationIf you have questions or comments about this policy, you may email us at info@surfschool.net or call us at 714-969-3959.An authentic surfing experience for all levels of surfing. Lessons & CampsPrivate Surfing Lessons Huntington Beach Surf Camp Kid’s Junior Surf Camp Costa Rica Surf Resort Our SchoolAbout Us Blog Surfboard Rentals Become an Instructor Contact Us  714-969-3959   info@surfschool.net
Directions
Scroll to top