http://www.psa3.com/privacy-policy/
800.460.1992
psa@psa3.com
Facebook
Instagram
Facebook
Instagram
SHAPE THE CULTURE.   MOVE MINDS.   SAVE LIVES.   CHANGE THE WORLD.
Privacy Policy
Welcome to the website for psa3. We understand that your trust is our most important asset. We take the protection and proper use of your personal information seriously and are committed to protecting your personal information in our possession.
Internet Privacy Policy
It is the policy of psa3 to comply with all applicable privacy and data protection laws. This commitment reflects the value we place on earning and keeping the trust of our employees, customers, business partners and others who share their personal information with us.
Consent
By using psa3’s website or providing personal information to us, you are consenting to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Policy.
If you do not consent to the above mentioned collection, use and disclosure as described in this Privacy Policy, please do not use this website.
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you subscribe to our newsletter or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address or phone number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience
(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve our website
(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To improve customer service
(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
Aforementioned features will prominently display rules on their respective pages.
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.
Do we use cookies?
We do not use cookies.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at www.psa3.com.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our website’s Privacy Policy page.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
This policy was last modified on January 1, 2016.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
www.psa3.com
psa3
800.460.1992