http://www.overstonepark.com/privacy-policy
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience. Please read our policies for more information.
Privacy Policy
OVERSTONE PARK LTD PRIVACY POLICYThis is our Privacy Notice. In it you can find all the information you need about how we use your personal data.
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECTWe may collect and process the following data about you summarised by category:
Members, non-members and guestsContact and identification detailsWe record your name, postal and email addresses, telephone number(s) and contact preferences when you enquire on our website, when you sign in as a guest at leisure club or golf course. If one of our members makes a booking for you as a guest or recommends you as a friend they may provide us with your name, phone number and email address.Usage and attendance detailsWe may capture your image on CCTV when you visit our club.If you use our leisure facilities, we may keep a record of your booking and a consultation card which holds information about your general health and treatment.Correspondence and incidentsIf you contact us we may keep a record of that correspondence and any comments and responses you submit via surveys and our feedback system.If you or your child is involved in an incident at our club, we will record details of the incident.Details about your childIf your child attends a supervised activity at one of our clubs we may keep a record of their attendance, emergency contact details and essential health information e.g. allergies.
MembersIn addition, if you are a member of our club, we may collect and process the following data about you summarised by category:Contact and identification detailsWe record your date of birth and gender. We may also take your photograph when you join. If you give us evidence in support of your membership application, we will keep it on file.Session and device detailsIf you use our mobile app we may record your usage data and location (if your device settings allow).Payment detailsWe keep details of your membership package and fees for you and others linked to your membership and the payments you make to us.
If you pay your membership and other fees by direct debit we keep a record of your bank details.Usage and attendance detailsWe keep a record of when you swipe in to our club or book a tee time using your membership card. We keep a note of vouchers and guest passes issued to you. We keep a record of your health and fitness goals if you choose to share them with us.Your personal circumstancesIf you give us evidence of relocation, redundancy or a medical condition in line with our cancellation or suspension policy we will keep it on file.HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONNon-members and guestsIf you are not a member we use the information that you provide or that we collect in line with this Privacy Policy and on the basis of our legitimate business interests unless otherwise stated for the following purposes:Contact and identification detailsWe may use your contact details to respond to your enquiry or manage your booking and to let you know about our products and services which may be of interest (including through the use of email and post)Session and device detailsWe use session and device details to manage access to our network and to make our website easier to use.Usage and attendance detailsWe use CCTV for the prevention and detection of crime and the health and safety of guests, members and staff. We use information about website usage to make our website easier to navigate. For health and safety purposes, golf or leisure visitors may be required to complete a guest ticket. We may use this information to let you know about our products and services which may be of interest (including through the use of email and post)Correspondence and incidentsWe use your feedback to improve our facilities and services and to assist us in dealing with any query you may have. We record details of incidents to comply with our obligations under health and safety legislation.Details about your childWe use the information you give us about your child to safeguard their health and safety.
Members and ex-membersIf you are a member we use the information that you provide or that we collect in line with this Privacy Policy, our Terms and Conditions of Membership and our Website Terms of Use on the basis of our contract with you and our legitimate business interests unless otherwise stated for the following purposes:Contact and identification detailsWe may use your contact details to set up and manage your membership account and to administer our services in accordance with our terms and conditions; to contact you about changes to facilities, fees and membership terms; and to let you know about our products and services which may be of interest (including through the use of email and post)Session and device detailsWe may use your session and device details to manage access to our network; to make our website easier to use and to alert you about bookings and classes through our mobile app.Usage and attendance detailsWe use CCTV for the prevention and detection of crime and the health and safety of guests, members and staff. We use information about website usage to make our website easier to navigate.We use usage and attendance data to administer our booking policy and the terms and conditions on the use of our facilities; to improve your experience of our facilities and to tailor our communications with you.Your personal circumstancesWe use the information you give us to administer our policy on suspension or cancellation.Correspondence and incidentsWe use your feedback to improve our facilities and services and to assist us in dealing with any query you may have. We record details of incidents to comply with our obligations under health and safety legislation.
SHARING YOUR INFORMATION WITH OTHERS We value your privacy and never sell or pass on your information to any third parties under any circumstances.
Members and ex-membersWe keep enough information to record your communication preferences indefinitely in order to avoid sending you unwanted information in future.We retain correspondence after you leave in case you contact us again about the same subject. We keep details of incidents for three years after the date of the incident.CCTV recordings are deleted automatically after 90 days unless they are retained in connection with an investigation, in which case we keep them until after the investigation is concluded.
Hotel GuestsHow we use your informationWe will collect personal information in order to take the necessary steps in preparation of, or to fulfil our obligations under a booking contract, to provide communications about bookings, products and services being provided to you (and others if their personal information is provided by you) to send details of new, amended or cancelled bookings, usually via email, to contact you (and others if their personal information is provided by you) in the event of a change that affects a booking or any data or personal information you have provided us with, such as changes to terms and conditions of booking or this privacy policy, to provide notifications of any changes to our website or to our services that may affect you (and others if their personal information is provided by you), to provide you with requested information or correspondence, such as a Travelodge Directory or a response from us to an enquiry made by you.Payment detailsIf you pay for individual hotel accommodation we record your payment card details for 7 days. Corporate or business account information may be retained for the duration of the contract.
YOUR RIGHTSYou have the right to make a request for a copy of the personal data that we keep about you or to correct the details that we hold about you. You have the right to ask us to erase your personal data under certain circumstances.
UPDATING YOUR MARKETING PREFERENCESWe may use your personal information to provide you with marketing information about our products and services such as newsletters, product updates, surveys, company announcements and invites to events that will be of interest to you.You can opt out of receiving marketing messages at any time by following the unsubscribe links located within any electronic communication from us. You can also contact your local club by phone or email using the contact details on our website www.overstonepark.comPlease note that, even if you opt out of receiving marketing messages, we may still send you service related communications where necessary.
COOKIESWhen you our website or mobile application, we may send you a cookie. A cookie is a small file that can be placed on your computer’s hard disk or mobile device for record keeping purposes and we may use them to do a number of things -Cookies help us to recognise you when you next visit one of our websites and note the advertisements displayed to you. This allows us to tailor the advertisements we provide to your preferences. We may use the services of third party ad servers for this purpose.Cookies may be used to compile anonymous statistics related to the take up or use of services, or to patterns of browsing. A third party collects such data on our behalf to measure web site performance. Information collected is aggregated for reporting purposes. No personally identifiable information is collected by this service. The use of this service assists us in measuring and improving the structure and ease of use of our website.If you do not wish to use cookies, you may de-activate cookies in your web-browser or reject the creation of cookies. You may wish to seek technical assistance from your browser provider if you do not know how to do this.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICYWe may update this Privacy Policy at any time. Any such changes will be posted on our website. If you continue to use our services after we have changed this Privacy Policy, the updated version will apply.
SECURITY AND LIABILITYIn order to comply with our obligations under Data Protection law, we will protect your personal data from unauthorised access, misuse, alteration or loss by using commercially reasonable security measures. Where we have given you a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
CONTACTING USAll questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy should be addressed in writing to – Data Protection Officer,
Overstone Park Hotel Golf and Leisure Resort,
Billing Lane,
Northampton,
NN6 0AS