http://www.gloucestergolf.com/privacy-policy
HomeMembers Book Tee TimeVisitors Book Tee TimeGolf AcademyCourseClubCorporateCompetitionsContactEvents
Thursday 10th December 2020 - Course OPENNo temps.  Bunkers are pick & place.  Please repair pitch marks.
Search
To search the website enter your search criteria and click Search.
Video Flythrough
See the beauty of Gloucester Golf Club through our aerial video fly through. Why not visit and experience it for yourself?
01452 411331
info@gloucestergolf.com
Course Status
Video Flythrough
Home
Course
Course Map
Course Details
Scorecard
Testimonials
Hole by Hole Flyovers
Club
Membership Prices 2020
Dress Code
Golf Academy
Course Fees
Driving Range
Health and Safety
Members Website
Societies
Academy
Gallery
Click Here for Gallery
Competitions
Open Entry
Members Competitions
Offers
Contact
Staff Contacts
Sign up
Events
Members Book Tee Time
Visitors Book Tee Time
GGC Members Limited
Privacy Policy - (version 1 - May 2018)
This is our privacy policy which gives information about how we use any personal information given to us. We are committed to keeping safe any personal information given to us and this policy describes how we collect and use data. It will also specify who we share personal data with. For the purpose of the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR), the Data Controller is-
GGC Members Limited, Matson Lane, Matson, Gloucester GL4 6EA.
Who are we
GGC Members Limited  (GGCML , trading as Gloucester Golf Club), is a company limited by guarantee whose purpose is the provision and management of golfing and associated activities for its members and visitors. The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)  therefore relates to data relating to the Company including its current and former staff, directors and elected officials as well as that relating to players, members, visitors (single or societies) and website / app users acquired in the normal context of golf club operation.
In meeting the GDPR requirements GGCML has adopted the guidance principles in achieving compliance as set out by the England Golf Union and guidelines issued by the Information Commission Officer (ICO)in order to comply with the regulations.
GGCML has chosen not to appoint a designated Data Protection Officer (DPO) as it is not involved in the large scale processing of special categories of data (such as medical conditions).
How do we collect information
We obtain personal information from employees, and officials when they are appointed (and during the application process) to enable us to meet our legal obligations in running Gloucester Golf Club.
We obtain personal information relating to other individuals when they apply for membership, or attend the golf club as playing or prospective visitors, enquire about our activities , sign up for receiving updates from us , submit an enquiry via email or our website , or otherwise provide us with personal information.
In order to allow business development we may also collect personal data about people who contact us regarding membership or visiting the golf club and those making tee bookings either in person, by telephone or by visiting our website www.gloucestergolf.com
We do not record telephone calls.
What information do we collect
For employees, and officials we obtain personal information that enable us to fulfil our employment and other legal obligations.
The types of information we collect for members and other individuals in the context of golf club and related activities might include names, email addresses, postal addresses, telephone numbers, date of birth and other information such as visits to our website or social media contact.
We do not store any financial payment details
Sensitive Information
For employees and officers we may hold sensitive information (such as information about health , criminal convictions, trade union membership ) which enables us to fulfil our employment and other legal obligations. Such data is only used for the purpose for which it is provided .
The types of information we collect for members and other individuals does not include such sensitive data (race or ethnicity, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, genetic or biometric data, health or sexual orientation)
Where we require medical certification requiring equipment t usage such as buggy usage we will obtain explicit consent to record such information, documented, and agreeing to the processing of such data.
We also may record health data where it is required in the event of a medical / health emergency.
Personal Information of Minors
We hold information regarding minors who have specific categories of membership applicable to their age. This information will mirror that obtained for full members, prospective members and visitors.
Why do we collect personal information
For employees and officials collecting personal information is necessary to fulfil our employment and legal obligations.
In all other cases we only collect data that is necessary for the performance of our golfing and related activities. We also have a legitimate interest in using personal data for some or any of the following -
To enable us to issue promotional and other informative material from the club. We will seek clear affirmative consent to issue such mailings.
To complete course bookings that will include both contact and payment details as without such details the transaction could not be completed.
To comply with legal obligations and checks where specific activities require e.g abs checks for those undertaking activities with minors involved in child golfing groups.
To provide details to emergency services in the event of medial or other  emergency to protect the vital interests of the data subject or other natural person
AGM Communications
As a company limited by guarantee it is both part of good governance and a legal requirement that we advise our Members of the items to be discussed at the Annual General Meeting and invite members to attend or vote by proxy on resolutions or other matters concerning the structure of the organisation. Members are therefore unable to opt out of receiving our AGM mailings during the duration of their membership. members may select email or postal routes to receive such information.
Marketing Communications
When individuals become members of GGCML we will ask for your consent to contact you with news and updates on our club activities and services by post, telephone, SMS , email or other electronic means. We may also collect data about non members for this purpose.
Members information may also we used for these purposes after their membership has terminated.
Any members or non members who have consented to receiving marketing or club activity material may opt out at any time by emailing  contactus@gloucestergolf.com or by telephone at 01452 411311
How long do we keep data for
We do not keep personal data that permits the identification of individuals for any longer than is necessary and will delete member details once a reasonable time for reinstatement has passed.
Data Security
We are committed to protecting the confidentiality and security of the personal information provided to us and we therefore put in place appropriate technical, physical and organisational security measures to protect against any unauthorised access or damage to, or disclosure or loss of personal information.
Who do we share personal data with
We share personal information with other parties that help us run and manage the golfing and related activities. This would normally include the outsourced tee booking facility provider, our website administrator, and any data requirements arising from English or Gloucester Golf Unions or national handicapping or completion management bodies. In some circumstances we may have to disclose personal information because a court or other legal agency has asked for it.
We do not carry out any automated decision making or profiling using personal data.
What are our legal grounds for processing personal data
We have legal obligations we must comply with such employment law,  Health and Safety etc and those designated “legitimate interests” which cover the pursuit of legitimate golf club activities and interests. These include managing the golf club, improving our services and serving our members and visitors.
What rights do individuals have
Under GDPR individuals have a number of rights in respect of the processing of their personal information. Individuals have the following rights -
a right to object to processing their personal information on legitimate interests or the performance of a task in the public interest , direct marketing, and processing for research and statistical uses, or for storage only.
a right to request access to their personal information
a right to rectification  i.e request that any mistakes in personal information is rectified
a right to data portability enabling individuals who have consented to ask for their data to be structured in a commonly used format for easier transfer to another data controller.
Websites and related activities
This privacy policy covers all websites operated by GGCML . Any other websites that may be linked to our website(s) will be subject to their own policies and individuals should read their privacy policies before submitting any personal information.
Changes to personal details
Any personal detail changes should be notified to us at the following address : GGC Members Limited , c/o Gloucester Golf Club, Matson Lane, Matson, Gloucester, GL4 6EA , calling 01452 411331 or emailing contactus@gloucestergolf.com
Making a Complaint
If young feel your personal data has been misused you should contact us at Gloucester Golf Club on 01452 411331 or contactus@gloucestergolfclub.com
If you are unhappy with our response or need advice please contact the information Commissioners office by calling 0303 123 1113 or write to Information commissioners office, Wycliffe house, Water Lane , Wilmslow, Cheshire SK9 5AF
Further Information
If you wish to know more about your rights in respect of protection of personal data you should contact the ICO as above or go to www.ico.gov.uk
GGC Members Limited ( Registerd in England Co number 110298714, c/o Gloucester Golf Club, Matson Lane, Matson , Gloucester , GL4 6EA
Societies
Society packages can be tailored for any group with pre round Food, up to 36 holes, tuition or practice on the range, lunch and a superb dinner.
Memberships
We have a very active membership from a wide range of ages, find out about the various memberships and associated costs available for joining the club.
Special Offers
Are you interested in playing a round of golf at the club, find out about the latest course fees and special offers currently available at Gloucester Golf Club.
Home
Course Guide
The Club
Competitions
Corporate Days
Membership
News
Events
Contact Us
Gloucester Golf ClubMatson LaneRobinswood HillGloucesterGL4 6DX
01452 411331
info@gloucestergolf.com
Tweets
Tweets by @GloucesterGolfC
Privacy Policy
Copyright Gloucester Golf Club 2020 | Web Design BristoleckhoMedia