http://www.openfairways.com/legal-terms
about us
how it works
Golf Directory
Hotels
join now
about us
how it works
Golf Directory
Hotels
join now
legal terms
Legal Terms
Copyright Notice
Copyright © Open Fairways 2009. All Rights Reserved.
Corporate Disclaimer
Use of this web site constitutes acceptance of the terms of use set forth below. Any of the policies contained on this site are subject to change, without notice, upon public posting by Open Fairways.
Privacy Statement
Open Fairways and your Personal Data
Your privacy is important to us and you can see how in the Open Fairways’ Privacy Statement below - iIt sets out how we deal with your personal data.  If you have any queries about this statement, please contact us by email info@openfairways.com.
1. Personal Data is any data that identifies you. The Personal Data which you supply to us you agree will be true. We will deal with your Personal Data in compliance with the new General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR). Please note this applies only to Open Fairways not to other companies' or organisations' websites to which we may link.
2. Personal Data will be collected, processed and used by Open Fairways for the purposes of providing the Open Fairways service to you and the other purposes mentioned below. Personal Data may also be processed and used by such other organisations on our behalf for the purpose of providing the Open Fairways service to you. The use of information will remain under the control of Open Fairways at all times.
3. We only send email messages to you about services that we consider may be of interest to you only if you have given us permission to do so.
4. We may collect Personal Data about your usage of the Open Fairways service in order to provide a service to meet your needs. However, the data will only be disclosed on an anonymous and aggregated basis not in a way in which you will be identified.
Links to Other Sites
Some of the links made available to you through Open Fairways website will allow you to leave the Open Fairways web site. Please be aware that the Internet sites available through these links, and the material that you may find there, are not under the control of Open Fairways. Accordingly, Open Fairways is not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources and does not make any representation to you about these sites or the materials available there. That Open Fairways has made these links available to you is not an endorsement or recommendation to you by Open Fairways of any of these sites or liable for any content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such sites or resources. Open Fairways shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such site or resource. Additionally, Open Fairways shall not be responsible or liable for any of the content you provide to us. Open Fairways is providing these links only as a convenience to you.
Third Party Intellectual Property Policy
Individuals who believe that their intellectual property rights have been infringed either on the Internet or through online services provided by Open Fairways may contact Open Fairways, directly and request that the infringing material be removed or access to it blocked Open Fairways will investigate those complaints. Where Open Fairways is satisfied that the infringement is taking place, it will take appropriate action.
Authorization of Use
Any person is hereby authorized to view the information located at  www.openfairways.com for informational purposes only.
No part of the information located at http://www.openfairways.com can be redistributed, copied, or reproduced without prior written consent of Open Fairways.