https://www.hammanor.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Ham Manor Golf Club is currently open for Members only.
We look forward to welcoming back Visitors very soon.
Home
News
Golf
The Course
Harry Colt Design
Course Gallery
Course Card
Hole by Hole Guide – Front 9
Hole by Hole Guide – Back 9
Membership
Membership Benefits
Categories & Subscriptions
Ladies
Juniors
Seniors
Reciprocals
Visitors
Green Fees
Societies
Open Competitions
Ham Manor Pro Am
Corporate Days
Offers
Sponsorship Opportunities
Our Club
The Club Captains
Pro Shop
Dress Code & Etiquette
History of Ham Manor
Golf News
Web Sponsors
Weddings
Function Hire
Contact Us
Members Login
Privacy Policy
Ham Manor Golf Club / Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy for Members
General Privacy Policy
This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) applies to personal data that we collect from you as a customer (“you” or “your”). It provides information on what data we collect, why we collect the data, how it is used and the lawful basis on which your personal data is processed, and what your rights are under the applicable data protection and privacy laws, including the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”).
1. WHO ARE WE
We are Ham Manor Golf Club.  We are the data controller responsible for your personal data.
2. WHAT DO WE COLLECT
We collect the following information from you;
• Personal information: This includes your name, address, e-mail address; phone number; gender and age; country, as well as the names, ages, gender and other details about your guests to our golf course, together with and other information that you elect to provide to us.
• Payment Information: Information about your debit/credit card and bank account information provided by you to our payment service providers, that we require for the purpose of processing payment for our goods and services.
• Other Information: Personal details you choose to give when corresponding with us by phone or e-mail.
3. HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We use your personal information in the following ways:
• to provide you with information regarding your membership/competition entry/society booking/function hire bookingor any other business you are conducting with Ham Manor, and to administer any booking you request and to contact you regarding your enquiry or booking. Such use is necessary to respond to or implement your request and for the performance of the contract between you and us.
• As necessary for certain legitimate business interests, which include the following: where we are asked to deal with any enquiries or complaints you make; to provide email communications which we think will be of interest to you;
• if you ask us to delete your data or to be removed from our marketing lists and we are required to fulfil your request, to keep basic data to identify you and prevent further unwanted processing; and to (a) comply with legal obligations, (b) respond to requests from competent authorities; (c) protect our operations; (d) protect our rights, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliated businesses, you or others; and (e) enforce or defend legal rights, or prevent damage.
• We may provide you with information about our golf course and other promotions we feel may interest you. We will contact you by email only with your consent, if this was given at the time you provided us with the personal data.
• We may use your personal data for other purposes which you have consented to at the time of providing your data.
As used in this Privacy Policy, “legitimate interests” means our interests in conducting and managing our business. When we process your personal data for our legitimate interests, we make sure to consider and balance any potential impact on you, and your rights under data protection laws. Our legitimate interests do not automatically override your interests. We will not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you, unless we have your consent or those activities are otherwise required or permitted to by law. You have the right to object at any time to processing of your personal data that is based on our legitimate interests, on grounds relating to your particular situation (for more information on your rights, please see “Your Data Protection Rights” section below).
4. DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We only share your personal data with third parties in the following situations:
• Service Providers: we sometimes engage selected third parties who act on our behalf to support our operations, such as (i) card processing or payment services (see the section below headed “Payment Information”), (ii) IT suppliers and contractors (e.g. data hosting providers or delivery partners) as necessary to provide IT support and enable us to provide our goods/services, and (iii) providers of additional services you have requested, eg caterers. Pursuant to our instructions, these parties may access, process or store your personal data in the course of performing their duties to us and solely in order to perform the services we have hired them to provide.
• Administrative and Legal Reasons: if we need to disclose your personal data (i) to comply with a legal obligation and/or judicial or regulatory proceedings, a court order or other legal process. (ii) to enforce our Terms & Conditions or other applicable contract terms that you are subject to; (iii) to protect us, our members or contractors against loss or damage. This may include (without limit) exchanging information with the police, courts or law enforcement organisations.
5. PAYMENT INFORMATION
Any credit/debit card payments and other payments you make will be processed by our third party payment providers and the payment data you submit will be securely stored and encrypted by our payment service providers using up to date industry standards. Please note that we do not ourselves directly process or store the debit/credit card data that you submit.
We store and use this card or payment information for the purpose of processing any future payments that you make for additional goods and services. We will store this data in accordance with our legal obligations under applicable law and only for so long as legally permitted.
You may choose to opt out of us holding your card or payment data although this means that you will need to re-supply us with card/payment details for the purpose of making any future purchases.
6. DATA RETENTION
We will keep your personal data only for as long as is reasonably necessary for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy, or for the duration required by any legal, regulatory, accounting or reporting requirements, whichever is the longer. When you consent to receive marketing communications, we will keep your data until you unsubscribe. Upon expiry of the applicable retention period we will securely destroy your personal data in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.
7. YOUR DATA PROTECTION RIGHTS
Certain applicable data protection laws give you specific rights in relation to your personal data. In particular, if the processing of your personal data is subject to the GDPR, you have the following rights in relation to your personal data:
• Right of access: If you ask us, we will confirm whether we are processing your personal data and, if so, provide you with a copy of that personal data along with certain other details. If you require additional copies, we may need to charge a reasonable fee.
• Right to rectification: If your personal data is inaccurate or incomplete, you are entitled to ask that we correct or complete it. If we shared your personal data with others, we will tell them about the correction where possible. If you ask us, and where possible and lawful to do so, we will also tell you with whom we shared your personal data so you can contact them directly.
• Right to erasure: You may ask us to delete or remove your personal data, such as where our legal basis for the processing is your consent and you withdraw consent. If we shared your data with others, we will tell them about the erasure where possible. If you ask us, and where possible and lawful to do so, we will also tell you with whom we shared your personal data with so you can contact them directly. We may continue processing personal data where this is necessary for a legitimate interest in doing so, as described in this Privacy Policy.
• Right to restrict processing: You may ask us to restrict or ‘block’ the processing of your personal data in certain circumstances, such as where you contest the accuracy of the data or object to us processing it. We will tell you before we lift any restriction on processing. If we shared your personal data with others, we will tell them about the restriction where possible. If you ask us, and where possible and lawful to do so, we will also tell you with whom we shared your personal data so you can contact them directly.
• Right to data portability: You have the right to obtain your personal data from us that you consented to give us or that was provided to us as necessary in connection with our contract with you. We will give you your personal data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. You may reuse it elsewhere.
• Right to object: You may ask us at any time to stop processing your personal data, and we will do so if we are relying on a legitimate interest to process your personal data — unless we demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing or if we are processing your personal data for direct marketing.
• Right to withdraw consent: If we rely on your consent to process your personal data, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. This will not affect the lawfulness of processing of your data before we received notice that you wished to withdraw your consent.
• Right to lodge a complaint with the data protection authority: If you have a concern about our privacy practices, including the way we handled your personal data, you can report it to the UK data protection authority (the Information Commissioner’s Office or ICO), or, as the case may be, any other competent data protection authority of an EU member state that is authorised to hear those concerns (you may find EU Data Protection Authorities’ contact information here).
If you wish to exercise any of these rights please contact us as described in the “Contact” section below. We may also need to ask you for further information to verify your identity before we can respond to any request.
8. CONTACT
Questions, comments or requests regarding this Privacy Policy should be addressed to David Parkinson at Ham Manor Golf Club, West Drive, Angmering on Sea, West Sussex BN16 4JE
© 2020 Ham Manor Golf Club · Website maintained by Samson Web Design
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
This site uses cookies to enhance your experience of our website.
If you continue we assume you are happy for us to do so. Find out more.Ok, thanks