http://www.golden-castle.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Contact us now
07941 049485
07890 236928
01873812649 office
info@golden-castle.co.uk
Privacy Policy
We undertake to comply with the terms of our privacy policy which is annexed to these terms and conditions.
How we handle e-mails
We will preserve the content of any e-mail you send us if we believe we have the legal requirement to do so. Your e-mail message content may be monitored by us for trouble-shooting or maintenance purposes or if any form of e-mail abuse is suspected.
Security of Information
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed as totally secure. Whilst we strive to protect such information, we do not warrant and cannot ensure the security of any information which you transmit to us. Accordingly, any information which you transmit to us is transmitted at your own risk. Nevertheless, once we receive your transmission, we will take reasonable steps to preserve the security of such information.
Termination of Access
Access to this web site and our services may be terminated at any time by us without notice. Members may terminate his/her or its access at any time. Any outstanding fees and charges become immediately payable and will be calculated at the set rate for the remainder of the current month. Our disclaimer and indemnity nevertheless survive any such termination.
General
We accept no liability for any failure to comply with these terms and conditions where such failure is due to circumstance beyond our reasonable control.
If we waive any rights available to us under these terms and conditions on one occasion, this does not mean that those rights will automatically be waived on any other occasion.
If any of these terms and conditions are held to be invalid, unenforceable or illegal for any reason, the remaining terms and conditions shall nevertheless continue in full force.
To Return to the Web Site or Member Services
By returning to the web site, you acknowledge that you have read, understood and accept the above terms of use.
We collect e-mail addresses. Unless you object, this information may be used: to send news, information about our activities and general promotional material which we believe may be useful to you, to to monitor who is accessing the web site or using services offered on the web site; and to to profile the type of people accessing the web site.
If you do not wish to have your personal information used in this manner or for any other specific purpose, you can e-mail us accordingly.
We will not sell or otherwise provide your personal information to a third party (unless compelled by law), or make any other use of your personal information, for any purpose which is not incidental to your use of this web site. For the removal of doubt, personal information will not be used for any purpose which a reasonable person in your position would not expect.
If you request us not to use personal information in a particular manner or at all, we will adopt all reasonable measures to observe your request but we may still use or disclose that information if:
we subsequently notify you of the intended use or disclosure and you do not object to that use or disclosure;
we believe that the use or disclosure is reasonably necessary to assist a law enforcement agency or an agency responsible for government or public security in the performance of their functions; or
we are required by law to disclose the information.
We will preserve the content of any e-mail you send us if we believe we have the legal requirement to do so.
Your e-mail message content may be monitored by us for trouble-shooting or maintenance purposes or if any form of e-mail abuse is suspected.
Personal information which we collect may be aggregated for analysis but in such circumstances we would ensure that individuals would remain anonymous.
All personal information which we collect (including your contact details and, if relevant, credit card details) is kept confidential to the best of our ability. You will appreciate, however, that we cannot guarantee the security of transmission.
You are entitled to have access to any personal information relating to you which you have previously supplied to us over this web site. You are entitled to edit or delete such information unless we are required by law to retain it.
If you wish to comment on or query our privacy policy, or if you wish to make an enquiry regarding any personal information relating to you which may be in our possession, please phone 01873 812 649.