https://www.gobike.org/about-us/privacypolicy
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Our privacy policy sets out how GoBike uses and protects any information and data. GoBike may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page on occasion to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
At GoBike we take the matter of privacy very seriously. We see the effects of spam email every day in our inboxes and this is why any information we collect from you, either in the form of membership subscription or signing up to our email list, will be protected.
We will comply with General Data Protection Regulation ((EU) 2016/679) (GDPR). Personal information we hold about you will be:
Used lawfully, fairly and in a transparent way.
Collected only for valid purposes that we have clearly explained to you and not used in any way that is incompatible with those purposes.
Relevant to the purposes we have told you about and limited only to those purposes.
Accurate and kept up to date.
Kept only as long as necessary for the purposes we have told you about.
Kept securely.
What information do we collect?
We collect personal information about you when you join GoBike as a member, or register to our mailing list. The personal information we collect is:
your name and email address
any other personal data relating to you that you provide to us when you join as a member
How we manage your data
Membership
We manage your membership through https://membermojo.co.uk/gobike/membership
This platform provides the tools and controls that enable us to be GDPR compliant for managing personal member data. This includes:
What personal data is stored – we only define the personal data (membership form) that needs to be held by GoBike to enable us to engage with you effectively.
Gaining consent – we include an ‘accept terms’ fields that you must tick before completing the sign up to enable us to ensure we have consent to contact you.
How long data is kept for – data is automatically deleted 12 months after your membership lapses.
This platform also provides functions that assist members in exercising their individual rights under GDPR such as:
Right to access – members can sign in to view their own personal data.
Right to rectification – members can sign in and amend their own personal data.
Right to erasure – administrators can securely delete personal data for members requesting their data be erased. Erasing a member will remove their member record and anonymise any activity.
Mailing List
GoBike has an email list used to keep people interested non-members informed. Our email subscriptions are managed through MailChimp. This platform provide the tools and controls that enable us to be GDPR compliant for managing the personal data stored for our email lists which includes:
What personal data is stored – for the email lists GoBike only stores first name / last name / email address.
Gaining consents – to be part of the email list you must complete a sign up form.
How long data is kept for – as soon as you unsubscribe the data is removed from our list.
It also provides functions that assist members in exercising their individual rights under GDPR such as:
Right to access – clicking the preferences link at the bottom of any email enables you to see what is stored.
Right to rectification – the preferences link enables you to edit the information held.
Right to erasure – clicking unsubscribe link at the bottom of any email enables the data to be deleted from our list.
Please note that GoBike no longer has a physical mailing list for non members.
Sharing of your information
We do not share your data with any 3rd Parties. Contact with members or those on our mailing list will be from GoBike only.
Your rights:
You have the following rights in regard to the information we hold about you:
the right to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you;
the right to request the rectification and/or erasure of your personal data;
the right to restrict the use of your personal data;
the right to object to the processing of your personal data; and,
the right to require us to transmit that data to another controller.
How to Contact Us:
If you have any questions or would like to exercise any of your rights in relation to your personal data, please contact us at:
by email
or write to us at: GoBike Strathclyde Cycle Campaign, PO Box 15175, Glasgow, G4 9LP
Share this:FacebookTwitterEmail
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Cancel
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.