http://www.rollmassif.com/privacy-policy/
Pocket Outdoor Media Privacy Policy
Last Revised: 6/12/2020
This Privacy Policy describes how Pocket Outdoor Media, Inc., ClippedIn Events, LLC, and their affiliates (collectively, “Pocket Outdoor Media,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) collects, uses, shares, and safeguards personal information.  This Privacy Policy also tells you about your rights and choices with respect to your personal information, and how you can reach us to get answers to your questions.  You can jump to particular topics by going to the headings below:
Types Of Information We Collect.
Use And Processing Of Information.
Sharing Of Information.
Your Choices.
How We Protect Personal Information.
Miscellaneous.
Contact Information.
Types Of Information We Collect.
The following provides examples of the type of information that we collect from you and how we use that information.
Context
Types of Data
Primary Purpose for Collection and Use of Data
Account Registration
We collect your name and contact information when you create an account.  We also collect information relating to the actions that you perform while logged into your account.
We use this information to provide account related functionalities to our users. Accounts can be used for easy checkout and to save your preferences and transaction history.
Client Information
We collect the name, and contact information, of our clients and their employees with whom we may interact.
We have a legitimate interest in contacting our clients and communicating with them concerning normal business administration such as projects, services, and billing.
Cookies and first party tracking
We use cookies and clear GIFs. “Cookies” are small pieces of information that a website sends to a computer’s hard drive while a website is viewed. See our Cookie Policy for more information.
We use this information to ensure our website operates efficiently.
Cookies and Third Party Tracking
We participate in behavior-based advertising, this means that a third party uses technology (e.g., a cookie) to collect information about your use of our website so that they can provide advertising about products and services tailored to your interests on our website, or on other websites.  See our Cookie Policy for more information.
We use this information to engage in behavior-based advertising and capture website analytics.
Demographic Information
We may collect personal information, such as your age, location, and gender.
We use this information to comply with applicable laws.
Email Interconnectivity
If you receive email from us, we use certain tools to capture data related to when you open our message, click on any links or banners it contains and make purchases.
We use this information to understand how you interact with our communications to you.
Employment
If you apply for a job posting, or become an employee, we collect information necessary to process your application or to retain you as an employee.  This may include, among other things, your Social Security Number.  Providing this information is required for employment.
We use information about current employees to carry out our payment and benefits obligations.  In some contexts, we are also required by law to collect information about our employees.  We also use this information to have efficient staffing and workforce operations.
Feedback/Support
If you provide us feedback or contact us for support we will collect your name and e-mail address, as well as any other content that you send to us, in order to reply.
We use this information in order to receive, and act upon, your feedback or issues.
Fitness Information
When you allow a fitness app to share your personal information with us, we may collect, among other things, your name, email address, and fitness information.
We use this information to provide a more personalized experience with our Services and to deliver more relevant products and content.
Mailing List
When you sign up for one of our mailing lists we collect your email address or postal address.
We share information about our products and services with individuals that consent to receive such information.  We also use this information to share information about our products or services.
Mobile Devices
We collect information from your mobile device such as unique identifying information broadcast from your device when visiting our website.
We use this information to identify unique visitors and understand how users interact with us on their mobile devices.
Order Placement
We collect your name, billing address, shipping address, e-mail address, phone number, and credit card number when you place an order.
We use your information to perform our contract to provide you with products or services.
Partner Promotion
We collect information that you provide as part of a co-branded promotion with another company.
We use this information to fulfil our promotions.
Surveys
When you participate in a survey we collect information that you provide through the survey.  If the survey is provided by a third party service provider, the third party’s privacy policy applies to the collection, use, and disclosure of your information.
We use this information to understand your opinions and collect information relevant to our organization.
Sweepstakes or contests
When you participate in a sweepstakes or contest we collect information about you which includes contact information to notify you if you are selected.
We use this information to operate the sweepstakes.  In some contexts we are also required by law to collect information about those that enter into our sweepstakes.
Website interactions
We use technology to monitor how you interact with our website. This may include which links you click on, or information that you type into our online forms.  This may also include information about your device or browser.
We use this information to understand how you interact with our website to better improve it, and to understand your preferences and interests in order to select offerings that you might find most useful.  We also have a legitimate interest in detecting and preventing fraud.
Web logs
We collect information, including your browser type, operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address (a number that is automatically assigned to a computer when the Internet is used), domain name, click-activity, referring website, and/or a date/time stamp for visitors.
We use this information to monitor our networks and the visitors to our websites.  Among other things, it helps us understand which of our products or services is the most popular.
In addition to the information that we collect from you directly, we may also receive information about you from other sources, including third parties, business partners, our affiliates, or publicly available sources.  For example, if you submit a job application, or become an employee, we may conduct a background check.
Cookie Policy
The POM websites may use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize POM pages, or register with POM sites or services, a cookie helps POM to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same POM websites, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the POM features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the POM services or websites you visit. Your browser may also allow you to delete cookies.
Use And Processing Of Information.
In addition to the purposes and uses described above, we use information in the following ways:
To identify you when you visit our websites.
To provide products and services or to process returns.
To improve our services and product offerings.
To streamline the checkout process.
To conduct analytics.
To respond to inquiries related to support, employment opportunities, or other requests.
To send marketing and promotional materials, including information relating to our products, services, sales, or promotions.
For internal administrative purposes, as well as to manage our relationships.
Although the sections above describe our primary purpose in collecting your information, in many situations we have more than one purpose.  As a result, our collection and processing of your information is based in different contexts upon your consent, our need to perform a contract, our obligations under law, and/or our general interest in conducting our business.
Sharing Of Information.
In addition to the specific situations discussed elsewhere in this policy, we disclose information in the following situations:
Affiliates and Acquisitions. We may share information with our corporate affiliates (e.g., parent company, sister companies, subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under common control).  If another company acquires, or plans to acquire, our company, business, or our assets, we will also share information with that company, including at the negotiation stage.
Other Disclosures with Your Consent.  We may ask if you would like us to share your information with other unaffiliated third parties who are not described elsewhere in this policy.
Other Disclosures without Your Consent. We may disclose information in response to subpoenas, warrants, or court orders, or in connection with any legal process, or to comply with relevant laws.  We may also share your information in order to establish or exercise our rights, to defend against a legal claim, to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding possible illegal activities, suspected fraud, safety of person or property, or a violation of our policies, or to comply with your request for the shipment of products to or the provision of services by a third party intermediary.
Public.  Some of our websites may provide the opportunity to post comments, or reviews, in a public forum.  If you decide to submit information on these pages, that information may be publically available.
Partner Promotion. We may offer contests, sweepstakes, or other promotions with third party partners.  If you decide to enter a contest, sweepstakes, or promotion that is sponsored by a third party partner the information that you provide will be shared with us and with them.  Their use of your information is not governed by this privacy policy.
Service Providers. We may share your information with service providers.  Among other things service providers may help us to administer our website, conduct surveys, provide technical support, process payments, and assist in the fulfillment of orders.
Your Choices.
You can make the following choices regarding your personal information:
Access To Your Personal Information. You may request access to your personal information by contacting us at the address described below. If required by law, upon request, we will grant you reasonable access to the personal information that we have about you. Note that California residents may be entitled to ask us for a notice describing what categories of personal information (if any) we share with third parties or affiliates for direct marketing.
Changes To Your Personal Information. We rely on you to update and correct your personal information.  Most of our websites allow you to modify or delete your account profile.  If our website does not permit you to update or correct certain information, you contact us at the address described below in order to request that your information by modified. Note that we may keep historical information in our backup files as permitted by law.
Deletion Of Your Personal Information.   Typically we retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. You may, however, request that we delete your personal information through our Contact Us page or at the address described below.  If required by law we will grant a request to delete information, but you should note that in many situations we must keep your personal information to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, or for another one of our business purposes.
Objection to Certain Processing.  You may object to our use or disclosure of your personal information by contacting us at the address described below.
Online Tracking.  We do not currently recognize automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms, which may include “Do Not Track” instructions.
Promotional Emails. You may choose to provide us with your email address for the purpose of allowing us to send free newsletters, surveys, offers, and other promotional materials to you, as well as targeted offers from third parties.  You can stop receiving promotional emails by following the unsubscribe instructions in e-mails that you receive.  If you decide not to receive promotional emails, we may still send you service related communications.
Promotional Mailings.  If at any time you do not want to receive offers and/or circulars from us you can remove yourself from our mailing lists by emailing us at the address described below with “NO SNAIL MAIL” in the subject line along with your name, address and zip code. Please note that our mailings are prepared in advance of their being sent. Although we will remove your name from our mailing list after receiving your request, you may still receive mailings from us that had been initiated prior to your name being removed.
Promotional Text Messages.  If you receive a text message from us that contains promotional information you can opt-out of receiving future text messages by replying “STOP.”
Revocation Of Consent.  If you revoke your consent for the processing of personal information then we may no longer be able to provide you services. In some cases, we may limit or deny your request to revoke consent if the law permits or requires us to do so, or if we are unable to adequately verify your identity. You may revoke consent to processing (where such processing is based upon consent) by contacting us at the address described below.
Please address written requests and questions about your rights to PrivacyConcerns@PocketOutdoorMedia.com or call us at (800) 380-9824. You may receive a copy of the personal information that we hold about you through our online portal.
Note that, as required by law, we will require you to prove your identity.  We may conduct an identity verification by phone call or email. Depending on your request, we will ask for information such as your name, the last item you purchased from us, or the date of your last purchase from us. We may also ask you to provide a signed declaration confirming your identity. Following a request, we will use reasonable efforts to supply, correct or delete personal information about you in our files.
How We Protect Personal Information
No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is fully secure. While we use reasonable efforts to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information. In the event that we are required by law to inform you of a breach to your personal information we may notify you electronically, in writing, or by telephone, if permitted to do so by law.
Some of our websites permit you to create an account.  When you do you will be prompted to create a password.  You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password, and you are responsible for any access to or use of your account by someone else that has obtained your password, whether or not such access or use has been authorized by you.  You should notify us of any unauthorized use of your password or account.
Miscellaneous
The following additional information relates to our privacy practices:
Transmission Of Information To Other Countries. As a multi-national company we transmit information between and among our affiliates.  As a result your information may be processed in a foreign country where privacy laws may be less stringent than the laws in your country.  Nonetheless, where possible we take steps to treat personal information using the same privacy principles that apply pursuant to the law of the country in which we first received your information.  By submitting your personal information to us you agree to the transfer, storage and processing of your information in a country other than your country of residence including, but not necessarily limited to, the United States.  If you would like more information concerning our attempts to apply the privacy principles applicable in one jurisdiction to data when it goes to another jurisdiction you can contact us using the contact information below.
Third Party Applications/Websites.  We have no control over the privacy practices of websites or applications that we do not own.
Changes To This Privacy Policy.  We may change our privacy policy and practices over time.  To the extent that our policy changes in a material way, the policy that was in place at the time that you submitted personal information to us will generally govern that information unless we receive your consent to the new privacy policy.  We will note the effective date of the latest version at the beginning of the Privacy Policy.
Information for California Residents.  California Civil Code Sections 1798.115(c), 1798.130(a)(5)(c), 1798.130(c), and 1798.140 indicate that organizations should disclose whether certain categories of information are collected, “sold” or transferred for an organization’s “business purpose”(as those terms are defined under California law).  You can find a list of the categories of information that we collect and share here. Please note that because this list is comprehensive it may refer to types of information that we share about people other than yourself. If you would like more information concerning the categories of personal information (if any) we share with third parties or affiliates for those parties to use for direct marketing please submit a written request to us using the information in the “Contact Information” section below.  We do not discriminate against California residents who exercise any of their rights described in this Privacy Policy.
Contact InformationIf you have any questions, comments, or complaints concerning our privacy practices please use our Contact Us page to reach out via phone or email contact us at the appropriate address below.  We will attempt to respond to your requests and to provide you with additional privacy-related information.
Effective Date: June 12, 2020