http://www.sydneydragway.com.au/privacy-policy/
Home
Venue
About our Venue
Accommodation
Board of Directors
Corporate Hospitality
Track Hire & Venue Hire Contact
Events
FAQs
News
ADVERTISE
Advertise at our venue
Competitors
ATURA NSW Drag Racing Championship Series Information
ATTENTION ALL ATURA COMPETITORS-March 17, 2020
Results & Records
2020 ATURA NSW Champs Points
2019 NSW CHAMPS POINTS
2018 NSW Champs Points
2017 NSW Champs Points
2016 NSW Champs Points
2015 NSW Champs Points
Track Records
Weather
1320go
IHRA Australia Information
400 Thunder Information
Fuels Permitted - LEADED FUEL BAN
Competitor Guidelines & Regulations
Contact
Volunteer Officials
Venue Policies
Partners
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Sydney Dragway may collect, hold, use and disclose your personal information in a number of different ways.  However, we are committed to ensuring that your personal information is protected.
Our Privacy Policy provides you with general information about how Sydney Dragway manages your personal information. When you purchase or acquire a product or service from us you will receive further information about our privacy practices in a privacy statement or other form of privacy disclosure.
Sydney Dragway is covered by the National Privacy Principles (NPPs), as set out in the Privacy Act 1988 (as amended). The NPPs govern the way that we collect, use, disclose, secure and provide access to personal information.
To comply with our obligations under the NPPs, Sydney Dragway has a Privacy Policy, which sets out how we manage personal information.
Sydney Dragway will review this policy from time to time, in order to update and continually improve our processes. If this policy is amended at any time, the updated version will be posted online at http://www.sydneydragway.com.au/privacy-policy.
Purpose of the policy
The purpose of this policy is to let you know how Sydney Dragway manages your personal information - that is, how we collect personal information, the purposes for which we use this information and to whom this information is disclosed.
This document describes Sydney Dragway's policy regarding information received about you during visits to our Website. The amount and type of information received depends on how you use our site. This Website contains links to other sites and this privacy statement is for this Website only, we encourage you to read the privacy statements of each website that may collect your personally identifiable information.
Normal website use
The only information we collect and store using normal website usage is the name of your internet service address, the date and time of your visit to the site; the pages accessed and documents downloaded; and the referring web page. We use this information to generate statistics and measure site activity to improve the usefulness of customer visits.
Note: no attempt will be made to identify individual users with their browsing activities, except in the unlikely event of an investigation, where the law enforcement agency may warrant to inspect the Internet log files.
Collection of personal information
We only collect personal information that is necessary for us to organise the event and by means that are fair and lawful. When practicable, personal information will only be collected from the individual concerned.
Sydney Dragway records information from persons who use our website to complete competitor registration or to purchase tickets or merchandise. This information is collected for business purposes. The types of information we keep on record will depend on the type of survey you complete or the product or service you request. Generally, we keep a record of the following types of information about you:
Information that you have provided which may identify you, such as your name, email address and contact details which you enter in registering for a product, service or competition on our Website;
Information that you have provided for Sydney Dragway's internet services, such as Online Entries, Online Ticketing, Online purchases or subscribing to the E-Newsletters.
We require a certain amount of personally identifying information (ie. name, credit card number, address, phone number, email address) that we can use to verify and action your request.
It is not compulsory for you to provide us with your personal information which we have requested from you for us to perform a service for you, however, without the specified information, we may not be able to fulfil your request or provide you with the service you require.
Like many websites, we sometimes use "cookies", which are alphanumeric identifier text files that we transfer to your computer's hard drive through your web browser to enable our systems to recognise your browser and to provide features such as storage of preferences and recording of session information. Cookies may also be used to record non-personal information such as the date, time or duration of your visit, or the pages accessed, for website administration, statistical and maintenance purposes. Any such information will be aggregated and not linked to particular individuals. The default settings of browsers like Netscape and Internet Explorer always allow cookies, but users can easily erase cookies from their hard-drive, block all cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. Please note that some parts of this Website may not function fully for users that disallow cookies.
If you attend an event at Sydney Dragway, you may be photographed, filmed and recorded as a member of the Event audience.
Use and disclosure of information collected
Sydney Dragway will only use or disclose your personal information for the primary purpose of collection, or a related purpose, or where we are required or permitted to do so by law or where you have provided consent. Generally, these purposes include carrying out or responding to your requests, fulfilling orders, improving our services, communicating with you, purposes relating to any third party acquisition or potential acquisition of an interest in Sydney Dragway or its assets, or any other purposes outlined at the time you provide the information. We may not be able to do these things without your personal information.
All information disclosed to Sydney Dragway may be accessed by authorised Sydney Dragway staff who may access your information to fulfil your request.
Sydney Dragway may disclose your personal information to service providers who assist us in providing our services and conducting our business including organisations that provide archival, auditing, professional advice, payment processing, mail house, delivery, recruitment, technology, utility, security and research services. We will not disclose your information to any direct marketing agencies for their marketing purposes without your consent.
Unless otherwise agreed with Sydney Dragway, you consent to Sydney Dragway and third parties using images and recordings of you at the event for broadcast, publication and licensing without compensation or acknowledgement. These images and recordings may also be used and disclosed for purposes related to security, safety and law enforcement.
Data quality and security
Sydney Dragway will endeavour to ensure that the personal information we hold about you is complete, accurate and up to date. In order to assist us to achieve this, it is important that you advise us if your details change.
We will also take all reasonable steps to protect personal information from loss, misuse, or unauthorised access.
Some of the steps we have taken to protect the security of your personal information include:
Computer and network security including passwords and other electronic barriers
Physical restrictions on access to personal information such as security doors
Policies for destroying or permanently de-identifying personal information no longer required (subject to legal requirements for retaining certain records)
Secure internal information handling processes
While we take great care to protect your personal information on our Website, the unfortunate nature of the Internet is such that no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Accordingly, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you send to us or receive from us online. This is particularly true for information you send to us via email. We have no way of protecting that information until it reaches us. Once we receive your transmission, we make our best effort to ensure its security in our possession.
If you make a purchase using your credit card through our Website, we engage a third party to process your payment and we do not handle or store your credit card details at all. Our payment gateway provider has systems to protect the security of credit card details including encryption, database replication and regular audits.
Access to personal information
In the appropriate circumstances, we will provide you access to the personal information that is held about you. Access may involve permitting you to inspect or take notes or make photocopies of your personal information.
Requests for access to your personal information should be in writing to the General Manager.
To obtain access you will have to provide proof of your identity. This is necessary so that we can ensure that your personal information is not disclosed to any other person.
In some circumstances, we may not be able to provide access to your personal information. If this occurs, we will provide you with a written explanation.
There is generally no fee for access to personal information. However, in some cases a reasonable fee may be charged in order to recover costs if information has to be retrieved from archives or a large quantity of information has been requested.
We will respond to all requests for access within 14 days.
Compliant process
If you have any concerns about the way your personal information has been managed by Sydney Dragway you may make a complaint in writing and mail it to:
The General Manager
Sydney Dragway Po Box 6306
Wetherill Park DC, NSW, 1851
All complaints will be investigated within 14 days of receiving your complaint. If Sydney Dragway has not handled your personal information in a way that is consistent with the NPPs then we will take steps to remedy this immediately.
This policy was last updated on 28th October 2014.
Get the Sydney Dragway e-letter for news on events & more!
Site design by The Web Showroom | Site Map | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy |
Unsubscribe
© 2013 Sydney Dragway