https://www.latriclub.com/privacy
Photos
Videos
Club News & Press
Store
Home
About LATC
Our Mission
The LA Tri Club provides a network of information, support services, training & racing activities, friendship and fun for all ages and abilities.
Learn more about what drives LATC.
Membership Benefits
Members enjoy unparalleled training, education, competition support, and social activities. PLUS enjoy the best sponsor discounts!
Check out membership benefit details.
Leadership
Dedication, perseverance, and unwavering commitment to our sport and club members best describes our incredible leadership team.
Meet our leadership team.
Other Links
Club History
20 years of experience and strength
- that's a powerful combination.
Club News and Press
The latest from LATC.
LATC Hall of Fame
Some of the sport's greatest multisport athletes are LATC members.
Sponsorship Opportunities
Support LATC Triathletes
- the best in LA and beyond!
Calendar
Master Calendar
Our Calendar contains a listing of LA Tri Club workouts, clinics/seminars, socials, races and sponsor-led clinics/seminars, workouts, events, etc.
View to the master calendar.
Train
We're working hard to deliver MORE coaching opportunities, camps, clinics, SAG rides, and training tools for our members across greater LA.
Access LA's best training.
Race
LA Tri Club is race ready! Check out all SoCal racing activities in our race calendar, and be on the lookout for our awesome Pit Crew at select races.
Race Planner.Race Calendar.
Charity and Social
LA Tri Club provides monthly social opportunities and community events, like our yearly Coast 2 Coast Swim Challenge charity event.
Let's play! See what's coming up.
Train | Clinics
LATC Training and Clinics
The LA Tri Club provides a network of information, support services, training & racing activities, friendship and fun for all ages and abilities with hundreds of monthly training options. From recreational to competitive racers, our educational and training sessions help members set and achieve their goals.
Club Workouts
The LA Tri Club's training calendar is chock full of swimming, biking, and running opportunities to participate in.
Member-led Workouts
Special Event Workouts
Lecture + Clinic Series
Training Tools
Spend your time training and racing. We have the tools and guides to get you on your feet and meeting your goals!
Triathlon 101 Guide + Swim | Bike | Run
Members Only: Strava Stat Tools
Members Only: Find Training Partners
Other Links
Training Calendar
Locate training opportunities near you.
Triathlon 101
We all need to start somewhere.
LATC Training Groups
Join a group - Trichicks, LGBT, etc.
Coaching Recommendations
Members - Connect with a Coach.
Race
Racing
Whether you are a recreational triathlete taking on Sprint or Olympic races or a competitive athlete racing a 70.3 or Ironman, we all need the support of our fellow club members! Plus our legendary Pit Crew and Cheer Team are at key races to keep you in sight of your PB.
Featured Races - 2019
While LATC is present at multiple racing events in Southern California, we go all out for 8 key races. Join us!
Overview
Sign Up
Volunteer
Race Rewards
Celebrating our members and their accomplishments for 15 years. Learn more about our reward programs.
Race Rewards
Race Derby
Members Only: Update My Progress
Other Links
Race Calendar
The who, what, where of racing.
Race Rules
If you're gonna play, know the rules!
Race Checklist
The definitive list of pre-race preparations.
Sponsor and Partnership Opportunities
Align your business with LA Tri Club.
Members
Login
Username
Password
Remember Me
Log in
Create an account
Forgot your member number?
Forgot your password?
Renew Membership
Reactivate Membership
Connect
Polls/RSVP
Join in on the action!
Find Other Members
Active member profiles.
LATC Secure Email
Reach out to fellow members.
Follow Us!
Swim. Bike. Run. Play!
Race Planning / Tracking
Set goals. Make plans. Get to work.
Find Training Partners
Train with members in your area.
Strava Stats Tools
Performance tools at your fingertips!
Save
Sponsor Discounts
Get race entry, product & service discounts.
Member Classifieds
Your marketplace to buy and sell Tri gear.
LATC Store
LATC team kits, accessories, tees and more!
Member
Home Members
Orientation
Join LATC
Join
Whether you are an experienced triathlete, or are new to the triathlon scene, LA Tri Club offers countless benefits and support for members of ALL AGES and ABILITIES. Whatever your goal we’re here for you.
Be part of a legendary team. Join today!
Renew
Ready to sign on for another year or two? Stick around and be part of what promises to be an epic 15th year! Simply updated your account to retain your LATC member benefits.
Stay the course. Renew in minutes.
Reactivate
Did your membership recently lapse? Reconnect with LATC and the multi-sport community by signing on with LATC again. Rekindle your passion and get back out there with your team.
Recommit by reactivating now.
Top 5 Reasons to Join LATC
Member CentricWe care about every member experience.
Workouts that fit your scheduleDozens of weekly training opportunities.
Individual SuccessWhatever your goals, we help you success.
Community ConnectionDon't go it alone. We've got your back.
Killer DiscountsThe best vetted products, services & races!
Sponsorships
Overview
LATC seeks sponsors who are passionate in equipping our members with the best products, services, and guidance that support their ongoing and growing goals through natural dialogs, not just one-way marketing.
For Businesses
We create the perfect combination of tools and initiatives to promote your brand directly to our active buyers of your products and services.
Get the details on our sponsor page.
For Coaches
Our win-win, zero cost program - Create relationships with multi-sport athletes by providing leadership for LATC Group Training activities.
Contact us for details.
Top 3 Reasons To Sponsor LATC
Triathlon is HOT!Aligning your product with a sports property as dynamic, driven, and intense as triathlon brings a strong dimension to your brand.
We’re entrenchedLA Tri Club is the core and hub of multi-sport in the Los Angeles.
LATC sponsorship is scalableWith excellent opportunities for small businesses to corporations, we have a sponsorship level that works for you!
Contact
Locate Us
Mailing address:
2801 Ocean Park Blvd. #180
Santa Monica, California 90405
Find Us
Instagram:
instagram.com/latriclub
Facebook:
facebook.com/latriclubpage
Twitter:
twitter.com/latriclub
Flikr:
flickr.com/photos/latriclub
YouTube:
youtube.com/user/LATRICLUB
Contact Us
Paul Hekimian, Founder & President
paul@latriclub.com
310.344.1811
Larry Turkheimer
Founder & Coast 2 Coast Swim Director
larry@latriclub.com
Jessica Tarabay, New Membership Manager
Jessica@latriclub.com
Erick Delgado, New Membership Manager
Erick@latriclub.com
Learn More
Calendar
Training, Racing and Social Engagements.
Media Inquiries
We have thousands of stories.
News and Press
Check out the latest from LATC
Sponsor LA Tri Club
Partner with LA Tri Club!
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
LA Tri Club, Inc.
LATriClub.com
Privacy Statement
Your privacy and security are important to us. Because we gather certain types of information about The LA Tri Club, Inc. ("LA Tri Club") users, we feel you should fully understand the terms and conditions surrounding the capture and use of that information. This privacy statement discloses what information we gather and how we use it. Questions regarding this statement should be directed to privacy@latriclub.com. NOTE: LA Tri Club cannot accept information from individuals who are under 14 years of age without first obtaining express parental consent.
1. Capture and Use of Information.
Registration
If you participate in interactive activities (registration, message boards, member activities, email, forums, e-commerce, etc.) on LA Tri Club, you may be asked to register for a password and/or to provide information on submission forms. Unique identifiers, such as IDs and passwords, are collected to verify your identity and for use in our record system. Your contact information may also be used to contact you when necessary for service reasons. Financial information that is collected is used only to bill you for products and services that you specifically request.
Cookies
"Cookies" are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. Generally, cookies work by assigning to your computer a unique number that has no meaning outside of our site. Our cookies do not contain any personally identifying information; we use them to provide features such as personalization, to save your member ID, and to keep track of your shopping cart. We may also use cookies to assist us in delivering content specific to your interests. Additionally, after you've entered your member ID and password on our service, we save that information so you don't have to re-enter it repeatedly. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser to prevent that. Not accepting cookies may make certain features of LA Tri Club unavailable to you.
IP Address
We may use your IP address to identify you and your shopping cart, to administer our Web site, and to assist in diagnosing problems with our server.
2. Additional Uses of Information
All of the information we collect, both what you tell us and what we collect through the use of cookies, is used to personalize your account, to customize our services and to allow us to contact you when necessary. It is LA Tri Club's policy not to release any personally identifying information about you without your consent (usually obtained through an "opt-out" option that you may select when providing the information or by updating your private profile). In most cases, information will be released only on an aggregated basis (meaning that the information from many LA Tri Club users is grouped together in a way that does not disclose the personal information of any particular user). We may use contact information that you provide to send you information about LA Tri Club and promotional material from some of our partners. LA Tri Club will disclose personal information about an individual user if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to comply with an applicable law or valid legal process.
Special Note for Users Accessing LA Tri Club within a Frame
LA Tri Club has partnered with various web sites ("Framing Sites"), allowing users of those Framing Sites to register for events and to otherwise use the LA Tri Club services within a frame and without leaving the Framing Site. In some cases, LA Tri Club has agreed to provide to the Framing Site personal information collected from people who make use of the LA Tri Club services from the Framing Site (that is, within a frame and without leaving the Framing Site). In these cases, please be aware that the Framing Site operates independently from, and may have privacy and security policies wholly different from, LA Tri Club. If you wish to make use of the LA Tri Club services, but do not wish to have your information shared with third parties, please access our services directly, and not from a Framing Site.
3. General Privacy Information.
LA Tri Club makes various public forums (such as message boards, email networks, or news groups) available to its users. When you disclose personal information in such public forums, that information can be collected and used by others in various ways, including by sending unsolicited messages. You are solely responsible for any postings you make on public forums on LA Tri Club, and for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords and/or any account information. Please be careful and responsible whenever you're online. Further, the LA Tri Club web site contains links to sponsors, advertisers and third party Internet sites and services that may collect data in connection with registrations, promotions, e-commerce, etc. LA Tri Club is also linked to by, and in some cases framed by, certain partner web sites. Each of the web sites (linked from LA Tri Club, or linking to LA Tri Club) each have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of LA Tri Club, and LA Tri Club has no responsibility or liability for these independent policies or actions and is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
4. Security.
LA Tri Club uses a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. Credit card numbers are encrypted in LA Tri Club's secure database which is located behind a firewall. Personal information collected on LA Tri Club is stored in a secure operating environment that is not available to the public. All credit card and registration information supplied by users is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology. LA Tri Club conducts regular site-security audits.
5. Protecting Yourself.
You can help to protect your information by safeguarding your LA Tri Club password and member ID, using caution and discretion when posting information on public areas of the LA Tri Club Web site, and by learning more about internet privacy from Web sites such as TRUSTe (www.truste.com).
About Us: More Links
Benefits
Why join LA's best multi-sport experience? Let us count the ways…
Leadership
The dedicated men and women who guide our club.
Club News and Press
The latest happenings of LATC - Read all about it!
Sponsors & Partners
Our Mission
For athletes in Los Angeles and across the globe, LA Tri Club provides a network of information, support services, training & racing activities, friendship & fun for all ages and abilities.
Club Info
About LATC
Training & Clinics
Featured Races
Photos and Video
New to Triathlons?
Member Links
Member Benefits
Polls/RSVP
Member Directory
Strava Stat Tools
Sponsor Discounts
Community
Train: Member-led Workouts
Race: Rewards
Social: First Thursdays
Charity: Coast 2 Coast Swim
Sell: Member Classifieds
Contact
info@latriclub.com
Leadership Team
Media Inquiries
Sponsorship Opportunities
Copyright © 1999 - 2020 LA Tri Club. All Rights Reserved.
Read our privacy policy
LA Tri Club
×
HomeAbout LATCCalendarTrain | ClinicsRace
MembersJoin LATCSponsorshipsContact