http://www.chicagobears.com/about/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy | Chicago Bears Official Website
Privacy Policy
Chicago Bears Privacy Policy
Effective Date: 06/01/2020
The Chicago Bears organization ("we," "our," "us") respects your privacy and values your trust and confidence. This privacy policy (the "Privacy Policy") applies to our website www.chicagobears.com, our mobile applications, the Chicago Bears Kids Club/Crib Club and online services that link to or post this Privacy Policy (collectively, the "Services"), and explains how we collect, use, and disclose information through the Services. It also describes your choices regarding use, access, and correction of your personal information. By using the Services, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy. Please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to any information that is collected or obtained through sites or services that do not link to this Privacy Policy (including the Team Shop) or information collected by the NFL or the other NFL member clubs (the "Member Clubs").
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.
Information Collection
Use of Information
Sharing of Information
Social Networking Services
Links To Other Web Sites
Security
Children's Privacy
Changes To This Privacy Policy
Access and Choice
Your California Privacy Rights
Third-Party Ad Serving and Audience and Traffic Measurement Services
Contact Us
1. Information Collection
You generally are not required to provide information about yourself when you visit or use the Services. However, we may ask you for some or all of the following types of information when you register with our Services, sign up for contests or sweepstakes, use a send-to-a-friend feature, participate in surveys, access various content or features, submit chatbot queries using the voice input option rather than the keyboard input option, submit comments or content, or directly contact us with questions or feedback:
Contact information, such as name, e-mail address, postal address, and telephone number;
Unique identifiers, such as a user name or password;
Demographic information, such as gender;
Financial information, such as credit card or other payment information;
Geolocation information;
Communications preferences;
Search queries;
Comments and other information posted in our interactive online forums;
Correspondence and other information that you send to us; and
When you download and use our Mobile Application, we automatically collect information on the type of device you use, operating system version, and the device identifier (UDID).
Text transcripts of queries submitted by voice to our chatbot (which is a computer program designed to simulate a conversation with a human customer service agent. The chatbot us used to answer consumer questions about tickets, gameday, current roster, Chicago Bears history, stats or facts. No personal data is collected or stored through the chatbot).
We also may collect certain information automatically when you visit or use the Services, including:
Your Internet Protocol (IP) address, which is the number automatically assigned to your computer whenever you access the Internet and that can sometimes be used to derive your general geographic area;
Other unique identifiers, including mobile device identification numbers;
Your browser type and operating system;
Sites you visited before and after visiting the Services;
Pages you view and links you click on within the Services;
Information collected through cookies, web beacons, local shared objects, and other technologies;
Information about your interactions with e-mail messages, such as the links clicked on and whether the messages were received, opened, or forwarded; and
Standard Server Log Information.
Technologies such as: cookies, beacons, tags and scripts are used by Chicago Bears and our partners affiliates, or analytics or service providers. These technologies are used in analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users' movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis. You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level, but if you choose to disable cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or functions on our website or service.
As is true of most web sites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information may include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data. We may combine this automatically collected log information with other information we collect about you. We do this to improve our marketing and analytics.
We use local storage objects (LSOs) to store content information and preferences. Third Parties, with whom we partner to provide certain features on our site or to display advertising based upon your Web browsing activity, may also use LSOs to collect and store information.
Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5 LSOs. To manage Flash LSOs please click here.
We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our Mobile Software on your phone. This software may record information such as how often you use the application, the events that occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance data, and where the application was downloaded from. We do not link the information we store within the analytics software to any personal information you submit within the mobile application.
We use on-device speech recognition to process user-spoken queries in our chatbot if the user elects to submit their question by voice rather than by manually typing their question using the keyboard. If the user elects this option, voice input data will be converted to text data at no time are the Services electronically recording or storing the user's voice. This voice-to-text data is used to answer questions and improve the user experience by helping us to identify questions in need of revised/additional answers, to develop new voice features, and to anonymously share information with service providers to improve the functionality of the chatbot.
2. Use of Information
We may use information that we collect through the Services for a variety of purposes, including to:
Provide you with the products, promotions, services, newsletters, and information you request and respond to correspondence that we receive from you;
Contact you via email and otherwise about your account, products, services, contests, and events that we think might be of interest to you;
Send you promotional material or special offers on our behalf or on behalf of our marketing partners and/or their respective affiliates and subsidiaries and other third parties.
Maintain or administer the Services, perform business analyses, analyze trends, or for other internal purposes to improve the quality of our business, the Services, and other products and services we offer;
Publish stories, comments, photos, and other information posted in our interactive online features;
Customize and personalize your use of the Services; and
As otherwise described to you at the point of collection or pursuant to your consent;
We collect your location based information for the purpose of determining whether you are inside of Soldier Field and eligible to view in-stadium video feeds. We will only share this information with our mapping provider for the sole purpose of providing you this service;
We send you push notifications from time-to-time in order to update you about any events or promotions that we may be running; and to provide team-related news including game scores, transactions and game day notices.
If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about season tickets, we will ask for your friend's name and email address, to send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site.
3. Sharing of Information
We are committed to maintaining your trust, and we want you to understand when and with whom we may share the information we collect. We will share your personal information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.
Service Providers: We may share your information with service providers that perform certain functions or services on our behalf (such as to host the Services, fulfill orders, provide products and services, manage databases; perform analyses, process credit card payments, provide customer service, or send communications for us). These third parties are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
Subsidiaries and Affiliates: We may share your information with all members of the NFL Family, including, without limitation, NFL Properties LLC, NFL International LLC, NFL Enterprises LLC, NFL Ventures, L.P., and NFL Ventures, Inc.
Select Business Partners: With your permission, we may share your information with select business partners so that they can provide you with special offers, promotional materials, and other materials that may be of interest to you. For example, you may be presented with an opportunity to have certain information shared with our third party business partners when you enter a contest or sweepstakes or elect to receive marketing offers or other information. If you do not elect to have your information shared, it will not be shared with such third parties. You can also contact us at fanservices@chicagobears.com to request your information not be shared with these third parties. We take measures to help ensure that our partners protect the confidentiality, integrity, and security of any information we share with them. However, we are not responsible for the privacy practices of our business partners, which may use your information for their own purposes.
Third-Party Ad Serving and Audience and Traffic Measurement Services: We may use third-parties to serve advertisements on the Services. These third parties may set their own cookies or similar web technologies to collect information about users' online activities over time and across different websites. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you interest-based ads, you may opt-out by clicking here. Please note you will continue to receive generic ads.
Business Transfer: If we sell all or part of our business, or make a sale or transfer of assets, or are otherwise involved in a merger or business transfer, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy, a business reorganization, or similar event, we may transfer your information as part of such transaction.
Administrative or Legal Process: We may disclose your information to third parties when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary in order to protect the legal rights, safety, and security of our organization, our corporate affiliates, subsidiaries, business partners, and the users of our Services; enforce our Terms of Use; respond to and resolve claims or complaints; prevent fraud or for risk management purposes; and comply with or respond to law enforcement or legal process or a request for cooperation by a government or other entity, whether or not legally required.
Other Parties With Your Express Consent: We may share information with third parties when you consent to such sharing. For example, if you win a contest or sweepstakes, we may ask your permission to publicly post certain information on the Services identifying you as the winner.
Aggregate Information: We may share aggregate information, such as demographic and usage statistics, with advertisers, sponsors or other organizations.
In addition, we may allow third parties to place and read their own cookies, web beacons, Local Shared Objects, and similar technologies to collect information through the Services. For example, our third-party service providers may use these technologies to collect information that helps us with traffic measurement, research, and analytics. You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level, but if you choose to disable cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or functions on our website.
4. Social Networking Services
We have worked with certain third-party social media providers to offer you their social networking services through our Services. For example, you can use third-party social networking services, including but not limited to Facebook, Google+, and others to share information about your experience on our Services with your friends and followers on those social networking services. These social networking services may be able to collect information about you, including your activity on our Services. These third-party social networking services also may notify your friends, both on our Services and on the social networking services themselves, that you are a user of our Services or about your use of our Services, in accordance with applicable law and their own privacy policies. If you choose to access or make use of third-party social networking services, we may receive information about you that you have made available to those social networking services, including information about your contacts on those social networking services.
You also may be able to link an account from a social networking service (e.g., Facebook, Google+, Yahoo!) to an account through our Services. These services will authenticate your identity and may allow you to use your credentials from the other site or service to sign in to certain features on our Services as well as the option to share certain personal information with us. If you link your account from a third-party site or service, we may collect information from those third-party accounts, and any information that we collect will be governed by this Privacy Policy.
Our Web site includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets, such as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
5. Links to Other Web Sites
The Services may contain links to other websites or online services that are operated and maintained by third parties and that are not under the control of or maintained by us. Such links do not constitute an endorsement by us of those other websites, the content displayed therein, or the persons or entities associated therewith. If you submit personal information to any third party website, your information will be governed by their privacy policy. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of these third-party websites or services.
6. Security
We have adopted security procedures to help protect against loss, misuse, and unauthorized access to the information you provide to us. For example, if we collect financial information, we will use encryption software to help protect this information when it is in transit. Please note, however, that no data transmission or storage can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your information and privacy, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you disclose or transmit to the Services and cannot be responsible for the theft, destruction, or inadvertent disclosure of your information.
If you have any questions about the security of your personal information, you can contact us at fanservices@chicagobears.com.
7. Children's Privacy
The Services do not knowingly collect, use, or disclose personal information from children under the age of 13. If we are made aware we have collected personal information from a child under 13 years old in a manner that is inconsistent with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA"), we will delete this information as soon as possible.
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time. Your continued use of the Services after any modification to the Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of the new terms. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on the Services prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
9. Access/Choice/Retention
You may choose to receive promotional emails, newsletters, browser notifications, push notifications and similar communications from us. You may opt out of receiving commercial emails from us by clicking on the opt-out or "unsubscribe" link included in the commercial e-mails you receive or by contacting us at fanservices@chicagobears.com. You may opt out of receiving browser notifications or push notifications by turning off notifications at the browser or device level. Please note that opt-out requests may take up to 10 days to be effective. Your opt-out request will not apply to messages that you request or that are not commercial in nature. For example, we may contact you concerning any purchases you have made with us, even if you opt out of receiving unsolicited marketing communication.
Chicago Bears stores your friends email address and name for the sole purpose of sending an email and tracking the success of our referral program. Your friend may contact us at fanservices@chicagobears.com to request that we remove this information from our database.
You may opt-out of location based services at any time by editing the setting at the device level.
If you no longer wish to receive Push notifications, you may turn them off at the device level. To ensure you receive proper notifications, we will need to collect certain information about your device such as operating system and user identification information.
Upon request, we will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information. If you would like to access, correct, or request deletion of your information, or if you no longer desire to use the Services, you may request that we update or remove certain information by signing into your account and making the required changes, by emailing our Customer Support at fanservices@chicagobears.com or by contacting us by telephone or postal mail at the contact information listed below. We will respond to your request within 30 days.
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
10. California Consumer Privacy Act Notice
This California Consumer Privacy Act Notice ("Notice") provides additional information to California residents whose personal information is processed by Us pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA"). If you are not a California resident, this Notice does not apply to you.
Categories of Personal Information Collected and Disclosed
During the preceding 12 months, we have collected personal information as identified in Section 1 above and other information that may be considered personal information under Cal. Civ. Code Section 1798.80.
We do not, and will not without your consent, "sell" personal information for purposes of the CCPA. As set forth in Section 3 of this Policy, we disclose personal information to third parties for business purposes, including without limitation, for purposes of advertising, marketing, and other services performed on our behalf, to protect against fraud and malicious activity, and for other business purposes described in the Policy. During the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed each of the above-listed categories of personal information for such business purposes. In addition, your information may be accessible to third parties with whom you interact or direct us to share your information through our services.
CCPA Rights
The CCPA allows California residents to request that a business that collects consumers' personal information give consumers access, upon a verifiable consumer request, in a portable and (if technically feasible) readily usable form, to the specific pieces and categories of personal information that the business has collected about the consumer, the categories of sources for that information, the business or commercial purposes for collecting the information, and the categories of third parties with which the information was shared. California residents also have the right to submit a request for deletion of personal information under certain circumstances, although there may be legal or other reasons that We must retain your information consistent with California law. We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights and choices, although some of the functionality and features available to you may change or no longer be available to you. Any differences in the services are related to the value provided.
Please submit your request by sending an email to ccpa@bears.nfl.net or by calling the following toll-free number: (888) 994-7502. Once we receive your request, we may verify it by requesting information sufficient to confirm your identity. If you would like to use an authorized agent registered with the California Secretary of State to exercise your rights, we may request evidence that you have provided such agent with power of attorney or that the agent otherwise has valid written authority to submit requests to exercise rights on your behalf. We reserve the right to deny requests in certain circumstances, such as where we have a reasonable belief that the request is fraudulent.
11. Third-Party Ad Serving and Audience and Traffic Measurement Services
We may use third-parties to serve advertisements on the Services. These third parties may set their own cookies or similar web technologies to collect information about users' online activities over time and across different websites.
If you would prefer to not receive personalized ads based on your browser or device usage, you may generally express your opt-out preference to no longer receive tailored advertisements. Please note that you will continue to see advertisements, but they will no longer be tailored to your interests.
To opt out of interest-based advertising by participating companies in the following consumer choice mechanisms, please visit:
Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA)'s self-regulatory opt-out page (http://optout.aboutads.info/) and mobile application-based "AppChoices" download page (https://youradchoices.com/appchoices).
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA)'s consumer opt-out page (http://youronlinechoices.eu).
Network Advertising Initiative (NAI)'s self-regulatory opt-out page (http://optout.networkadvertising.org/).
In the mobile environment, most mobile operating systems offer device-based opt-out choices that are transmitted to companies providing interest-based advertising. To set an opt-out preference for a mobile device identifier (such as Apple's IDFA or Android's GAID), visit the device manufacturer's current choice instructions pages, or read more about sending signals to limit ad tracking for your operating system here: http://www.networkadvertising.org/mobile-choices.
Please note that these settings must be performed on each device (including each web browser on each device) for which you wish to opt out, and if you clear your cookies or if you use a different browser or device, you will need to renew your opt-out preferences.
The Services may feature Nielsen proprietary measurement software, which will allow users to contribute to market research, such as Nielsen TV Ratings. Nielsen believes that you should have a choice about whether to contribute to our research and insights. To opt out of Nielsen measurement, you need only to activate the "Limit Ad Tracking" (for iOS devices) or "Opt out of Ads Personalization" (for Android devices) option in your devices settings. For web, please visit: http://www.nielsen.com/digitalprivacy to learn more about the Nielsen digital measurement products and your choices in regard to them.
12. Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the privacy practices of the Services, please contact us by email at fanservices@chicagobears.com or by regular mail at:
CA Privacy Rights
Chicago Bears
1920 Football Drive
Lake Forest, IL 60045
Big left arrow icon
Big right arrow icon
Close icon
Copy Url
Three dots icon
Down arrow icon
Email icon
Email icon
Exit Fullscreen icon
External link icon
Facebook logo
Football icon
Facebook logo
Instagram logo
Snapchat logo
YouTube logo
TikTok logo
Spotify logo
LinkedIn logo
Grid icon
Key icon
Left arrow icon
Link icon
Location icon
Mail icon
Menu icon
Open icon
Phone icon
Play icon
Radio icon
Rewind icon
Right arrow icon
Search icon
Select icon
Selected icon
TV icon
Twitter logo
Twitter logo
Up arrow icon
User icon
Audio icon
Tickets iconAdd to calendar iconNFC icon
AFC icon
NFL icon
Carousel IconList ViewWebsite
InstagramTwitterFacebookSnapchatShop IconProfile Overlay
AvatarAddAirplayArrow LeftArrow RightArrow UpArrow DownAudioBack 5sBack 10sBack 30sCalendarChartCheckDownLeftRightUpChromecast OffChromecast OnCloseClosed CaptionsBench OffBench OnBroad OffBroad OnVertical OffVertical OnCommentDockDoneDownloadDraftFantasyFilterForward 5sForward 10sForward 30sFull Screen OffFull Screen OnGamepassGamesInsightsKeyLeaveLiveCombineDraftFantasyMenu GamesMenu NetworkMenu NewsMenu PlayoffsMenu Pro BowlMenu ShopMenu StandingsMenu StatsMenu Super BowlMenu TeamsMenu TicketsMenuMore HorizontalMore VerticalMy LocationNetworkNewsPauseplayMultiple PlayersSingle PlayerPlaylistPlayoffsPro BowlPurgeRefreshRemoveReplaySearchSettingsShare AndroidShare Copy URLShare EmailShare FacebookShare InstagramShare iOSShare SnapchatShare TwitterSkip NextSkip PreviousStandingsStarStatsSwapTeamsTicketsVideoVisibility OffVisibility OnVolume HiVolume LowVolume MediumVolume MuteWarningWebsite
Caret downCaret upAt
The browser you are using is no longer supported on this site. It is highly recommended that you use the latest versions of a supported browser in order to receive an optimal viewing experience. The following browsers are supported: Chrome, Edge (v80 and later), Firefox and Safari.
Got it!