http://www.arklowgolflinks.com/component/content/article/36-general/456-privacy-statement
IRL  (0402) 32492INT  +353 402 32492
Home
The Course
Green Fees
Score Card
Course Gallery
Facilities
Practice Facilities
Club House
Full Bar
Restaurant
Locker Rooms
Golf Buggies & Caddy Cars
Golf Shop
Tee Bookings
Members
Competitions
Open Events
Results
Mens Results
Ladies Results
Junior Results
Contact
Location
Who We Are
Testimonials
Visitors
Things to Do
Events & Festivals
Places to Stay
Privacy Statement
PRIVACY STATEMENT
Arklow Golf Links are committed to preserving the privacy of all visitors to arklowgolflinks.com. Please read the following privacy statement to understand how we use and protect the information that you provide to us. By using this site, you consent to the collection, use and transfer of your information under the terms of this privacy statement.
Information We Collect From You When you visit or register you may be asked to provide certain information about yourself, such as your name and contact details We may also collect information about your usage of our website as well as information about you from messages you post to the website and e-mails or letters you send to us.
Use of Your Information We analyse information provided by you and others to help us administer, support, and improve our club. We may use your information to contact you to tell you about important changes or developments to the website or our services, or to obtain your views on our services. Where you have agreed, we may use your information to let you know about other products and services which might be of interest to you. This contact may be by post, telephone, SMS, fax or e-mail. If you want to stop receiving information about other products and services, you can opt out at any time by contacting us (i) by post at Arklow Golf Club, Abbeylands, Arklow, Co. Wicklow or (ii) by telephone at +353 (0)402 32492 ; or (iii) by email at
This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it
Disclosure to Other People We will never sell or rent your details to a third party. Additionally, we may allow carefully selected third parties to contact you occasionally about products and services which we think may be of interest to you. This contact may also be by post, telephone, SMS, fax or e-mail. If you want to stop receiving information about other products and services, you can opt out at any time by contacting us (i) by post at Arklow Golf Club, Abbeylands, Arklow, Co. Wicklow; or (ii) by telephone at +353 (0)402 32492 or (iii) by email at
This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it
We may pass aggregate information on the usage of our site to third parties, but this will not include information that can be used to identify you. Unless required to do so by law, we will not otherwise share, sell or distribute any of the information you provide to us without your consent.
IP Addresses An IP address is a number that is assigned to your computer automatically when you use the internet. When you visit a particular web page in the appleby.ie website, our servers log your IP address. We may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our website. Your IP address is also used to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information.
Cookies and Web Beacons A cookie is a small file sent to your browser from a Web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive to identify you as the user of the website. Many internet sites use cookies. A web beacon is a small file, used in combination with cookies, which is stored on web pages or in emails which monitors the behaviour of the person viewing the web pages or sending the emails. Our website uses cookies and web beacons to keep track of and to monitor your access to the site. We may also use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests. You can set your browser preferences to reject all cookies and web beacons, but this will prevent you from using most customised services and you may have to repeatedly enter log-in information in order to use some services. Cookies make your experience easier by saving your preferences.
Security We employ security measures to protect your information from access by unauthorised persons and against unlawful processing, accidental loss, destruction and damage.
Data Retention We will retain your information for a reasonable period or as long as the law requires.
Changing Your Information You are entitled to see the information we hold about you. The law entitles us to charge you a fee for doing so of not more that €6.35 per request. If you wish to see this information, please contact us with proof of identification together with a fee of €6.35 by post at Arklow Golf Club, Abbeylands, Arklow, Co. Wicklow. You can also ask us to amend the information we hold about you to ensure that it is accurate and kept up to date. Please contact us with proof of identification to do so (i) Arklow Golf Club, Abbeylands, Arklow, Co. Wicklow; or (ii) by email at
This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it
Changes To Our Privacy Statement Any changes to our privacy statement in the future will be posted to the website and, where appropriate, through e-mail notification.
Societies
Membership
Special Offers
Green Fees
Privacy Statement
Designed by The Web Centre
Arklow Golf Club, Abbeylands, Arklow, Co. Wicklow
Contact: Ph:353 (0)402 32492 or email info@arklowgolflinks.com
"Hi everyone at arklow golf club, having just returned home from a wonderful trip to ireland, i feel compelled to write to you to express our appreciation to you all for making our day at arklow golf club, the absolute highlight of a fabulous holiday, the courtesy, helpfulness,and friendliness of the welcome we recieved from your reception staff, restaurant staff and members was by far the best we recieved anywhere we visited in ireland, your golf course is a joy to play and your food in general is of excellent quality and value, but your caesar salad is incredible and we will be forced to return to you to sample it again, so a very big fat thank you to everyone, and we look forward to seeing you again soon.....keep up the good work." John Murray