http://www.golfingholidays.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Home/Privacy Policy
Privacy Policyjohnpicton2019-11-26T15:50:01+00:00
What is this Privacy Policy for?
This privacy policy is for this website, and governs the privacy of its users who choose to use it.
The policy sets out the different areas where user privacy is concerned and outlines the obligations & requirements of the users, the website and website owners. Furthermore the way this website processes, stores and protects user data and information will also be detailed within this policy.
The Website
This website and its owners take a proactive approach to user privacy and ensure the necessary steps are taken to protect the privacy of its users throughout their visiting experience. This website complies to all UK national laws and European GDPR requirements for user privacy.
Use of Cookies
Cookies are small files saved to the user’s computers hard drive that track, save and store information about the user’s interactions and usage of the website. This site does not use tracking cookies.
This website uses tracking software to monitor its visitors to better understand how they use it. This software is provided by Google Analytics which uses cookies to track visitor usage. The software will save a cookie to your computers hard drive in order to track and monitor your engagement and usage of the website, but will not store, save or collect personal information, and all IP addresses tracked are anonymised. You can read Google’s privacy policy here for further information.
Contact & Communication
Users contacting this website and/or its owners via the contact form do so at their own discretion and provide any such personal details requested at their own risk. Your personal information is kept private, not shared with any other party and stored securely until it is no longer required or has no use. The contents of your enquiry are also stored on our server log temporarily – these logs are deleted every 30 days. Every effort has been made to ensure a safe and secure form to email submission process but advise users using such form to email processes that they do so at their own risk.
This website and its owners use any information submitted to provide you with further information about the products / services they offer or to assist you in answering any questions or queries you may have submitted. This includes using your details to subscribe you to any email newsletter program the website operates but only if this was made clear to you and your express permission was granted when submitting any form to email process. This is by no means an entire list of your user rights in regard to receiving email marketing material. Your details are never passed on to any third parties, you can ask us at any time to tell you about the data we store about you, and we will remove this data completely from our systems if you wish.
Email Newsletters
This website operates an email newsletter program, used to inform subscribers about products and services supplied by this website. Users can subscribe through an online automated process should they wish to do so but do so at their own discretion.
All personal details relating to subscriptions are held securely. No personal details are passed on to third parties nor shared with companies / people outside of the company that operates this website. You may request a copy of personal information held about you by this website’s email newsletter program at any time.
Email marketing campaigns published by this website or its owners may contain tracking facilities within the actual email. Subscriber activity is tracked and stored in a database for future analysis and evaluation. Such tracked activity may include; the opening of emails, forwarding of emails, the clicking of links within the email content, times, dates and frequency of activity. This information is used to refine future email campaigns and supply the user with more relevant content based around their activity.
All email marketing subscribers are given the opportunity to un-subscribe at any time through a link on each email we send.
External Links
Adopt a policy of caution before clicking any external web links mentioned throughout this website. The owners of this website cannot guarantee or verify the contents of any externally linked website despite their best efforts. Users should therefore note they click on external links at their own risk and this website and its owners cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any external links mentioned.
Social Media Platforms
Communication, engagement and actions taken through external social media platforms that this website and its owners participate on are custom to the terms and conditions as well as the privacy policies held with each social media platform respectively.
Users are advised to use social media platforms wisely and communicate / engage upon them with due care and caution in regard to their own privacy and personal details. This website nor its owners will never ask for personal or sensitive information through social media platforms and encourage users wishing to discuss sensitive details to contact them through primary communication channels such as by telephone or email.
This website may use social sharing buttons which help share web content directly from web pages to the social media platform in question. Users are advised before using such social sharing buttons that they do so at their own discretion and note that the social media platform may track and save your request to share a web page respectively through your social media platform account.
Shortened Links in Social Media
This website and its owners through their social media platform accounts may share web links to relevant web pages. By default some social media platforms shorten lengthy urls.
Users are advised to take caution and good judgement before clicking any shortened urls published on social media platforms by this website and its owners. Despite the best efforts to ensure only genuine urls are published many social media platforms are prone to spam and hacking and therefore this website and its owners cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any shortened links.
Resources & Further Information
GDPR
Data Protection Act 1998
Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003
Twitter Privacy Policy
Facebook Privacy Policy
Google Privacy Policy
Linkedin Privacy Policy
Mailchimp Privacy Policy
Toggle Sliding Bar Area