https://www.imsa.com/termsofservice/
Skip to content
BUY TICKETS
IMSA.COM TERMS OF USE
What’s New in the Updated Terms of Use?We, International Motor Sports Association, LLC (“IMSA”), have revised the Terms of Use for our current and future online and mobile websites, platforms, services, and applications owned or operated by IMSA (collectively, “IMSA.COM”). Some of the key changes are summarized below, but please take the time to read the full Terms of Use. You accept and agree to be bound by these Terms of Use when you use IMSA.COM, including without limitation, when you view or access content or videos on IMSA.COM. · Sections 15, 16 & 17 Governing Law, Agreement to Arbitrate and Class Action Waiver. To help streamline the resolution of disputes, claims, and controversies under these updated Terms of Use, as set forth in more detail below, you now agree that both you and IMSA will be obligated to arbitrate disputes, claims, and controversies that arise out of or relate to your use of IMSA.COM and/or provision of content, services, and/or technology on or through IMSA.COM, and that any such proceedings will be conducted only on an individual basis (and not as a class action), and under Florida law.· Section 10H. Clarifying how User Content may be used by IMSA. · Section 11. Clarifying responsibility for user interactions with advertisers on IMSA.COM.· Section 12D. Updating the Limitation of Liability provision. IMPORTANT NOTICE: THESE TERMS OF USE ARE SUBJECT TO BINDING ARBITRATION AND A WAIVER OF CLASS ACTION RIGHTS AS DETAILED IN SECTIONS 16 AND 17.Welcome to IMSA.com! IMSA.com includes this web site (including its sub-domains) and associated applications (such as mobile and other device applications) and other associated offerings that are owned, offered or operated by or on behalf of International Motor Sports Association, LLC, (or its parent or affiliate entities). Please read these terms and conditions of use (“Terms of Use”) carefully before using IMSA.com. Your access to and use of IMSA.com is subject to the following terms and conditions (including the IMSA.com Privacy Policy, which can be located at imsa.com/privacy-policy and all applicable laws. By accessing and using IMSA.com, you signify your assent to these Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy (collectively, “Agreement”). If you do not agree to these Terms of Use or the Privacy Policy please do not use IMSA.com. These Terms of Use may be amended or modified, or new conditions may be imposed, at any time. Any such changes or additions will be reflected by an update of this posting. Please check these Terms of Use periodically for changes. Your continued use of IMSA.com following the posting of changes to these terms (including the Privacy Policy) will mean you accept those changes.1. Definitions. IMSA.com is operated by International Motor Sports Association, LLC (“Company”). As used in this Terms of Use, (i) "Company Parties" means International Motor Sports Association, LLC, NASCAR Digital Media, LLC, and their respective parents and affiliates and the officers, directors, employees, advisors and agents of the foregoing; (ii) "Visitor" means a IMSA.com user that accesses the IMSA.com web pages and associated applications without registering and/or logging-in, (iii) "Member" means a IMSA.com user that is registered with and has an account (an "Account") with IMSA.com, and (iv) "User" and/or "you(r)" means and includes Members and Visitors. 2. General. These Terms of Use set forth the terms and conditions that apply to your use of IMSA.com. By using IMSA.com (other than to read these Terms of Use for the first time), you agree to comply with all of the terms and conditions hereof. In addition, you agree that any information collected in connection with your use of IMSA.com is subject to the IMSA.com Privacy Policy. The right to use IMSA.com is personal to you and is not transferable to any other person or entity. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, if IMSA.com offers you applications (e.g., mobile device application) or other features to download, you may only use the application or feature on a device that you own or control and such right to use the application or other feature shall be limited, non-exclusive, non-sublicenseable and non-transferable. You are responsible for all use of your Account (under any screen name or password) and for ensuring that all use of your Account complies fully with the provisions of this Agreement. You shall be responsible for protecting the confidentiality of your password(s), if any. You agree not to use the account, username, or password of another User at any time. You agree to notify Company immediately if you suspect any unauthorized use of your Account or access to your password. You are solely responsible for any and all use of your Account and/or password.3. Changes in Terms. Company shall have the right at any time to change or discontinue any aspect or feature of IMSA.com, including, but not limited to, content, hours of availability, and equipment needed for access or use. Company shall have the right at any time to change or modify the terms and conditions applicable to your use of IMSA.com, or any part thereof, including these Terms of Use, or to impose new conditions, including, but not limited to, adding fees and charges for use. Such changes, modifications, additions or deletions shall be effective immediately upon notice thereof, which may be given by means determined by Company, including, but not limited to, posting on and/or through IMSA.com, or by electronic or conventional mail, or by any other means by which you obtain notice. Any use of IMSA.com by you after such notice shall be deemed to constitute your acceptance of such changes, modifications or additions. 4. Equipment. You shall be responsible for obtaining and maintaining all telecommunication devices, computer hardware and other services and equipment needed for access to and use of IMSA.com and all charges related thereto. In addition, certain features that make up IMSA.com (e.g., IMSA.com device applications) may operate on or in connection with various products and services provided by various third parties, such as third party handsets, tablet devices, televisions, set top devices and other devices, and third party-provided Internet access services. Without limiting the generality of the disclaimers and limitations of liability stated elsewhere in this document, you acknowledge that Company does not control such third parties or their products or services and that Company shall not be responsible for such third parties or their products or services.5. Intellectual Property Rights of Company. IMSA.com contains copyrighted material, trademarks and other proprietary information, including, but not limited to, text, software, photos, video, graphics, music and sound. The entire contents of IMSA.com are copyrighted as a collective work under the United States copyright laws. Company (and/or its parents, affiliates or content suppliers) own copyrights in the selection, coordination, arrangement and enhancement of such content, as well as in the content original to it. You may not modify, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale, create derivative works of, or in any way similarly exploit, any of the content, in whole or in part. To the extent expressly permitted at certain parts of IMSA.com (if any), you may download copyrighted material for your personal use only. Except as otherwise expressly permitted under copyright law, no copying, redistribution, retransmission, publication or commercial exploitation of downloaded material will be permitted without the express permission of Company and/or the copyright owner. In the event of any permitted copying, redistribution or publication of copyrighted material, no changes in or deletion of author attribution, trademark legend or copyright notice shall be made. You acknowledge that you do not acquire any ownership rights by viewing or downloading copyrighted material. Company and its parents, affiliates and content suppliers expressly reserve all ownership and other rights (including, but not limited to, intellectual property rights) in their respective materials and no such rights are transferred to you. Company and IMSA.com, and each of their logos, are trademarks of Company. All rights reserved. All other trademarks appearing on IMSA.com are the property of their respective owners.6. Interactive Areas. IMSA.com may contain comments sections, discussion forums, bulletin boards, fantasy games or other interactive features ("Interactive Areas”) in which you may post or upload comments or user-generated content such as video, photos, messages, other content, materials or items (collectively, “User Content"). You are solely responsible for your use of any Interactive Areas and you use them at your own risk. Interactive Areas are available for individuals aged 13 years or older.  By submitting User Content to an Interactive Area, you represent that you are 13 years of age or older and, if you are under the age of 18, you either are an emancipated minor or have obtained the legal consent of your parent or legal guardian to enter into this Agreement, submit content, participate on IMSA.com, and fulfill the obligations set forth in these Terms of Use, which form a binding contract between you and Company.7. Submissions. By submitting Materials (defined below) to and/or via IMSA.com, and in exchange for good and valuable consideration, the sufficiency and receipt of which you hereby acknowledge, you hereby grant to Company a non-exclusive, perpetual, royalty-free, fully-paid, worldwide license to edit, telecast, rerun, reproduce, use, create derivative works of, modify, syndicate, license, print, sublicense, distribute and otherwise exhibit the Materials you submit, or any portion thereof, in any manner and in any medium or forum, whether now known or hereafter devised. For the purposes of these Terms of Use, “Materials” means and includes all data, information, images, video, audio, pictures, sounds, files and/or any other content, materials and/or intellectual property. Please choose carefully the Materials you post or otherwise submit to IMSA.com and/or that you provide to other Users. Except with respect to personal information (e.g., DOB, address) that you submit as part of registering for an account on IMSA.com (which shall be maintained in accordance with the IMSA.com Privacy Policy, available atimsa.com/privacy-policy your submissions are non-confidential and Company has no obligation to maintain the confidentiality of any Materials you submit. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Materials you choose to post and/or upload to IMSA.com will be viewed by other Users, so please do not post information, content or other Materials to which you do not wish other Users to have access.You represent and warrant to Company that: (i) you have the full legal right, power and authority to grant to Company the license provided for in these Terms of Use; (ii) you own or control, or the owner(s) of such Materials (and of all rights therein) has/have expressly granted you the right to submit and use, the Materials you submit; (iii) neither the Materials you submit nor the exercise of the rights granted herein shall infringe upon or violate any rights of any third party, including, but not limited to, any intellectual property rights and/or any rights of privacy or publicity and that you have the consent of each and every identifiable natural person in any submission to use such person's name and/or likeness in the manner contemplated by IMSA.com; (iv) any person who appears in your submission who is a current member of the Screen Actors Guild (SAG), the American Federation of Television and Radio Actors (AFTRA) or any other similar rights society or organization is not entitled to compensation by IMSA.com; and (v) neither the Materials you submit nor the exercise of the rights granted herein shall defame any other person or entity. Without limiting the foregoing, you agree to pay all royalties, fees, and any other monies owing any person or entity by reason of any Materials posted by you, to or through IMSA.com. Any opinions, views, advice, statements, services, offers or other information or content expressed or made available by you or any third parties (e.g., other Users, professional information providers, etc.) are those of the respective author(s) or submitter(s) and not of the Company Parties. THE Company PARTIES DO NOT GUARANTEE THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, OR USEFULNESS OF ANY CONTENT, NOR ITS MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Users are solely responsible for anything contained in their submissions, message board and/or chat sessions. The Company Parties do not verify, endorse or otherwise vouch for the contents of any submission, message board or chat room. Users may be held legally liable for the contents of their submissions, message board and chat sessions, and may be held legally liable if their submissions or chat sessions include, for example, material protected by copyright, trademark, patent or trade secret law or other proprietary right without permission of the author or owner, or defamatory comments. Company reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to reject, to refuse to post and/or to remove any posting (including private messages) by you, for any or no reason, with or without prior notice, and without liability on the part of Company.Company does not accept or consider business and/or programming proposals and/or similar suggestions and/or materials ("Proposals") other than those they have specifically requested. This is to avoid the possibility of future misunderstandings when projects independently developed by Company might seem to others to be similar to their own proposals or suggestions. If you do send or post any Proposals, including related ideas, notes, drawings, concepts or other information, or if you transmit them through IMSA.com by electronic mail or otherwise, the Proposals shall be deemed, and shall remain, the property of Company. None of the Proposals shall be subject to any obligation on the part of Company to use the Proposals or keep them confidential and none of the Company Parties shall be liable for any use or disclosure of any Proposals. Company shall exclusively own any now known or hereafter existing rights to the Proposals of every kind and nature throughout the universe and shall be entitled to unrestricted use of the Proposals for any purpose whatsoever, commercial or otherwise, without compensation to the provider of the Proposals. 8. Publicly Available Participation.A. By participating in an Interactive Area, you acknowledge that the fact and elements of your participation will be publicly available on IMSA.com to other IMSA.com Users and may be included in the search results of Internet search engines (e.g., Google and Bing, etc.). For example, if you comment on a story, enter a public chat or interact with IMSA.com in any other way, unless otherwise noted, your interactions may be published live on the IMSA.com newsfeed and maintained in your public profile. If you do not want your participation listed on the news feed, or included in the search results of Internet search engines, do not interact with IMSA.com. B. In addition, and without limiting 8.A above, upon checking in to any experience on or related to IMSA.com, such as, but not limited to social media, your “Check In” may appear in the newsfeed on IMSA.com. If you do not want the record of your “Check In” to be publicly available, do not “Check In” and instead view the content without checking in.9. Classified Advertisements. IMSA.com may contain a forum (such as classified advertisements) in which sellers and buyers may be connected. By engaging in transactions with buyers or sellers that you meet via IMSA.com, you proceed solely at your own risk and you agree that Company is not responsible for any losses that you might sustain as a result of your transactions with such buyers and sellers. You should not engage in any transaction with a person with whom you are not comfortable or whom you suspect might be engaged in improper or questionable conduct. Please be aware that Company, through IMSA.com, merely provides a forum in which buyers and sellers can connect. Neither Company nor IMSA.com posting classified advertisements facilitate any transaction, insure any transaction, or act as an intermediary, broker, or escrow agent in connection with such buyer-seller transactions. 10. User Conduct. By viewing IMSA.com or participating in the Interactive Areas, you agree to the following:A. Lawful Use. You shall use IMSA.com for lawful purposes only. You shall not post or transmit through IMSA.com any material that violates or infringes in any way the rights of others, that is unlawful, threatening, abusive, defamatory, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, vulgar, obscene, profane or otherwise objectionable, that encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any law, or that, without Company's express prior approval, contains advertising or any solicitation with respect to products or services. Any conduct by a User that, as determined by Company in Company's discretion, restricts or inhibits any other User from using or enjoying IMSA.com will not be permitted. User shall not use IMSA.com to advertise or perform any commercial solicitation, including, but not limited to, the solicitation of users to become subscribers of other on-line information services competitive with IMSA.com. B. Naming Policy. When selecting a display name for use on IMSA.com, you must abide by the following Naming Policy set forth below (and if IMSA.com changes it, you will abide by all changes after it is posted here.)
Names may not be offensive, sexually explicit, vulgar, racist, hateful, obscene, defamatory, or any other language that is offensive in nature (including common swear words, names concerned with anatomical references, and intentional misspellings, anagrams, combinations, and homonyms of these words).
Names may not be used that harass or damage the reputation of another user, IMSA.com employees or agents, or Company employees or agents.
Names may not be a name or handle of any IMSA.com employees or agents or Company employees or agents.
Names may not include any unlawful reference to trademarked names, materials or products.
Names may not incorporate names of other people, including drivers, crew chiefs, broadcast talent, actors, celebrities, or other personalities or individuals in a manner that creates confusion or false affiliation.
Names may not be religiously or historically sensitive.
Names may not have a title or rank within them suggesting affiliation with Company or IMSA.com.
Names may not contain a phrase, sentence, or any fragment of a sentence.
Names may not include any telephone numbers, credit card numbers, social security numbers, street addresses, or email/instant message addresses other than your own (and IMSA.com strongly recommends that you not use your own either).
Names may not use misspellings or alternative spellings of names that violate any of the rules above.
C. User Content. You shall not upload, post or otherwise make available on IMSA.com any material protected by copyright, trademark or other proprietary right without the express permission of the owner of the copyright, trademark or other proprietary right and the burden of determining that any material is not protected by copyright rests with you. You shall be solely liable for any damage resulting from any infringement of copyrights, intellectual property or proprietary rights, or any other harm resulting from such a submission.D. User Rules of Conduct. Without limiting any other term herein, if you submit any User Content (including, but not limited to, any screen name) or participate in an Interactive Area within or in connection with IMSA.com, you agree to abide by the following Rules of Conduct:
You agree not to upload, post or otherwise transmit any User Content that violates or infringes in any way the rights of others, including any statements that may defame, harass, stalk or threaten others.
You agree not to upload, post or otherwise transmit any User Content that is offensive to the online community, including blatant expressions of bigotry, racism, abusiveness, vulgarity or profanity.
You agree not to upload, post or otherwise transmit any material that contains or advocates profane or obscene material as determined in Company’s discretion.
You agree not to upload, post or otherwise transmit any User Content that violates any law or engage in activity that would constitute a criminal offense or give rise to a civil liability.
You agree not to upload, post or otherwise transmit any User Content that advocates or provides instruction on illegal activity or discuss illegal activities with the intent to commit them.
You agree not to upload, post or otherwise transmit User Content that does not generally pertain to the designated topic or theme of any Interactive Area.
You agree not to impersonate any person or entity, including, but not limited to, any Company, IMSA.com, racing teams, racing or IMSA.com sponsors employee or associated persons, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with any person or entity.
You agree not to interfere with any other User's right to privacy, including by harvesting or collecting personally-identifiable information about IMSA.com Users or posting private information about a third party.
You agree not to upload, post or otherwise transmit any User Content, software or other materials that contain a virus or other harmful or disruptive component.
You agree not to interfere with or disrupt IMSA.com or the servers or networks connected to IMSA.com, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to IMSA.com.
You agree not to upload, post, e-mail or otherwise transmit any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, "junk mail," "spam," "chain letters," "pyramid schemes," or any other form of solicitation.
You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit for any commercial purpose, any portion of IMSA.com, use of IMSA.com, or access to IMSA.com.
Any conduct that Company determines, in Company’s sole discretion, restricts or inhibits anyone else from using or enjoying IMSA.com will not be permitted. Company reserves the right in its sole discretion to remove or edit User Content by you and to terminate your Account for any reason. Company is not responsible for User Content submitted to IMSA.com or posted in comments sections, chat rooms, on bulletin boards or on other Interactive Areas by users of IMSA.com.E. Monitoring. Company reserves the right, but has no obligation, to monitor the User Content and/or any other Materials posted in the Interactive Areas or any other areas of IMSA.com, including chat rooms, comments, newsfeeds and forums. Company shall have the right in its sole discretion to remove or edit any User Content that violates or is alleged to violate any applicable law or the spirit of these Terms of Use. Notwithstanding this right of Company, YOU REMAIN SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR THE USER CONTENT AND OTHER MATERIALS YOU POST IN THE INTERACTIVE AREAS AND/OR OTHER AREAS OF IMSA.com AND/OR IN YOUR PRIVATE MESSAGES. In no event shall any Company Parties assume or have any liability or responsibility for any User Content or other User-submitted Materials or for any claims, damages or losses resulting from destruction, display, misuse or other use of such User Content or Materials.F. Moral Rights. If it is determined that you retain moral rights (including rights of attribution or integrity) in the User Content, you hereby declare that: (a) you do not require that any personally identifying information be used in connection with the User Content, or any derivative works of or upgrades or updates thereto; (b) you have no objection to the publication, use, modification, deletion and exploitation of the User Content by Company, or its licensees, successors and assigns; (c) you forever waive and agree not to claim or assert any entitlement to any and all moral rights of an author in any of the User Content; and (d) you forever release the Company Parties and their respective licensees, successors and assigns, from any claims that you could otherwise assert against any of them by virtue of any such moral rights. You also permit any other user to access, view, store or reproduce the User Content for that user's personal use.G. Spamming is not allowed. Company reserves the right to restrict the number of emails and/or other messages that a Member may send to other Members in any twenty-four hour period via IMSA.com features. If you breach these Terms of Use by sending unsolicited bulk email, comments, instant messages or other unsolicited communications of any kind through IMSA.com, you acknowledge that you will have caused substantial harm to Company, but that the amount of such harm would be extremely difficult to ascertain. As a reasonable estimation of such harm, and without limiting any other rights or remedies available to Company (whether at law, in equity or otherwise) you agree to pay Company fifty dollars ($50) for each such unsolicited email or other unsolicited communication you send through IMSA.com features.H. No Obligation. User Content submitted by you will be considered non-confidential and IMSA is under no obligation to treat such User Content as proprietary information except pursuant to the IMSA.com Privacy Policy. Without limiting the foregoing, IMSA reserves the right to use any User Content as it deems appropriate, including, without limitation, deleting, editing, modifying, rejecting, or refusing to post it. IMSA is under no obligation to edit, delete or otherwise modify User Content once it has been submitted to IMSA. IMSA shall have no duty to attribute authorship of User Content to you, and shall not be obligated to enforce any form of attribution by third parties.11. Advertisements and Promotions.IMSA may run advertisements and promotions from third parties on IMSA.COM. Your business dealings or correspondence with, or participation in promotions of, advertisers other than IMSA, and any terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and such third party. IMSA is not responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings or as the result of the presence of third-party advertisers on IMSA.COM.12. Disclaimer of Warranty; Limitation of Liability.A. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF IMSA.com IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. COMPANY PARTIES NOR ITS RESPECTIVE THIRD-PARTY CONTENT PROVIDERS, VENDORS, OR LICENSORS WARRANT THAT IMSA.com WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE; NOR DO THEY MAKE ANY WARRANTY AS TO THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM USE OF IMSA.com, OR AS TO THE ACCURACY, RELIABILITY OR CONTENT OF ANY INFORMATION, SERVICE, OR MERCHANDISE PROVIDED BY OR THROUGH IMSA.com.B. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, IMSA.com, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY DOWNLOADABLE SOFTWARE, IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS-IS" BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF TITLE OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OTHER THAN THOSE WARRANTIES WHICH ARE IMPLIED BY AND INCAPABLE OF EXCLUSION, RESTRICTION OR MODIFICATION UNDER THE LAWS APPLICABLE TO THESE TERMS OF USE.C. USER SPECIFICALLY ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE COMPANY PARTIES AND THEIR RESPECTIVE THIRD-PARTY CONTENT PROVIDERS, VENDORS AND LICENSORS SHALL NOT IN ANY EVENT BE LIABLE FOR THE DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF OTHER USERS OR THIRD-PARTIES AND THAT THE RISK OF INJURY FROM THE FOREGOING RESTS ENTIRELY WITH USER.D. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSABLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL ANY COMPANY PARTY, OR ITS PRESENT OR FUTURE PARENTS OR AFFILIATED COMPANIES, OR ANY PERSON OR ENTITY INVOLVED IN CREATING, PRODUCING OR DISTRIBUTING IMSA.com, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THIRD-PARTY CONTENT PROVIDERS, VENDORS AND LICENSORS, BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANYONE ELSE FOR ANY DAMAGES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, PERSONAL INJURY, PROPERTY DAMAGE, LOST PROFITS, COST OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, LOSS OF DATA, LOSS OF GOODWILL, WORK STOPPAGE, COMPUTER AND/OR DEVICE OR TECHNOLOGY FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION OR FOR ANY FORM OF DIRECT OR INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES BASED ON ANY CAUSES OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE IMSA.com OR ANY ALLEGED FAILURE OF PERFORMANCE, ERROR, OMISSION, INTERRUPTION, DELETION, DEFECT, OR DELAY IN SERVICE, OPERATION, OR TRANSMISSION OF IMSA.com, OR ANY ALLEGED COMPUTER VIRUS, COMMUNICATION LINE FAILURE, THEFT OR DESTRUCTION OF PROPERTY, AND/OR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO, ALTERATION OF, OR USE OF OR POSTING OF ANY RECORD, CONTENT, OR TECHNOLOGY, PERTAINING TO OR ON IMSA.com. USER HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE PROVISIONS OF THIS SECTION APPLY TO ALL CONTENT AND FEATURES COMPRISING IMSA.com.  YOU AGREE THAT THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY APPLIES WHETHER SUCH ALLEGATIONS ARE FOR BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORTIOUS BEHAVIOR, NEGLIGENCE, OR FALL UNDER ANY OTHER CAUSE OF ACTION, REGARDLESS OF THE BASIS UPON WHICH LIABILITY IS CLAIMED AND EVEN IF THE COMPANY PARTY, OR ITS PRESENT OR FUTURE PARENTS OR AFFILIATED COMPANIES, OR ANY PERSON OR ENTITY INVOLVED IN CREATING, PRODUCING OR DISTRIBUTING IMSA.com, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THIRD-PARTY CONTENT PROVIDERS, VENDORS AND LICENSORS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGE. WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, YOU ALSO SPECIFICALLY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT ANY COMPANY PARTY, OR ITS PRESENT OR FUTURE PARENTS OR AFFILIATED COMPANIES, OR ANY PERSON OR ENTITY INVOLVED IN CREATING, PRODUCING OR DISTRIBUTING IMSA.com, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THIRD-PARTY CONTENT PROVIDERS, VENDORS AND LICENSORS ARE NOT LIABLE FOR ANY ACTUAL OR ALLEGED DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE, OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF OTHER USERS OF IMSA.com OR ANY OTHER THIRD PARTIES.IF APPLICABLE LAW DOES NOT ALLOW ALL OR ANY PART OF THE ABOVE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY TO APPLY TO YOU, THE LIMITATIONS WILL APPLY TO YOU ONLY TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.E. UNLESS AND EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE SPECIFICALLY STATED WITHIN IMSA.com, AWARDS, SUCH AS BADGES, AND SIMILAR ITEMS PROVIDED BY IMSA.com, ARE PROVIDED FOR ENTERTAINMENT PURPOSES ONLY AND DO NOT HAVE MONETARY OR SIMILAR VALUE.13. Indemnification. You shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless the Company Parties, and their respective directors, officers, shareholders, members, employees, agents, third-party content providers, vendors and licensors from and against all claims, damages, losses and expenses, including attorneys' fees, arising out of the use of IMSA.com by You, and/or arising out of use of Your Account (whether or not by You), and/or arising out of Your other acts or omissions.  IMSA reserves the right to take over the exclusive defense of any claim for which the Company Parties are entitled to indemnification under this Section. In such event, you shall provide IMSA with such cooperation as is reasonably requested by IMSA.14. Termination. Company may change, suspend or discontinue any aspect of IMSA.com at any time, including the availability of any IMSA.com feature, database, or content. Company may also impose limits on certain features and services or restrict your access to parts or all of IMSA.com without notice or liability at any time in Company's sole discretion, without prejudice to any legal or equitable remedies available to Company, for any reason or purpose, including, but not limited to, conduct that Company believes violates these Terms of Use or other policies or guidelines posted on IMSA.com or conduct that Company believes is harmful to other customers, to Company's business, or to other information providers. Upon any termination of these Terms of Use, you shall immediately discontinue your use and access of IMSA.com and destroy all materials obtained from it.  The provisions reasonably necessary to effectuate the intent hereof post termination shall survive.15. Governing Law.The content, data, video, and all other material and features on IMSA.com are presented for the purpose of providing entertainment, news and/or information and/or promoting programs, films, music, games, and other products and/or services that are or may become available in the United States, its territories, possessions, and protectorates.Any and all disputes, claims and controversies arising out of or in connection with your access to, and/or use of IMSA.com, and/or the provision of content, services, and/or technology on or through IMSA.com shall be governed by and construed exclusively in accordance with the laws and decisions of the State of Florida applicable to contracts made, entered into and performed entirely therein, without giving effect to its conflict of laws provisions, and the courts in the State of Florida shall be the exclusive forum for any disputes.16. Disputes/Arbitration. PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY -- IT MAY SIGNIFICANTLY AFFECT YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS, INCLUDING YOUR RIGHT TO FILE A LAWSUIT IN COURT. IMSA and you agree that these Terms of Use affect interstate commerce and that the Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of these arbitration provisions.In the event of a dispute, claim, or controversy arising out of or in connection with your access to, and/or use of IMSA.com, and/or the provision of content, services, and/or technology on or through IMSA.com, IMSA or you must give the other notice of the dispute, claim, or controversy which notice will include a brief written statement that sets forth the name, address, and contact information of the party giving it, the facts giving rise to the dispute, claim, or controversy and the relief requested. You must send any such notice to IMSA by email to support@imsa.com AND by U.S. Mail to IMSA Legal Department, One Daytona Boulevard, Daytona Beach, Florida. To the extent that IMSA has your contact information, it will send any such notice to you by U.S. Mail, or otherwise to your email address. IMSA and you will attempt to resolve any dispute, claim, or controversy through informal negotiation within thirty (30) days from the date that any notice of dispute, claim, or controversy is sent. IMSA and you shall use reasonable, good faith, efforts to settle any dispute, claim, or controversy through consultation and good faith negotiations. After 30 days, IMSA or you may resort to the other alternatives described in this Section. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the notice and 30 day negotiation period required by this paragraph shall not apply, however, to disputes, claims, or controversies concerning patents, copyrights, moral rights, trademarks, and trade secrets and claims of piracy or unauthorized use of IMSA.com.Except as otherwise specifically set forth below, any dispute, claim, or controversy of any kind between IMSA and you arising under these Terms of Use or in connection with your access to, and/or use of IMSA.com, and/or the provision of content, services, and/or technology on or through IMSA.com, if unresolved through informal discussions within thirty (30) days of receipt of notice, shall be resolved by binding arbitration to be held in the state in which you reside. Notwithstanding the foregoing, disputes, claims, or controversies concerning patents, copyrights, moral rights, trademarks, and trade secrets and claims of piracy or unauthorized use of IMSA.com shall not be subject to arbitration.For residents outside the United States, arbitration shall be initiated in Volusia County, Florida, and IMSA and you agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of any state or federal court in Volusia County, Florida, to compel arbitration, stay proceedings pending arbitration, or to confirm, modify, vacate, or enter judgment on the award entered by the arbitrator.The arbitration shall be conducted by a single arbitrator, governed by the Commercial Arbitration Rules and the Supplementary Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes (collectively, "AAA Rules") of the American Arbitration Association ("AAA"), as modified by these Terms of Use, and administered by the AAA. The AAA Rules and fee information are available at "www.adr.org," or by calling the AAA at 1-800-778-7879.Each party shall be responsible for the costs that it may incur in the arbitration including, but not limited to attorney's fees and expert witness costs unless the other party is otherwise specifically required to pay such fees under applicable law. For claims that total more than $75,000, the AAA Rules will govern payment of filing fees and arbitration fees. The decision of the arbitrator will be in writing and binding and conclusive on IMSA and you, and judgment to enforce the decision may be entered by any court of competent jurisdiction. IMSA and you agree that dispositive motions, including without limitation, motions to dismiss and motions for summary judgment will be allowed in the arbitration. The arbitrator must follow these Terms of Use and can award the same damages and relief as a court, including injunctive or other equitable relief and attorney's fees. Notwithstanding the foregoing, IMSA and you agree not to seek any attorney's fees and expert witness costs unless the arbitrator finds that a claim or defense was frivolous or asserted for an improper purpose. IMSA and you understand that, absent this mandatory arbitration provision, IMSA and you would have the right to sue in court and have a jury trial. IMSA and you further understand that, in some instances, the costs of arbitration could exceed the costs of litigation and the right to discovery may be more limited in arbitration than in court.You have the right to opt-out and not be bound by these arbitration provisions by sending written notice of your decision to opt-out to the following Email address support@imsa.com AND by U.S. Mail to IMSA Legal Department, One Daytona Boulevard, Daytona Beach, Florida. The notice must be sent within the later of 30 days of your first use of IMSA.com or within 30 days of changes to this section being announced on IMSA.com, otherwise you shall be bound to arbitrate any disputes, claims, or controversies in accordance with the terms of these paragraphs. If you opt-out of these arbitration provisions, IMSA also will not be bound by them. If you do not affirmatively elect to opt out as described above, your use of IMSA.com will be deemed to be your irrevocable acceptance of these Terms of Use and any changes/updates to this section or otherwise.If any clause within these arbitration provisions is found to be illegal or unenforceable, that specific clause will be severed from these arbitration provisions, and the remainder of the arbitration provisions will be given full force and effect. In the event some or all of these arbitration provisions are determined to be unenforceable for any reason, or if a claim, dispute or controversy is brought that is found by a court to be excluded from the scope of these arbitration provisions, IMSA and you agree to waive, to the fullest extent allowed by law, any trial by jury.The terms of these arbitration provisions will also apply to any claims asserted by you against any Company Party, present or future parent or affiliated company of IMSA, or any person or entity involved in creating, producing or distributing IMSA.com, including, without limitation, third-party content providers, vendors and licensors, to the extent that any such claims arise out of your access to, and/or use of IMSA.com, and/or the provision of content, services, and/or technology on or through IMSA.com.17. Class Action Waiver. PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY -- IT MAY SIGNIFICANTLY AFFECT YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS.IMSA and you agree that IMSA and you will resolve any disputes, claims or controversies on an individual basis, and that any claims brought under these Terms of Use in connection with IMSA.com will be brought in an individual capacity, and not on behalf of, or as part of, any purported class, consolidated, or representative proceeding. IMSA and you further agree that IMSA and you shall not participate in any consolidated, class, or representative proceeding (existing or future) brought by any third party arising under these Terms of Use or in connection with IMSA.com.If any court or arbitrator determines that the class action waiver set forth in this paragraph is void or unenforceable for any reason or that arbitration can proceed on a class basis, then the disputes, claims or controversies will not be subject to arbitration and must be litigated in federal court located in Volusia County, Florida.The terms of this provision will also apply to any claims asserted by you against any Company Party, present or future parent or affiliated company of IMSA, or any person or entity involved in creating, producing or distributing IMSA.com, including, without limitation, third-party content providers, vendors and licensors, to the extent that any such claims arise out of your access to, and/or use of IMSA.com, and/or the provision of content, services, and/or technology on or through IMSA.com.18. Miscellaneous. These Terms of Use, including the Privacy Policy, and any operating rules for IMSA.com established by Company, constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersede all previous written or oral agreements between the parties with respect to such subject matter. The provisions of these Terms of Use are for the benefit of the Company Parties, present or future parent or affiliated companies of IMSA, and any person or entity involved in creating, producing or distributing IMSA.com, including, without limitation, third-party content providers, vendors and licensors and each shall have the right to assert and enforce such provisions directly or on its own behalf. If you access IMSA.com, including its Interactive Areas, from any location other than the United States, you accept full responsibility for compliance with all local laws. You are also subject to United States export controls and are responsible for any violations of United States embargoes or other federal rules and regulations restricting exports.  No waiver by either party of any breach or default hereunder shall be deemed to be a waiver of any preceding or subsequent breach or default. If any part of these Terms of Use is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, it will be replaced with language reflecting the original purpose in a valid and enforceable manner. The enforceable sections of these Terms of Use will remain binding upon the parties.  The section headings used herein are for convenience only and shall not be given any legal import.Neither IMSA nor you shall be liable for damages or for delays or failures in performance resulting from acts or occurrences beyond their reasonable control, including, without limitation: fire, lightning, explosion, power surge or failure, water, acts of God, war, terrorism, revolution, civil commotion or acts of civil or military authorities or public enemies: any law, order, regulation, ordinance, or requirement of any government or legal body or any representative of any such government or legal body; or labor unrest, including without limitation, strikes, slowdowns, picketing, or boycotts; inability to secure raw materials, transportation facilities, fuel or energy shortages, or acts or omissions of other common carriers.19. Notice of Infringement of Copyright.Company respects the rights of all copyright holders and in this regard, Company has adopted and implemented a policy that provides for the termination in appropriate circumstances of Users and account holders who infringe the rights of copyright holders. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide Company's Copyright Agent the following information required by the Online Copyright Infringement Liability Limitation Act of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, 17 U.S.C. Section 512:A. A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;B. Identification of the copyright work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site;C. Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material;D. Information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact the complaining party;E. A statement that the complaining party has a good-faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; andF. A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.For copyright inquiries under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act please contact:Copyright AgentInternational Motor Sports Association, LLCOne Daytona Blvd, Daytona Beach, FL 32114Email: copyright@imsa.comFor web posting, reprint, transcript or licensing requests for Company material, and for any other inquiries please contact info@imsa.com.For any questions or requests other than copyright issues or licensing requests, please contact support@imsa.com.These Terms of Use were last updated February 25, 2020.© 2020 International Motor Sports Association, LLCTerms of Use 10-19-13
MORE NEWS
Dutch Treat for Rolex 24 with Racing Team Nederland EntryTF Sport Joins Competitive GT Daytona Field for Rolex 24Performance Tech, Motel 6, Goldburg, Lindh Back Together for 2021Getting to Know You: No. 48 Cadillac DPi Drivers Learn About Car, Each Other at Daytona TestThe 2009–13 Aston Martin V12 Vantage is a Sure-Fire Future Collectible
OUR OFFICIAL PARTNERS