http://www.bhs.org.uk/privacy
Privacy Policy | British Horse Society
You are here:
Home
>
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Share this
Twitter
FaceBook
Data protection
The British Horse Society (BHS) is a data controller registered with the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (Registration Number: Z695351X).
Keeping your personal information safe is very important to us.  We are committed to complying with privacy and data protection laws and being transparent about how we process personal data.
We have policies, procedures and training in place to help our employees and volunteers understand their data protection responsibilities and follow the data protection principles.
We have a nominated member of staff who serves as our Data Protection Lead. If you have any questions regarding our Privacy Policy, please email dataprotection@bhs.org.uk.
This privacy policy relates to our use of any personal information we process about you.
How we collect personal data
We may collect your personal data in different ways, for example:
when you, your parent or guardian, your tutor or coach communicate with us by post, telephone, SMS, email or via our website
from our riding clubs, who forward us your information when you join them so that you are also enrolled as a member of British Riding Clubs
from the information you provide to us when you make an application to work for us, or from third parties such as your previous or current employers so we can verify details about you
as you interact with us in other ways; as a contractor, or in any other capacity
How we use personal information
We may collect your personal data in different ways, for example:
Membership applications, administration and renewals
Informing non-members about BHS events and services
Provision of training courses to individuals (who are or will become a BHS member to join the course)
Provision of exams to individuals (who are or will become a BHS member to take the exam)
Running events and camps
Accredited Professional Coach applications and ongoing management/administration/assessment
Applications and provision of scholarships and bursaries
Registration and affiliation of riding clubs, schools, and livery yards (to proprietors who are or will become members to fulfil the accreditation requirements)
Managing and responding to horse welfare issues
Fulfilling purchases from our online shop
Legacies management
Processing donations
Dealing with complaints and appeals
Undertaking Ride Safe Award assessments
Providing our Buddy Scheme
Providing horse passports
Undertaking governance - trustee and committee members, elections
Undertaking safeguarding activities including DBS checks and casework
Recording safety incidents and accidents
Carrying out surveys
Processing expenses
Employee administration
Employee and volunteer recruitment
Managing Public Rights of Way & Access Issues
Providing ‘Henry The Mechanical Horse’ activities
Running competitions
We only collect personal information that we genuinely need.
This may include:
Contact details such as name address, email address and phone numbers
Credit card details and any purchases you have made
Date of birth and gender
Any Special Educational Needs (SEN) requirements for exams including relevant medical records
Dietary requirements where this is required for catering
Qualifications
Name of your parent or guardian (if you are under 18)
Name and contact details of any next of kin where you are attending an event and are riding/carriage driving
Nationality
In respect of job applicants, we may also collect:
your bank account details, tax and residency status
references from previous employers or educational institutions
contact details for your family members and next of kin
information concerning your health and medical conditions
information about your race, ethnicity and sexual orientation
details of criminal convictions
Membership applications, administration and renewals
We will use the information that you provide to us to process your membership application and renew your application if appropriate. We will email and post you information about events, courses, our services and other items of interest, as part of your membership. You can opt out or unsubscribe from receiving this information if you wish. Our legal basis for using your personal information in this way is for the performance of a contract.
Informing non-members about BHS events and services
If you opt in to our mailing list we will use the information that you provide to email and post you information about our events, courses, our services and other items of interest. You can opt out or unsubscribe from receiving this information at any time if you wish. Our legal basis for using your personal information in this way is consent.
Provision of training courses to individuals (who are or will become a BHS member to join the course)
If you sign up to one of our training courses, we will use the information that you provide to us to process your registration and provide the course to you.
Our legal basis for using your personal information in this way is for the performance of a contract.
Provision of assessments to individuals (who are or will become a BHS member to take the exam)
If you apply to undertake one of our exams, we will use your information provided to us to process your application and enable you to undertake the exam. This will include sharing some of your information with the examiner. It may also include sharing your results with your trainer / coach, and collecting and sharing medical information with your examiner if you choose to provide that to us and if it is necessary. Our legal basis for using your personal information in this way is for the performance of a contract.
Running events and camps
If you register for one of our events or camps, we will use your information provided to us to process your registration and enable you to attend the event or camp. This will include sharing some of your information with our volunteers that run the event or camps. It may also include collecting and sharing medical information with them if you choose to provide that to us. Our legal basis for using your personal information in this way is for the performance of a contract.
If you choose to provide us with your dietary requirements we may share them with third parties that we use to provide catering at our events.
Applications for, and ongoing administration, management and assessments of Accredited Professional Coaches
If you apply to be an Accredited Professional Coach, we will use your information to process your application. This will include sharing relevant information with our Assessors. We will continue to use your personal information to administer and manage your accreditation and carry out ongoing assessments. Our legal basis for using your personal information in this way is for the performance of a contract.
Applications and provision of scholarships and bursaries
If you apply to for one of our scholarships or bursaries, we will use your information provided to us to process your application, and if appropriate, administer and manage the award. Our legal basis for using your personal information for this purpose is to fulfil our legitimate interest as an award giving organisation. This will include sharing some of your information with the respective coach/centre – as appropriate to the scholarship or bursary.
Registration and affiliation of riding clubs, schools, and livery yards (to proprietors who are or will become members to fulfil the accreditation requirements)
If you register for affiliation with us, we will use the information you provide to us to process your registration and manage your affiliation. Our legal basis for using your personal information for this purpose is for the performance of a contract.
Managing and responding to horse welfare issues
We will record and use relevant personal information provided to us relating to potential horse welfare issues and concerns. Where necessary, we will share relevant personal information with other organisations such as the RSPCA and the police. Our legal basis for using information for this purpose is that processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller (Animal Welfare Act 2006 Section 12 - Regulations To Promote Welfare).
Fulfilling purchases from our online shop
If you choose to make a purchase from our online shop, we will use your information you provide to fulfil your purchase. Our legal basis for using your personal information for this purpose is for the performance of a contract.
We use Sagepay to process payments.
We will share relevant information with our order fulfilment house to deliver your purchase. We may occasionally also use your contact information to email you information about similar products that you might be interested in. You can choose to unsubscribe from receiving these communications at any time.
Legacies management
If you kindly make a legacy pledge to us, we will use your personal information to manage your legacy. Our legal basis for using your personal information for this purpose is to fulfil our legitimate interest and fundraising objective.
Processing donations
If you kindly donate to us, we will use your personal information to collect your donation and maintain a record of our supporters. Our legal basis for using your personal information for this purpose is to fulfil our legitimate interest and fundraising objective.
Dealing with complaints and appeals
If a complaint or an appeal is raised with us, we will process the personal information that is provided to us to manage and resolve the complaint or appeal. This may include sharing relevant information with an affiliated organisation, such as The BEF or a riding club, a coach, welfare officer or other organisation, depending upon the nature of the complaint and the area it relates to. Our legal basis for using personal information for this purpose is to fulfil our legitimate interest and fulfil our objective of resolving complaints in a careful and appropriate manner.
Undertaking Ride Safe Award assessments
If you choose to apply to undergo a Ride Safe Assessments, we use the personal information that you provide to process your application and enable you to undertake the assessment. Our legal basis for using this information is for the performance of a contract.
Providing horse passports
We collect and use personal information to issue, replace and amend horse passports. Our legal basis for using personal information for this purpose is for the performance of a contract. We will share some personal information with DEFRA under the lawful basis of legal obligation.
Undertaking governance
We process relevant personal information about existing and potential trustee and committee members for governance purposes, including elections. This might include undertaking DBS and other checks to identify any criminal and other activity we need to be aware of to ensure that we select appropriate trustees and committee members. Our legal basis for this processing is to meet our legal obligations with the Charity Commission and Companies House.
Undertaking safeguarding activities including DBS checks and casework
When necessary, we process relevant personal information about members, volunteers, coaches, employees or other individuals for safeguarding purposes. This might include undertaking DBS and other checks to identify any relevant criminal activity. The lawful basis for processing data for DBS checks is:
DBS checks carried out on behalf of other organisations:	 6(1)(b) –
Contract
DBS checks carried out on British Horse Society staff or volunteers:
6(1)(c) – Legal Obligation
We may also process personal data as part of safeguarding casework activities. This data may relate to the reporter of an allegation, the victim of an allegation or the alleged perpetrator.
It may be necessary to share some personal information with relevant authorities such as the Police, The Safeguarding Advisory Board and an appropriate member of the respective Member Body – such as The BEF, The Pony Club or a BRC Riding Club (as appropriate to the specific safeguarding activity).
Data sharing will only be carried out where there is a reasonable belief that the transfer of any data could prevent further criminal activity.
The lawful basis for processing data for these safeguarding activities, in order to protect young people and vulnerable adults, is
6(1)(e) –
Processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller
Special Category data is processed under article 9 (2) (g) of the GDPR – Processing is necessary for reasons of substantial public interest - and Parts 1-3 of Schedule 1 of the Data Protection Act 2018.
Recording safety incidents and accidents
We record and retain relevant personal information about accidents, incidents and near misses that are reported to us. Our legal basis for this processing is to fulfil our legitimate interest and organisational objective to ensure every horse and rider is as safe as possible.   We analyse the information provided to us and use the statistics to lobby those in power to make the changes that are required to ensure riding is safer for all.
Carrying out surveys
If you choose to take part in one of our surveys, we will use the personal information that you provide to process the results of the survey and undertake analysis. We will not share the personal information that you provide in a survey with any other organisations. Survey results will be anonymised before being shared or published. Our legal basis for using personal information for this purpose is to fulfil our legitimate interest.
Processing expenses
We will use your personal information including your bank account details to process expense claims. Our legal basis for using your information for this is for the performance of a contract.
Employee administration and professional development of staff
We will process personal information of our employees to fulfil our contract with them. This includes payroll processing and the provision of training. We are required by law to share some financial information with the HMRC. We may also need to share some personal information with other organisations, for example solicitors, pension providers. Our legal basis for using your information for this is for the performance of a contract.
Employee and volunteer recruitment
If you provide us with information about yourself, such as a resume or curriculum vitae, in connection with a job or volunteer application or enquiry, we may use this information to process your enquiry. We will not store this information for any purpose other than that relating to your application. Our legal basis for using your information in this way is for our legitimate interest.
Managing Public Rights of Way & Access Issues
We are a statutory consultee for planning applications affecting Bridleways and other public access routes. As a volunteer, your personal information may be used in order to assist in the response to these applications. Volunteers’ personal data may also be used in the administration of affiliated ‘Access’ groups. Our legal basis for this processing is to fulfil our legitimate interest and organisational objective to ensure every horse and rider are as safe as possible.   We analyse the information provided to us and use the statistics to lobby those in power to make the changes that are required to ensure riding is safer for all.
Providing Henry The Mechanical Horse activities
If you choose to take part in an activity with Henry The Mechanical Horse, we will use the personal information that you provide to process the results of the survey and undertake analysis. We will not share the personal information that you provide in a survey with any other organisations. Survey results will be anonymised before being shared or published. Our legal basis for using personal information for this purpose is consent.
Running competitions
If you choose to take part in a competition run by The British Horse Society, we will use the personal information that you provide to administer the competition, inform the winners and carry out some publicity involving the winners. This may be on our website, in our magazine or on Social Media platforms. We will not share the personal information that you provide in a survey with any other organisations unless we have your explicit consent to do so. Our legal basis for using personal information for this purpose is for our legitimate interest.
General Statement About Using Agencies To Update Contact Information
The British Horse Society may make use of profiling and screening methods to produce relevant communications and provide a better experience for our members. Profiling can help us target our resources more effectively by gaining an insight into the background of our members and helping us to build relationships that are appropriate to your interests and capacity to give.
To do this we may use external data sources, such as telephone look up, via carefully selected agencies. This helps us meet one of the requirements of GDPR - Article 5.1.(d):  Personal data should be accurate and, where necessary, kept up to date.
This may include obtaining details of changes of address, date of birth, telephone numbers and other contact details, information related to your wealth, and consumption and demographic data generated through the MOSAIC geodemographic tool. It may also include information from public registers and other publicly available sources such as Companies House, newspapers and magazines.
For mailing and telephone based direct marketing campaigns, we may contact you by telephone and mailing campaigns under legitimate interest. We will not contact you if you are registered with the Telephone Preference Service (TPS) or Mail Preference Service (MPS) unless you have given us opt in consent that you are happy to receive calls or mailings from us.
You may still receive other types of telephone calls or mailings from us if you are on the Telephone Preference Service (TPS) or Mail Preference Service (MPS) as long as they are not for marketing purposes and are admin based, such as checking your direct debit mandate or Gift Aid status, welcome calls and thank you calls or mailings.
We do outsource some of the telephone calling we carry out as well as mailing programs, but we will only ever use carefully selected organisations which operate in a sympathetic manner to The British Horse Society. All Third Parties are subject to suitable Data Processing agreements and comply with DPA 2018 and the GDPR requirements relating to processing personal data.
Cookies and aggregate information collected from bhs.org.uk
We use cookies and log files on our website to store information about how you use our website. A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s computer tied to information about the user.  This enables us to create a profile which details your viewing preferences. We use your profile to tailor your visit to our website, to make navigation easier and direct you to information that best corresponds to your interests and country.
Aggregate information is collected from users using our own web tracker. This information includes users' Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time of visit, number of clicks, error pages and number of unique visits.
This information is not linked to personal profiles or to personally identifiable information provided by users.  We use it to analyse visitor trends and use of our website, administer the website and to gather broad demographic information of our website users. Our legal basis for using your information in this way is for our legitimate interest.
Our legal basis for processing personal information
We use a number of different lawful basis in order to collect, hold and use personal data. These are outlined in the relevant sections above.
We may process personal information because it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party (or to take steps at your request prior to entering a contract). For example, we may process your personal data:
To issue or administer a membership
To administer a training course and award a qualification
To supply merchandise you have ordered from our online shop
We may collect and use your personal data if it is necessary for our legitimate interest and so long as its use is fair, balanced and does not unduly impact your rights.
We will ask for your consent to send you marketing emails and text messages. You can withdraw consent for this at any time.
Usually we will only process sensitive personal data if we have your explicit consent. However, we may process special category data in order to carry out safeguarding activities to protect young people and vulnerable adults. The lawful basis for this is article 9 (2) (g) of the GDPR and Schedule 1, Parts 1-3 of the Data Protection Act 2018.
Sharing personal information
We will only share your personal information where we are required to fulfil our contract with you, or legitimate interest, where we have your consent, there is substantial public interest or we are required to do so by law.
We may share your personal information with third party organisations who will process it on our behalf, for example a mailing house, our website administrator or printers.
If necessary, we may also share your information with caterers, course providers, referees, and coaches.
We may also share your information with our bank to process a payment; our professional advisers (such as our legal advisers) where it is necessary to obtain their advice; and our IT support and data storage providers.
We process employee personal information to fulfil our contracts with our employees and meet our legal obligations as an employer.
Where required, we will process personal information to comply with our legal obligations. In this respect we may use your personal data to comply with subject access requests; tax legislation; for the prevention and detection of crime; and to assist the police and other competent authorities with investigations including criminal and safeguarding investigations.
In extreme situations, we may share your personal details with the emergency services if we believe it is in your ‘vital interests’ to do so. For example, if someone is hurt or taken ill during one of our events.
Very occasionally we may share personal data with the relevant authorities, such as the Police, The Safeguarding Advisory Board and an appropriate member of the respective Member Body – such as The BEF, The Pony Club or a BRC Riding Club (as appropriate to the specific safeguarding activity).
Data sharing will only be carried out where there is a reasonable belief that the transfer of any data could prevent further criminal activity.
Transferring personal data outside of the EEA
We may need to collect or send some personal information outside of the EEA, for example for horse passports.
If we transfer personal information to countries or jurisdictions which do not have a similar standard of data protection law in place, we will only do so to fulfil our contract with you and we inform you in advance of the need to transfer the information. For information about international transfers of personal data, you can contact the Data Protection Lead at dataprotection@bhs.org.uk
BHS International
Information belonging to non-EU citizens - who are physically within the borders of the EU at the time of processing of their personal data - is covered by GDPR, and by this Privacy Policy.
Information belonging to both EU and non-EU citizens - who are physically outside of the borders of the EU at the time of processing – is covered by GDPR, and by this Privacy Policy.
These individuals are Data Subjects under GDPR because The British Horse Society is an organisation “established” in the EU.
Your rights
If you no longer wish to receive communications about products and services from us, please contact contactpreferences@bhs.org.uk. You can also unsubscribe at any time to emails that we may send to you about the products and services that we think will be of interest to you.
You also have the right to:
Request a copy of the information we hold about you.
Requests should be addressed to dataprotection@bhs.org.uk. We will respond within one calendar month of receiving your written request.
Tell us to change or correct your personal information if it is incomplete or inaccurate. Please contact us at contactpreferences@bhs.org.uk
Ask us to restrict our processing of your personal data or to delete your personal data if there is no compelling reason for us to continue using or holding this information. Please contact us at dataprotection@bhs.org.uk
Receive from us the personal information we hold about you which you have provided to us, in a reasonable format specified by you, so that you can send it to another organisation. Please contact us at dataprotection@bhs.org.uk
Object, on grounds relating to your specific situation, to any of our processing activities where you feel this has a disproportionate impact on you. Please contact us at dataprotection@bhs.org.uk
Please note that we may be entitled to refuse requests where exceptions apply: for example, if we have reason to believe that the personal data we hold is accurate or we can show our processing is necessary for a lawful purpose set out in this Privacy Policy.
How long we keep your personal information
We will keep membership records for two years after the membership has expired, in order to administer our membership scheme. If a member’s record contains details about a BHS qualification, then the record will be kept indefinitely in order to support the administration of BHS assessments, provide proof of entitlement to work
and support the requirements placed upon us by our insurers.
We will keep membership records indefinitely, in order to administer our membership scheme
We will keep education, training and exam records indefinitely, in order to administer training and manage on-going entitlement to qualifications and further training and to provide statistical data for analysing our education and awards provision. Any Special Category data will be held for 3 months after the assessment/award date, in order to facilitate any complaint or appeal process.
We will keep records of events and camps for 2 years, in order to facilitate any insurance claim resulting from the activity.
We will keep APC records indefinitely, in order to administer and manage on-going entitlement to accreditation, qualifications and further training and to provide statistical data for analysing our APC provision.
We will keep Approved Centre records indefinitely, in order to administer and manage on-going entitlement to accreditation and to provide statistical data for analysing our Approved Centre service provision.
We will keep Volunteer records indefinitely, in order to administer and manage on-going activities/work our volunteers are engaged in and to provide statistical data for analysing our volunteer service and the impact it has on our organisational and charitable objectives.
We will keep Riding Club Membership records indefinitely, in order to administer and manage on-going entitlement to membership and event entry.
We will keep Horse Welfare records indefinitely, in order to administer and manage on-going activities/work we are engaged in and to provide statistical data for analysing our welfare service and the impact it has on our organisational and charitable objectives.
We will keep merchandise purchase records for one month, in order to administer the fulfilment of the order
We will keep legacy records indefinitely, in order to administer and manage legacies and the ongoing activities/work we are engaged in as a result of any legacy. We may also retain the data in order to provide statistical data for analysing legacies and the impact they have on our organisational and charitable objectives.
We will keep fundraising and donation records for 7 years, in order to comply with our legal obligations.
We will keep complaints records indefinitely, in order to administer and manage on going complaints and, where appropriate, provide a baseline for tracking complaints against centres/individuals for future reference to make informed decisions around accreditation/qualification/safeguarding/welfare issues, as is relevant.
We will keep passport records indefinitely, in order to comply with our legal obligation
We will keep governance records for 12 months, in order to administer the mechanism for carrying out trustee elections and in case of complaint.
We will keep DBS records for 6 months, in order to comply with our legal obligations
We will keep Safeguarding records
indefinitely, in order to comply with legal obligations
We will keep Safety/accident records indefinitely, in order to administer and manage the ongoing activities/work we are engaged in. We may also retain the data in order to provide statistical data for analysing our activities/work and the impact it has on our organisational and charitable objectives.
We will keep survey records indefinitely, in order to provide statistical data for analysing our activities/work and the impact it has on our organisational and charitable objectives.
We will keep staff records indefinitely, in order to comply with pension and tax obligations
We will keep expenses records for 7 years, in order to comply with our legal obligation
We will keep marketing records for 2 years, in order to carry out marketing within the legitimate interest of our business.
We will keep volunteer records for a maximum of two years after the volunteer has resigned from their post, in order to provide statistical data about volunteering or to facilitate queries around the planning application process.
Changes to this policy
This Privacy Policy may change from time to time. Where practical we will provide you with an updated Privacy Policy from time to time. However, we also recommend that you please visit this webpage periodically to keep up-to-date with the changes in our Privacy Policy.
Making a complaint to the Information Commissioner’s Office
If you are not satisfied with our response to any query you raise with us, or you believe we are processing your personal data in a way which is inconsistent with the law, you can complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office whose helpline number is: 0303 123 1113.
Please wait while we complete your membership
Processing your details...