http://www.equiport.co.uk/terms-of-use/
arrow_upward
Need help? Call us on (+44) 01565 723 525
menu
search
favorite_border
shopping_basket
search
Terms of Use
PART 1: About our Terms
These Terms and conditions (the "Terms") explain how you may use the Equiport Limited website www.equiport.co.uk (the "Site").
This Site is owned and operated by Equiport Limited (referred to in these Terms as "we", "us" and "our"). We are a company registered in England and Wales with company number 02985580 and our registered office is at 1 London Road, Allostock, Knutsford, Cheshire, WA16 9JD.
These Terms should be read in conjunction our Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy and our Terms of Sale. Please read these Terms carefully before using the Site. By accessing or using the Site, you agree to be bound by these Terms and the documents referred to in them. If you do not agree with or accept any of these Terms, you should stop using the Site immediately.
If you have any questions about the Site, please contact us by e-mail at sales@equiport.co.uk, or by telephone at 01565 723525.
PART 2: Using the Site
You agree that you are solely responsible for all costs and expenses you may incur in relation to your use of the Site and keeping your password and other account details confidential.
We seek to make the Site as accessible as possible. If you have any difficulties using the Site, please contact us at sales@equiport.co.uk.
We may prevent or suspend your access to the Site if you do not comply with any part of these Terms, any terms or policies to which they refer or any applicable law.
PART 3: Ownership, use and intellectual property rights
All content of the Site and the intellectual property rights subsisting in the content are owned by us and our licensors. Intellectual property rights include rights such as: copyright, trade marks, domain names, design rights, database rights and patents whether or not they are registered.
We and our licensors reserve all rights in any intellectual property in connection with these Terms.
Nothing in these Terms grants you any legal rights in the Site, its content and/or the intellectual property rights in the content. You agree not to adjust to try to circumvent or delete any notices contained on the Site (including any intellectual property notices) and in particular in any digital rights or other security technology embedded or contained within the Site.
You are strictly prohibited from using, copying or otherwise dealing with any of the trade marks or photographs, and any other content and intellectual property rights on this Site.
PART 4: Submitting information to the Site
While we try to make sure that the Site is secure but cannot guarantee the security of any information that you supply to us, and therefore we cannot guarantee that it will be kept confidential.
We may use any content that you send to us as we see reasonably fit on a free-of-charge basis (bear in mind that we have no way of knowing whether such information is confidential, commercially sensitive or valuable because we do not monitor the Site to check for these matters). Therefore, we will not be legally responsible for keeping any content that you submit to us confidential nor will we be legally responsible to you or anybody else for any use of such content.
PART 5: Accuracy of information and availability of the Site
While we try to make sure that the Site is accurate, up-to-date and free from bugs, we cannot promise that it will be. Furthermore, we cannot promise that the Site will be fit or suitable for any purpose. Any reliance that you may place on the information on this Site is at your own risk.
We may suspend or terminate operation of the Site at any time as we see fit.
Content is provided for your general information purposes only and to inform you about us and our products and news, features, services and other websites that may be of interest. It does not constitute technical, financial or legal advice or any other type of advice and should not be relied on for any purposes.
While we try to make sure that the Site is available for your use, we do not promise that the Site is available at all times nor do we promise the uninterrupted use by you of the Site.
PART 6: Hyperlinks and third party sites
The Site may contain hyperlinks or references to third party websites other than the Site. Any such hyperlinks or references are provided for your convenience only. We have no control over third party websites and accept no legal responsibility for any content, material or information contained in them. The display of any hyperlink and reference to any third party website does not mean that we endorse that third party's website, products or services. Your use of a third party site may be governed by the terms and conditions of that third party site.
PART 7: Limitation on our liability
Except for any legal responsibility that we cannot exclude in law (such as for death or personal injury), we are not legally responsible for any (i) losses that were not foreseeable to you and us when these Terms were formed or that were not caused by any breach on our part, (ii) business losses; and (iii) losses to non-consumers.
PART 8: Events beyond our control
We shall have no liability to you for any breach of these Terms caused by any event or circumstance beyond our reasonable control including, but not limited to, strikes, lock-outs or other industrial disputes; breakdown of systems or network access; or flood, fire, explosion or accident.
PART 9: Variation
These Terms were last updated in April 2018.
We reserve the right to vary these Terms from time to time. Our updated terms will be displayed on the Site and by continuing to use and access the Site following such changes, you agree to be bound by any variation made by us. It is your responsibility to check these Terms from time to time to verify such variations.
Get Our Deals First!
Want to get our latest deals first?
Sign up to our newsletter to hear about it first!
Stay In The Know
About Us
add
Equiport Blog
Company Info
Trade Stands
Testimonials
Customer Service
add
FAQs
Delivery & Returns
Sizing Information
Payment Information
How To Order
Gift Vouchers
Get In Touch
add
Contact Us
© Copyright Equiport Equestrian Supplies UK
Terms of Use
|
Terms of Sale
|
Privacy Policy
|
Cookies
eCommerce Web Design by Surefire Media