https://www.integratepaddling.org.uk/resources/club-documents/privacy-policy/
Integrate Paddling will be a “controller” of the personal information that you provide to us on-line, over the phone and through paper forms.
Why we need your personal information – contractual purposes
Members
We need to collect your personal information so that we can manage your membership. We will use your personal information to:
Set up your on-line membership account;
Provide you with core member services via a preferred method, including membership renewal information, coaching and training information and opportunities; member newsletters, information about club meetings
Provide you with details of forthcoming activities, events and competitions (as well as those of selected third parties (including our partner organisations and clubs)
Review, develop and improve the services and activities offered by us
Research, develop and manage new and existing programmes and projects and to promote paddlesport
Monitor club compliance with equal opportunities legislation and the Equality Standard For Sport and to promote / maintain equality of opportunity or treatment
Assist the SCA in its obligations under Equality legislation and its work to make paddlesport more accessible in Scotland
For statistical analysis
If you do not provide us with all of the personal information that we need to collect then this may affect our ability to offer the above membership services and benefits.
Leaders
We need to collect your personal information so that we can manage any training or qualifications that you gain through your participation. We will use Volunteer personal information to:
Maintain records of training and qualifications
Allocate appropriate roles to Volunteers based on their qualifications
If you do not provide us with all of the personal information that we need to collect then this may affect our ability to provide the above services.
Why we need your personal information – legitimate purposes
Why we need your personal information – legal obligations
We are under a legal obligation to process certain personal information relating to [members/participants/volunteers/club members] for the purposes of complying with our obligations under:
the Companies Act 2006 to maintain a register of our members, which includes our member name, address, the date they were admitted to membership and the date on which they ceased to be our member, and hold general meetings, including issuing notices and voting arrangements;
the Protection of Vulnerable Groups (Scotland) Act 2007 to check that our coaches and volunteers are able to undertake regulated work with children and vulnerable adults;
our sportscotland regulatory requirements to report on the size, achievements and profile of our members; and
the Equality Act 2010, which requires us to process personal information to make reasonable adjustments where necessary.
Other uses of your personal information
We may ask you if we can process your personal information for additional purposes. For example, to display a list of coaches able to deliver a particular training or qualification course. Where we do so, we will provide you with an additional privacy notice with information on how we will use your information for these additional purposes.
Who we share your personal information with
We share club member information with the SCA which is stored on the SCA’s Go Membership Portal.
We may be required to share personal information with statutory or regulatory authorities and organisations to comply with statutory obligations. Such organisations include Disclosure Scotland and Police Scotland for the purposes of safeguarding children. We may also share personal information with our professional and legal advisors for the purposes of taking advice.
If in the future The Club employs third party suppliers to provide services, including IT. These suppliers may process personal information on our behalf as “processors” and are subject to written contractual conditions to only process that personal information under our instructions and to protect it.
In the event that we do share personal information with external third parties, we will only share such personal information strictly required for the specific purposes and take reasonable steps to ensure that recipients shall only process the disclosed personal information in accordance with those purposes.
Members
Through affiliation to the SCA the club benefits from Civil Liability Insurance provided by Towergate Insurance Limited for officially recognised club activities. Where an insurance claim is made or notification of a possible claim received, we will pass personal data relating to the potential/actual claim to Towergate for the purpose of administering the claim. We share personal data with the SCA for audit and reporting purposes. The SCA uses this data to produce anonymised and aggregate reports on paddlesport participation and qualifications which are shared with sportscotland and the Scottish Government.
How we protect your personal information
Your personal information is stored on our electronic filing system and our servers based in the UK and Europe, and is accessed by our volunteers for the purposes set out above.
Where your personal information is transferred out with the EU, we will provide you with information regarding the safeguards that we have put in place with the recipient country to protect your personal information.
How long we keep your personal information
Members
We will only keep your personal information for as long as necessary to provide you with membership services. Unless you ask us not to, we will review and possibly delete your personal information where you have not renewed your membership with us for 3 years. We will keep certain personal information of members for longer in order to confirm your identity, when you were a member of club and for how long. We need to do this to comply with the Companies Act 2006, which requires us to keep a register of members and in the event of a claim against the club. In certain circumstances, e.g. regarding Safeguarding, we may keep information for longer periods of time. For full information about how long we keep different types of information please see the Club Data Retention Policy.
Your rights
You can exercise any of the following rights by writing to us at info@integratepaddling.org.uk. Your rights in relation to your personal information are:
You have a right to request access to the personal information that we hold about you by making a “subject access request”;
If you believe that any of your personal information is inaccurate or incomplete, you have a right to request that we correct or complete your personal information;
You have a right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information for specific purposes; and
If you wish us to delete your personal information, you may request that we do so. Any requests received by the club will be considered under applicable data protection legislation. If you remain dissatisfied, you have a right to raise a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office.
Search for:
Recent Posts
Ideas on where not to paddle
July 5, 2018
Highland Series 2014
March 17, 2014
Dee Marathon 2013
October 13, 2013
Great Glen Paddle 2013
May 7, 2013
Spey Marathon 2013
April 17, 2013
www.flickr.com
More photos or video tagged with integratepaddling on Flickr
Events