https://www.greenburngolfclub.co.uk/aboutus/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - Greenburn Golf Club
Greenburn Golf Club GREENBURN GOLF CLUB
Home
About Us
Contact / Find us
Committee
Sponsorship & Key Partners
Junior Development
Privacy Policy
Visitors
Book A Tee Time
Membership Packages
Green Fees & offers
Open Events
Visiting Parties
Corporate Packages
Members
Members Tee Booking
Joining the Golf Club
Flexible Membership at Greenburn Golf Club
Golf Course
Course Guide
Scorecard & Stroke Index
News
Fixtures & Events
Competitions
Matchplay Draws
Club & Social
Our Facilities
Restaurant & Catering
Social Events
Weddings & Functions
Skip to content Skip to primary sidebar
Book Tee Times
Privacy Policy
Introduction
This privacy policy sets out how we use and protect any information that you give to us when you become a member of Greenburn Golf Club.
We are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected and we will never release your personal details to any third party without your express consent. When you complete an application to join the club certain personal information is collected from you (for example: your name, email address, gender, golf handicap, type of  membership sought). You can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
Name and surname
Date of Birth
Current Address
Phone numbers
Email address
Gender
Occupation
Handicap ability
Membership Category
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to administer your membership and to provide the products and services you have requested from us and provide you with a better service for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
Sending subscription notices to you..
Recording financial transaction to your subscription account.
Contacting you with relevant club correspondence.
Maintaining a record of any competitions you play in.
Maintaining a record of your handicap and related CDH Number.
Providing you with a Member’s Gold Card for gaining access to the club and discounted bar facilities.
Confirm your handicap to other Golf Clubs if they request confirmation of your handicap for any competitions you have entered with them.
Greenburn Golf Club will retain your personal information on our club membership database for the duration of your membership.
We take your privacy seriously and all such information is held on secure servers. Greenburn Golf Club complies with all applicable Data Protection Regulations. We may change this policy from time to time by updating this policy and will notify you accordingly.
This policy is effective from 01/05/2018
Under General Data Protection Regulations you have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) if you think there is a problem  in the way your data is being handled.
Primary SidebarGreenburn Golf Club
6 Greenburn Road
Fauldhouse
EH47 9HJ
administrator@greenburngolfclub.co.uk
Telephone:
01501 770292
Copyright © 2020 Greenburn Golf Club All Rights Reserved.