http://www.sari.ca/terms-service
Terms & Conditions:
Personal identification information
SARI collects personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways including but not limited to, Users visiting our site, registering on the site,  an order fill-out a form-respond to a survey-subscribe to the newsletter and in connection with any other activities, services, features or resources made available on our site. A user’s name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information may be required to fulfil requests.
SARI will collect personal identification information from Users only when voluntarily submitted to SARI by the User. Users can may refuse to supply personally identifying information, acknowledging  that it may prevent a Userfrom engaging in certain site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
SARI may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with SARI’s site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about User’s means of connection to our the site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
SARI’s site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. Users may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
SARI  collects and uses personal information for the following purposes:
To improve customer service
Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To personalize user experience
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our site.
To improve our Site
We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To process transactions
We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share or sell this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
To administer a content, promotion, survey or other site feature
To send User’s information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
To send periodic emails
The email address Users provide for order processing will be used to send them information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions. If Users decide to opt-in to SARI’s mailing list, they will receive emails that may include news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving emails, unsubscribe instructions can be found at the bottom of each email or Usersmay contact SARI via our site.
How we protect your information
SARI adheres to appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on the site.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures. The site is in compliance with PCI vulnerability standards in order to create as secure  an environment as possible.
Changes to this privacy policy
SARI  has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. Revisions can be identified by the updated date at the bottom of this page. Users are encouraged to check this page regularly for any changes, and to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You as the User acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically to be aware of modifications.
Acceptance of these terms
By using this site, you signify your acceptance of this policy and terms of service. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use the SARI site. Your continued use of the site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Refund Policy
No Refunds.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
www.sari.ca
12659 Medway Road, R.R.#1 Arva, ON N0M 1C0
519-666-1123
info@sari.ca