https://www.iowaspeedway.com/legal-disclaimer/
Search
Contact Us
LOGIN
Skip to content
BUY TICKETS
Legal Disclaimer
Iowa Speedway Terms of Use
PLEASE REVIEW THE FOLLOWING TERMS THAT GOVERN YOUR USE OF THIS SITE.
ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS THROUGH USE
This website is provided as a service to our customers and may be used for informational purposes only. We make no representations about the suitability of IOWASPEEDWAY.COM for any other purpose.
By using any IOWASPEEDWAY.COM, you signify your knowledge and acceptance of all terms set forth below (the “Terms of Use”), as well as the Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, please do not use this website. We reserve the right, at our discretion and without prior notice, to revise the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Please check the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy periodically for changes. Your continued use of  IOWASPEEDWAY.COM following the posting of any changes to the Terms of Use or Privacy Policy constitutes acceptance of those changes.
SITE CONTENT
All materials contained in IOWASPEEDWAY.COM, including without limitation all images, text, software, illustrations, designs, logos, icons, video and audio content, products and services available on or through the sites, and other materials and items, as well as each site as a whole (collectively the “Contents”), are owned, controlled and/or licensed by Iowa Speedway. The Contents are protected by trademark, trade dress, copyright, and/or other intellectual property rights of  Iowa Speedway or third-party licensors against any unauthorized uses not expressly permitted by these Terms of Use. All worldwide rights, titles and interests in and to the Contents are owned by Iowa Speedway or third party licensors.
IOWASPEEDWAY.COM and its Contents are intended solely for your personal informational and entertainment use. You may copy or download the Contents for your personal use only, provided that (i) you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices, (ii) you make no modifications to any Contents, (iii) you do not use any Contents materials in a manner that suggests an association with Iowa Speedway, event, product, service, or brand, and (iv) you do not download quantities of Contents to a database that can be used to avoid future downloads from IOWASPEEDWAY.COM. Otherwise, you may not copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit, distribute, modify, create derivative works from, sell or participate in any sale of, or exploit in any way, in whole or in part, any of the Contents, IOWASPEEDWAY.COM, or any related software without Iowa Speedway’s prior written consent. Any use of the Contents on any non Iowa Speedway site or computer environment is strictly prohibited. In the event you download software from any IOWASPEEDWAY.COM, the software, including any files, images, or data accompanying, incorporated in or generated by the software (collectively, the “Software”), are licensed to you for your personal, noncommercial use only. We do not transfer title to the Software or any other materials on IOWASPEEDWAY.COM. You may not redistribute, sell, de-compile, reverse engineer, disassemble, modify, or otherwise reduce the Software to a human-readable form.
LAWFUL USE
You agree to use the IOWASPEEDWAY.COM and the Contents for lawful purposes only. For example, you agree not to post on or transmit through IOWASPEEDWAY.COM any material which: violates or infringes in any way upon the rights of others; is threatening, abusive or harassing; is defamatory; is invasive of privacy or publicity rights; is obscene or otherwise objectionable; or encourages conduct that would violate any law or give rise to civil or criminal liability. You agree to abide by the Terms of Use and any additional terms or conditions imposed by Iowa Speedway or any third-party content providers in connection with the Contents or any other third-party content, software or services available on or through IOWASPEEDWAY.COM. You agree not to use IOWASPEEDWAY.COM so as to damage, disable, overburden or impair Iowa Speedway or interfere with any other party’s use and enjoyment of IOWASPEEDWAY.COM. You also agree not to obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available or provided for through IOWASPEEDWAY.COM.
DISCLAIMER
You assume all responsibility and risk for any use of the isc sites and the contents, which are provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis for your personal, non-commercial use. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, we disclaim all warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including without limitation implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, noninfringement, and security or confidentiality of use or information. We make no representations or warranties regarding IOWASPEEDWAY.COM or the contents, including without limitation the availability of IOWASPEEDWAY.COM, any corrective efforts for any defects or errors on or in the sites, the absence of any viruses, bugs or other harmful components, or the accuracy, reliability or completeness of the contents. Costs associated with any servicing, repair, or correction associated in any way with any use of IOWASPEEDWAY.COM or the contents are your sole responsibility.
Goods or services neither manufactured nor rendered by Iowa Speedway are the sole responsibility of the manufacturer or provider of those goods or services. We disclaim all warranties and responsibility for those goods and services. IOWASPEEDWAY.COM may contain links to websites controlled by parties other than Iowa Speedway. Those links are provided for your convenience only; we disclaim all warranties and responsibility for those websites, and for the accuracy, availability, or completeness of any content found on those websites. We make no representations or warranties as to the security of any information (including without limitation credit card and other personal information) you might be requested to give any third party, and you hereby irrevocably waive any claim against Iowa Speedway with respect to such sites and third-party content.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Under no circumstances shall Iowa Speedway or its subsidiaries, affiliates, licensors, sponsors, or promotional partners be liable for any direct or indirect loss, damage (whether punitive, incidental, special, or consequential), injury, claim, liability or other cause of any kind resulting from or in any way associated with IOWASPEEDWAY.COM, the contents, any linked sites, or any use thereof. This limitation applies to the fullest extent permitted by any applicable law and whether the alleged liability is based on contract, tort, negligence, strict liability, or any other basis, even if Iowa Speedway has been advised of the possibility of such damage.
INTERNATIONAL USE
Iowa Speedway makes no representation that IOWASPEEDWAY.COM or the Contents are appropriate or available for use in locations outside the United States. If you use IOWASPEEDWAY.COM or Contents from a location other than the United States, you are solely responsible for compliance with all applicable local laws, including without limitation any import and export regulations.
SUBMISSIONS
By posting or submitting content to this site, you (1) grant Iowa Speedway and its affiliates and licensees the right to use, reproduce, display, perform, adapt, modify, distribute, have distributed, and promote the content in any form, anywhere and for any purpose; and (2) warrant and represent that public posting and use of that content by Iowa Speedway will not infringe or violate the rights of any third party.
RISK OF LOSS
All items purchased from any IOWASPEEDWAY.COM are made pursuant to a shipment contract. This means that the risk of loss and title for such items passes to you upon our delivery of the product to the carrier.
SEVERABILITY AND INTEGRATION
Unless otherwise specified herein, this agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and Iowa Speedway with respect to the IOWASPEEDWAY.COM and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals (whether oral, written, or electronic) between you and Iowa Speedway with respect to IOWASPEEDWAY.COM. If any part of these Terms of Use is held invalid or unenforceable, that portion shall be construed in a manner consistent with applicable law to reflect, as nearly as possible, the original intentions of the parties, and the remaining portions shall remain in full force and effect.
TERMINATION
Iowa Speedway reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate your access and license to all or part of this site, with or without notice.