https://www.windtreegolf.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Menu ClubsDriversHybridsIronsPuttersWedgesBallsClothingShoesEquipmentGolf BagsTraining AidsLearningWho we are Our website address is: https://www.windtreegolf.comThird party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to your website or other websites.Google’s use of advertising cookies enables it and its partners to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and/or other sites on the Internet.Users may opt out of personalized advertising by visiting Ads Settings. (Alternatively, you can direct users to opt out of a third-party vendor’s use of cookies for personalized advertising by visiting www.aboutads.info.)windtreegolf.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com, windtreegolf.com is also a participant in the Amazon EU Associates Programme, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to the following websites Amazon.com, Amazon.co.uk, Amazon.ca, Amazon.de, de.BuyVIP.com, Amazon.fr, Amazon.it, it.BuyVIP.com, Amazon.es, es.BuyVIP.com.Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to your website or other websites.Google’s use of advertising cookies enables it and its partners to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and/or other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of personalized advertising by visiting Ads Settings. (Alternatively, you can direct users to opt out of a third-party vendor’s use of cookies for personalized advertising by visiting www.aboutads.info.)Comments When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.Comments When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.An anonymised string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.Media If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.Cookies If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.Embedded content from other websites Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.How long we retain your data If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.What rights you have over your data If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.Where we send your data Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Windtree Golf > Privacy Policy
Search for:
Recent Content The Best Golf Drivers for High Handicappers SuperSpeed Golf Training System Review Tour Striker Smart Ball Review: How Does it Rate? Bettinardi Putters Review: The Best You Can Get? Big Moss Putting Green Review [Competitor V2] Majek Golf Clubs: Do the Reviews Stack Up? In-Depth Tour Striker Educator Review The Best Golf Training Aid for Swing Plane Swing Voice Caddie SC200 Plus+ Review 5 Must Have Golf Accessories that Every Golfer Needs!An affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.