http://www.pcansw.org.au/policies/privacy-terms
THE PONY CLUB ASSOCIATION OF NSW
About
Faq
Contact
Privacy & Terms
Pony Club Association of New South Wales Inc (PCANSW) is committed to the protection of your personal information. Any personal information you provide to PCANSW will be used for those purposes which the information was gathered for as stated and related purposes which can be reasonably expected.
PCANSW will not disclose any personally identifiable information obtained from you to other parties or for purposes other than those stated above, unless you provide your written consent to us, with the following exceptions:
Where there are grounds to believe that disclosure is required in order to prevent a threat to health or life
Where PCANSW suspects that unlawful activity is or has been engaged in, such personal information may be used to investigate the suspected unlawful activity or
The use is authorised by law or reasonably necessary to enforce the law.
Information that you provide through various means will be kept safe and secure within PCANSW.
PCANSW may also use your personal information for the purposes of direct marketing in relation to promotional activities where it is impracticable for us to obtain your prior written consent.
However, when PCANSW does this, we will provide an express option for you to decline receiving any further marketing communications from PCANSW, via an opt out mechanism. PCANSW will only send you emails if you have elected to receive such emails or if they are in response to an email we have received from you.
At anytime, you may also notify us if you do not wish to receive marketing materials or other communications from PCANSW. Please put this request in writing and send to the address below or telephone PCANSW on (02) 42298977.
Should your contact details or address change, please inform us. If you have any queries or concerns about your personal information which PCANSW maintains, please send the details of your query or concern in writing to:
Executive Director
PCANSW
PO Box 2085
WOLLONGONG NSW 2500
Thank you for taking the time to read this important statement.
GENERAL INFO
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT
Find your nearest Club!
My Pony Club
Online Store
GET CONNECTED
Follow and share us on your favourite social media site.
STAY IN TOUCH
Subscribe to our PonE newsletter to stay up to date.
© The Pony Club of New South Wales Inc. All rights reserved.
PRIVACY & TERMS WEBSITE BY RODIN