http://www.msprotege.com/forum/index.php?help/privacy-policy/
Menu
Activity
Forums
Clubhouse
Marketplace
CX-30
CX-5
CX-50
CX-9
CX-90
Miata
MX-30
Mazda3
Mazda6
Other Mazdas
Resources
Photos
About
Disclosure
Log in
Register
What's new
Search
Search
Search titles only
By:
Search
Advanced search…
Latest activity
Register
Menu
Log in
Register
Install the app
Install
About Mazdas247
You are using an out of date browser. It
may not display this or other websites correctly.You should upgrade or use an alternative browser.
Privacy Policy
Navigation
About Mazdas247
Our Story
Earn Trophies
Your Support
Affiliate Disclosure
Rules, Terms and Guidelines
Privacy Policy
Cookie Use
Effective date: September 1, 2020
Welcome to Mazdas247. Mazdas247 ("us", "we", or "our") operates https://mazdas247.com (also referred to as "website" or "Service"). We're committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data. We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
-- Definitions --
Service: Service is the https://mazdas247.com website operated by Mazdas247
Personal Data: Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from that data (or from that and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
Usage Data: Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
Cookies: Cookies are small files stored on your device (computer or mobile device).
Data Controller: Data Controller means the natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal information are, or are to be, processed.
Data Processors (or Service Providers): Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller.
Data Subject (or User): Data Subject is any living individual who is using our Service and is the subject of Personal Data.
-- Information (also referred to as "data") Collection and Use --
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
- Types of Data Collected -
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
- Your username
- Your email address
- Your IP address
Further data may be collected if you choose to share it, such as if you fill out fields on your profile. We collect some or all of this information in the following cases:
- You register as a Mazdas247 Member
- You fill out our contact form
- You browse Mazdas247 (see Cookie Policy)
- You fill out fields on your profile
In addition to notifying you of activity on our site which may be relevant to you, from time to time we may wish to communicate with Mazdas247 members any important information such as newsletters or announcements by email. You can opt-in to or opt-out of receiving such emails from your Mazdas247 Account page.
Usage Data
We may also collect information on how the Service is accessed and used ("Usage Data"). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Cookie & Tracking Policy
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and we hold certain information.
Cookies are files with a small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Other tracking technologies are also used such as beacons, tags and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
Advertising Cookies. Advertising Cookies are used to serve you with advertisements that may be relevant to you and your interests.
For more information on our Cookie Usage, please visit our Cookie Usage Page.
- Use of Data -
Mazdas247 uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain our Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer support
To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service
To monitor the usage of our Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) and General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are a Resident of California or from the European Economic Area (EEA), the Mazdas247 legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Data we collect and the specific context in which we collect it.
Mazdas247 may process your Personal Data because:
We need to perform a contract with you
You have given us permission to do so
The processing is in our legitimate interests and it is not overridden by your rights
To comply with the law
Retention of Data
Mazdas247 will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes and enforce our legal agreements and policies. Mazdas247 will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer periods.
-- Transfer of Data --
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to and maintained on computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those of your jurisdiction. If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to the United States and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Mazdas247 will take all the steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
-- Disclosure of Data --
- Business Transaction -
If Mazdas247 is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.
- Disclosure for Law Enforcement -
Under certain circumstances, Mazdas247 may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
- Legal Requirements -
Mazdas247 may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of Mazdas247
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
-- Security of Data --
The security of your data is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
-- Our Policy on "Do Not Track" Signals under the California Online Protection Act (CalOPPA) --
You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.
-- Your Data Protection Rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) and General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) --
If you are a resident of California or the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. Mazdas247 aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete or limit the use of your Personal Data. If you wish to be informed about what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.
In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:
The right to access, update or delete the information we have on you. Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. However, this right does not apply when we need to retain the personal information in order to do any of the following:
Provide services to users
Detect or resolve security or functionality-related issues
Comply with the law
Conduct research in the public interest
Carry out any actions for internal purposes that users might reasonably expect
If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact us to assist you.
The right of rectification. You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete.
The right to object. You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data.
The right of restriction. You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information.
The right to data portability. You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format.
The right to withdraw consent. You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where Mazdas247 relied on your consent to process your personal information.
The right to non-discrimination. You have the right not to be discriminated against for having exercised your rights under the CCPA.
The right to contact a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data.
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.
-- Service Providers --
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), provide the Service on our behalf, perform Service-related services or assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
- Hosting -
Mazdas247.com is hosted by Summit Tech. A private technology firm based in Montreal, Canada.
- Analytics -
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page.
- Advertising -
We may use third-party Service Providers to show advertisements to you to help support and maintain our Service. These Service Providers may use information about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements on our site, other websites and other forms of media about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies including the ability to opt-out, please visit the following websites:
NAI, DAA, Amazon, eBay AdChoice and eBay Advertising preferences
- Google AdSense & DoubleClick Cookie
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our Service. Google's use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our Service or other websites on the Internet. You may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick Cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting the Google Ads Settings web page.
- AdMob by Google
You can opt-out from the AdMob by Google service by following the instructions described by Google.
For more information on how Google uses the collected information, please visit the "How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or app" web page or visit the Privacy Policy of Google web page.
-- Links to Other Sites --
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
-- Children's Privacy --
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children").
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
-- Acceptance of this Privacy Policy --
Continued use of Mazdas247 signifies your acceptance of this privacy policy. If you do not accept our privacy policy then please do not use or visit Mazdas247. When registering for a Mazdas247 account, we will further request your acceptance of our privacy policy.
-- Changes to This Privacy Policy --
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
-- Contact Us --
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
- By email: contact@mazdas247.com
About Mazdas247
Top