http://www.equity.co.uk/website-terms
Equity HomeEducational School TripsSki TripsSports TripsCollege & Uni TripsInternational Groups
Enhancing the lives of young people through experiences that inspire
01273 648 248
Get a quote
MenuAbout EquityEquity tripsContact
Follow via Facebook
Follow via Twitter
Follow via Youtube
Newsletter sign-up
Terms of Use
Thank you for accessing the Equity website, www.equity.co.uk, www.equityschooltravel.co.uk, www,schoolski.co.uk and www.equitystudenttravel.co.uk are the websites of Equity Limited ("EQUITY TRAVEL"). Company registered number 02598164. Below are the terms and conditions (the "Terms") that applies to the content available at www.equity.co.uk, www.equityschooltravel.co.uk, www,schoolski.co.uk and www.equitystudenttravel.co.uk (the "Website"), and its usage. In these Conditions, "you" and "your" means any and all persons using this website. Please read these terms before using the Website. If you do not accept our terms and conditions in full, you must stop using our web site immediately. YOUR USE OF THIS WEB SITE CONSTITUTES YOUR AGREEMENT TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS OF USE.
1. Website License
As a user of this Website, unless otherwise stated, you are granted a single user, non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable limited license to access and use the web site and its content in accordance with these Terms of Use. EQUITY TRAVEL may terminate this license at any time where it considers its copyright or intellectual property rights have been infringed accidentally or otherwise or that the scope of usage is or is intended to be outside the permitted Terms of Use.
Certain products and services are available to users who are prepared to complete registration documentation. Upon satisfactory completion of registration documentation online or offline, confidential access codes may be provided to enable continued access online with full or partial permitted exposition of particular data files or permitted downloading of content. The access code(s) so provided are intended for your sole use and may not be passed to co-workers or to third parties. If accidental or other misuse of confidential access codes occurs or is believed to occur, EQUITY TRAVEL reserves the right to treat each such occurrence(s) as a breach of the Terms of Use and to withdraw access to the products and services. If the user becomes aware or suspects an unauthorised person has obtained the access codes, the user should immediately notify EQUITY TRAVEL so the situation may be rectified.
2. Your Conduct
The Content on this Website is for your personal use only within the organisation or entity to which you are attached and it is not for intended for commercial exploitation unless agreed in writing between both parties by the relevant competent authorizing individual and or department within EQUITY TRAVEL. You may not modify, disassemble, lease, rent, transmit, re-transmit, sell, sublicense or otherwise create derivative works for commercial or non-commercial exploitation by yourself or the organisation or entity to which you are attached or permit third parties to so do. Unlimited or wholesale reproduction, copying of the content for commercial or non-commercial purposes and unwarranted modification of data and information within the Content is not permitted.
3. Content Third Party Content and Links
EQUITY TRAVEL will take all reasonable endeavours to ensure the accuracy of such material(s) remain to the best of SCHOOL TRAVEL's knowledge. EQUITY TRAVEL reserves the right to make alterations to products and services from time to time in the intervention of maintenance, operability, accuracy, topicality and usefulness. EQUITY TRAVEL warrants that it has taken all reasonable endeavours to ensure such material(s) is free of intellectual property infringement insofar that this is possible. In addition, this web site may provide links to other Internet sites or resources ("third party links"). EQUITY TRAVEL is providing these third party links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link to such sites does not imply endorsement by EQUITY TRAVEL of those sites. As EQUITY TRAVEL has no control over such external resources and sites, you acknowledge and agree that EQUITY TRAVEL is not responsible for the availability of such external resources and sites, and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such external resources and sites. EQUITY TRAVEL may terminate the availability of such external resources and sites through links on its web site at any time. EQUITY TRAVEL will not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, products, goods or services available on or through these channels.
4. Intellectual Property Rights
All travel information content made available on this Website including, but not limited to text, data, graphics, and icons, are copyrighted materials owned by EQUITY TRAVEL. www.equitystudenttravel.co.uk and other unique resource locators (URL) and or other SCHOOL TRAVEL logos and product and service names are trademarks of EQUITY TRAVEL, which are protected by applicable laws of certain countries. All rights are reserved. You must not remove, overprint, or deface any notice of copyright, trademark, logo, legend, or other notice of ownership from any originals or copies of software or information from the web site. Any unauthorized use of any Materials contained on this web site may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.
5. Disclaimer of Warranties
While every effort has been made to ensure the quality and accuracy of information displayed on this web site, EQUITY TRAVEL makes no warranty, express or implied, concerning the Website and its contents, and disclaims all warranties, including, but not limited, warranties of fitness for a particular purpose and warranties of merchantability. EQUITY TRAVEL makes no further warranty that the Website or any websites linked thereto will be error-free, or free of viruses or other harmful components, or that any defects will be corrected.
The information on the Website pages may be updated from time to time and may at times be out of date. We accept no responsibility for keeping the information on these pages up to date or liability for failure to do so. You must ensure you check all details of your chosen holiday or travel arrangements (including the price) at the time of booking.
EQUITY TRAVEL disclaims all responsibility for any loss, injury, claim, liability or damages of any kind arising from the use of this Website or access to third party links, contents or sites via this Website. EQUITY TRAVEL DOES NOT warrant that access to this Website or linked websites will be available at all times, but it will take all necessary steps to rectify any fault(s) as soon reasonably practicable.
Any material downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of this Website is done at your own discretion and risk. You are solely responsible for any damage to your computer system, or loss of data that may occur following the download of any such material. No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from EQUITY TRAVEL or through from this Website will create any warranty not expressly stated in the terms. EQUITY TRAVEL employees are NOT authorized to alter these terms.
6. Liability
EQUITY TRAVEL accepts responsibility for any holiday or travel arrangements booked with us in accordance with the then current, applicable Booking Terms & Conditions from the time a binding legal contract between EQUITY TRAVEL comes into existence. We cannot, however, accept any other liability whatsoever.
7. Limitations of Liability
To the extent not prohibited by applicable law, EQUITY TRAVEL is not liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, special, punitive, or exemplary damages, including but not limited to damages for loss of profits, revenue, use, goodwill, electronically transmitted orders, data, or other economic advantage (even if EQUITY TRAVEL has been advised of the possibility of such damages), however caused and regardless of the theory of liability out of or related to:
The use or the inability to use this Website.
The cost of procurement of substitute goods and services resulting from any goods, data, information, or services purchased or obtained or messages received through or from the Website.
Unauthorised access to or alteration of your transmissions of data.
Statements or conduct of any third party on the Website.
Any other matter relating to the EQUITY TRAVEL Website.
You have sole responsibility for adequate protection and backup of data and / or equipment used in connection with the Website, and will not make a claim against EQUITY TRAVEL for lost data, inaccurate output, work delays or lost profits resulting from the use of the materials. You agree to hold EQUITY TRAVEL harmless from any possible damage, and agree not to sue EQUITY TRAVEL for any claims based on using this Website.
Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.
8. Privacy
EQUITY TRAVEL is committed to maintaining the privacy of those using its web site and has a privacy policy that governs the treatment of any personal information received through your visit to its web site. Your use of this web site is subject to the EQUITY TRAVEL privacy policy, which can be accessed by clicking the following link.
9. Severability
If a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of the Terms of Use to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavour to give effect to the parties' intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of the Terms of Use remain in full force and effect.
10. Headings
The section titles in the Terms of Use are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect.
11. No Waiver
The failure of EQUITY TRAVEL to exercise or enforce any right or provision of this Terms of Use Agreement does not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
12. Governing Law and Jurisdiction
This Terms of Use Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the England and Wales. By accessing this web site you are agreeing that the Courts of England will deal with any disputes, which may arise between you and us, and that English law shall be the applicable law.
back to top
Contact Us
01273 648 248 (Mon - Fri 9.00 - 5.15)
@ tours@equity.co.uk
Register for E-Newsletters
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Search ...
Go
Get a Quote
View the full Sitemap
© Equity 2020 All rights reserved.
Website termsBooking ConditionsHealth & SafetyPrivacy PolicyJobs
Primary School TripsSecondary School TripsSki TripsSports TripsCollege & Uni TripsInternational Groups