http://www.helderbergvillage.org.za/privacy-policy
LOGIN
HOMES
FACILITIES
HEALTHCARE
SECURITY
ASSISTED쟊IVING
MANAGEMENT
NEWS
CONTACT
MAP
VIRTUAL TOURS
BROCHURE
LOGIN
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We are committed to protecting the privacy of your personal information and will only collect, use or disclose this information in accordance with applicable laws and this privacy policy. By providing personal information to us, you accept and consent to our use of your personal information in accordance with this policy. If you disagree with the terms outlined in this policy or are younger than 18, please do not supply any personal information.
The information you supply
You뭠l be supplying information about yourself when corresponding with us or when using our websites. For example:
 When you buy goods or services from us online, over the phone or in person;
 When you enquire about or provide information by filling out a form
 When you enter a competition via our website or social media
 When you register to use one of our websites or when you participate in blog discussions or other social media functions on our websites
 When you contact us to request information about our company or a specific listing.
 The information you supply may include your name, age, address, email address and phone number.
The information we collect and how we use cookies
Apart from the information you give us, we may also automatically collect information about you when you visit our websites, including through the use of cookies. Cookies are small data files that are downloaded onto your computer when you visit a particular website. Examples of information we may collect include:
Technical information such as your computer뭩 IP address and your browser type
Information about your visit such as the products you viewed or searched for, the length of your visit and the pages that you visited.
Cookies help us gather and store information about visitors to our websites. They help our websites remember what you chose on previous pages (to avoid having to re-enter information) and can help us to identify you as a unique visitor, tailor content based on past visitation and provide you with an optimised experience. Our cookies typically do not gather personally identifiable information.
If you prefer not to receive cookies you can adjust your Internet browser to refuse cookies or to warn you when cookies are being used. However, most of our websites will not function if cookies are turned off. We therefore strongly recommend that you leave cookies fully functional. For more information about cookies and how to manage them, please see http://www.allaboutcookies.org/cookies.
How we use your information
The information you supply is generally used to provide you with a product or service which you have requested from us (for example, if you have requested to list a property or requested information from us).
We will not use your information to market to you unless we have your implied or express consent. For example, if you have enquired about our services, we may ask your consent to receive marketing materials about those services. If you receive electronic communications from us, we will always provide you with an opportunity to unsubscribe from receiving further information from us.
We may also use the information we collect from you when you use our websites (such as the areas of a website accessed by you and your IP address) to:
Administer our websites and to try and keep our websites safe and secure
Help us gain a better understanding of your likes and dislikes so to improve our websites and the services we offer
Allow you to participate in interactive features of our websites
Make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of our websites about goods or services that may interest you or them.
We may also share the cookie information we gather from our websites with our related companies for the above purposes.
Disclosure of your information
We will not disclose your personal information to third parties except:
 with your consent;
 where we are required or authorised by law to do so, for example to law enforcement agencies.
Our websites may sometimes contain links to other websites. With the exception of other sites owned by us, we do not control the privacy practices of sites reached through links from our websites. If you have any questions about the privacy practices of those websites then you should contact the relevant companies directly.
Access to your information
You have the right to access and change the personal information we hold about you. You can access and change your personal information by contacting us.
Security
We take appropriate measures to keep your personal information secure. We have implemented physical and electronic procedures to protect the personal information we collect. If you have an account with us, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account details including your password, and are responsible for any activity under your account. We will not be responsible for any loss arising from your failure to comply with this obligation.
Due to its nature, transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure. Although we will protect your personal data in accordance with this policy, we cannot guarantee the security of any data transmitted to our websites and any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security measures to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Contact us
If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy please contact us.
Contact Me