http://www.hornseagolfclub.co.uk/cookie-policy
Home
Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy
A cookie is a small file which
asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the
file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site.
Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page
traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We
only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find
useful and which you do
not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can
usually modify your
browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. You may wish to visit www.aboutcookies.org which contains comprehensive information on how to do this on a wide variety of browsers. You will also find details on how to delete cookies from your computer as well as more general information about cookies.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct
marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to usor filling out the form on the contact page
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission
or are
required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please
write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will
promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Cookies we use
Cookie
Name
Purpose
Type
More info
Google Analytics
_utma
_utmb
_utmc
_utmv
_utmz
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualise and personalise the ads of its own advertising network.
Persistent
Click here for an overview of privacy on Google
Google Maps
We will embed Google Maps content onto the website; Google will then track your usage of maps, your IP address and location.
Session
Click here for more information about how Google use cookies
Twitter
Twitter uses cookies for widgets such as the 'Follow' and 'Tweet' buttons which allow you to control your activity on their service, without the need to have their website open on your machine at that particular time.
Persistent
Click here for more information about how Twitter use cookies
Youtube
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVEYSCPREF
We embed Youtube videos onto the website; Youtube will then track your usage of the video, how long you watch it for, your IP address and location.
Session
Click here for an overview of privacy on Youtube
PHP Session Cookie
PHPSESSID
We use cookies when you are logged in to the members area so that we can remember this fact. This prevents you from having to log in every single time you visit a new page. These cookies are typically removed or cleared when you log out to ensure that you can only access restricted features and areas when logged in.
Session
@HornseaGolfClub
Tweet
Follow @HornseaGolfClub
Contact Us
Hornsea Golf Club Limited
Rolston Road
Hornsea
East Yorkshire
HU18 1XG
01964 534989
office@hornseagolfclub.co.uk
embed google mapsphplinkdir.com