http://www.bridgend-town-cricket.co.uk/privacy-policy/
search
Home
About Us
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Service
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy:Bridgend-town-cricket Inc ("Bridgend-town-cricket") operates Bridgend-town-cricket.co.uk and may operate other websites. It is Bridgend-town-cricket's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Bridgend-town-cricket collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Bridgend-town-cricket's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Bridgend-town-cricket's visitors use its website. From time to time, Bridgend-town-cricket may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Bridgend-town-cricket also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on Bridgend-town-cricket.co.uk blogs/sites. Bridgend-town-cricket only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Bridgend-town-cricket's websites choose to interact with Bridgend-town-cricket in ways that require Bridgend-town-cricket to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Bridgend-town-cricket gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up
at Bridgend-town-cricket.co.uk to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Bridgend-town-cricket are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Bridgend-town-cricket collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with Bridgend-town-cricket. Bridgend-town-cricket does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Bridgend-town-cricket may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. Bridgend-town-cricket may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Bridgend-town-cricket does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Bridgend-town-cricket discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Bridgend-town-cricket's behalf or to provide services available at Bridgend-town-cricket's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Bridgend-town-cricket's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Bridgend-town-cricket will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Bridgend-town-cricket discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Bridgend-town-cricket believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Bridgend-town-cricket, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an Bridgend-town-cricket website and have supplied your email address, Bridgend-town-cricket may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with Bridgend-town-cricket and our products.
If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Bridgend-town-cricket takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Bridgend-town-cricket uses cookies to help Bridgend-town-cricket identify and track visitors, their usage of Bridgend-town-cricket website, and their website access preferences. Bridgend-town-cricket visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Bridgend-town-cricket's websites, with the drawback that certain features of Bridgend-town-cricket's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Bridgend-town-cricket, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Bridgend-town-cricket goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Bridgend-town-cricket may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Bridgend-town-cricket and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Bridgend-town-cricket may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Bridgend-town-cricket's sole discretion. Bridgend-town-cricket encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a Bridgend-town-cricket.co.uk account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
December 2020
M
T
W
T
F
S
S
« Jul
123456
78910111213
14151617181920
21222324252627
28293031
Recent Posts
Basics about Network
About Network Devices
Things You Should Know About Home Computer Network
SEO-Boosting Tips for Earning More Quality Backlinks
Categories
Business
Computers and Technology
Internet
Home
About Us
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Service
Contact Us