http://www.european-athletics.org/european-athletics/privacy-policy/index.html
Who we areWhat we do
1 Which of your data is collected and processed when you visit our website?
2 Where is our website hosted?
3 How do we protect the transfer of data between our website and your computer?
4 Integrated Services
5 Analytics and Tracking
6 Who has access to your data?
7 Will your data be transferred abroad?
8 How long will your data be stored?
9 Is your data safe?
10 Which are your rights under data protection law?
11 Data protection officer
12 Right to file complaints with regulatory authorities
13 Important information concerning "Phishing"
14 Do you have concerns or questions?   The European Athletics website is run by European Athletics Association (EAA), an association established under Swiss law with its domicile at Avenue Louis-Richmond 16 in 1003 Lausanne, Switzerland. The EAA is represented by its CEO, Mr. Christian Milz. Your privacy and the protection of your personal data are matters of great importance. All data processing acts are carried out in line with the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection (LPD) and, where applicable, the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). This document explains which of your personal data is processed through the European Athletics website, how this is done, for which purposes and based on which legal permissions. Please read it very carefully.
1 Which of your data is collected and processed when you visit our website?Whenever you use this website, a variety of personal information will be collected. Personal data comprises data that can be used to personally identify you. This Data Protection Policy explains which data we collect as well as the purposes we use this data for. It also explains how, and for which purpose the information is collected. We herewith advise you that the transmission of data via the Internet (i.e. through e-mail communications) may be prone to security gaps. It is not possible to completely protect data against third party access. We automatically receive and record certain information on our server logs from your browser when you visit our website, in particular:
(i)              your IP address,
(ii)            date and time of access,
(iii)           name and URL of accessed files,
(iv)           the website from which you access our website (URL Referrer),
(v)            the operating system of your computer and your browser,
(vi)           the country from which you access our website and your language settings and
(vii)          the name of your internet access provider.
We use this information to enable you to access our website, to ensure safety and stability of our website, to customize and optimize our website for you and for statistical purposes. In particular, we use your IP address to optimize settings of the website, e.g. to adapt the language, and to be able to react to attacks to the network infrastructure of EAA. All these data processing activities are based on our legitimate interests (art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR).
2 Where is our website hosted?This website is hosted by an external service provider (host). Personal data collected on this website are stored on the servers of the host. These may include but are not limited to the types of data mentioned in the previous section. The host is used for the purpose of fulfilling the contract with our potential and existing customers (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR) and in the interest of secure, fast and efficient provision of our online services by a professional provider (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR). Our host will only process your data to the extent necessary to fulfil its performance obligations and to follow our instructions with respect to such data. In order to guarantee processing in compliance with data protection regulations, we have concluded an order processing contract with our host.
3 How do we protect the transfer of data between our website and your computer?This website uses SSL or TLS encryption for security reasons and for the protection of the transmission of confidential content, such as the inquiries you send to us as the site operator. You can recognize an encrypted connection in your browser's address line when it changes from "http://" to "https://" and the lock icon is displayed in your browser's address bar. If SSL or TLS encryption is activated, the data you transfer to us cannot be read by unauthorized third parties.
4     Integrated ServicesRequest by e-mail, telephone or faxIf you contact us by e-mail, telephone or fax, your request, including all resulting personal data (name, request) will be stored and processed by us for the purpose of processing your request. We do not pass these data on without your consent. The processing of these data is based on Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR, if your request is related to the execution of a contract or if it is necessary to carry out pre-contractual measures. In all other cases, the processing is based on your consent (Article 6 (1) a GDPR) and/or on our legitimate interests (Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR), since we have a legitimate interest in the effective processing of requests addressed to us. The data sent by you to us via contact requests remain with us until you request us to delete, revoke your consent to the storage or the purpose for the data storage lapses (e.g. after completion of your request). Mandatory statutory provisions - in particular statutory retention periods - remain unaffected. YouTubeOur website uses plugins from YouTube, which is operated by Google. The operator of the pages is YouTube LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, USA. If you visit one of our pages featuring a YouTube plugin, a connection to the YouTube servers is established. Here the YouTube server is informed about which of our pages you have visited. If you're logged in to your YouTube account, YouTube allows you to associate your browsing behavior directly with your personal profile. You can prevent this by logging out of your YouTube account. YouTube is used to help make our website appealing. This constitutes a justified interest pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR. Further information about handling user data, can be found in the data protection declaration of YouTube under https://www.google.de/intl/en/policies/privacy and additionally here: https://support.google.com/youtube/answer/2801895?hl=en Newsletter-ServiceIf you would like to receive our newsletter, we require a valid email address as well as information that allows us to verify that you are the owner of the specified email address and that you agree to receive this newsletter. No additional data is collected or is only collected on a voluntary basis. We only use this data to send the requested information and do not pass it on to third parties. We will, therefore, process any data you enter onto the contact form only with your consent per Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR. You can revoke consent to the storage of your data and email address as well as their use for sending the newsletter at any time, e.g. through the "unsubscribe" link in the newsletter. The data processed before we receive your request may still be legally processed. The data provided when registering for the newsletter will be used to distribute the newsletter until you cancel your subscription when said data will be deleted. Data we have stored for other purposes (e.g. email addresses for the members area) remain unaffected. Links to other websitesIf any part of the Website links to other websites, those websites do not operate under this Privacy Policy. If you choose to visit an advertiser or click on another third-party link, you will be directed to that third party’s website. We do not exercise control over third party websites and therefore recommend you examine the privacy statements posted on these other websites to understand their procedures for collecting, using and disclosing personal information. Facebook Plug-InOur website includes plugins for the social network Facebook, Facebook Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, California 94025, USA. The Facebook plugins can be recognized by the Facebook logo or the Like button on our site. For an overview of Facebook plugins, see
https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/ . When you visit our site, a direct connection between your browser and the Facebook server is established via the plugin. This enables Facebook to receive information that you have visited our site from your IP address. If you click on the Facebook "Like button" while you are logged into your Facebook account, you can link the content of our site to your Facebook profile. This allows Facebook to associate visits to our site with your user account. Please note that, as the operator of this site, we have no knowledge of the content of the data transmitted to Facebook or of how Facebook uses these data. For more information, please see Facebook's privacy policy at https://www.facebook.com/policies. If you do not want Facebook to associate your visit to our site with your Facebook account, please log out of your Facebook account. The use of the Facebook plug-in is based on Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. The operator of the website has a legitimate interest in being as visible as possible on social media. Twitter Plug-InFunctions of the Twitter service have been integrated into our website and app. These features are offered by Twitter Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA. When you use Twitter and the “Retweet” function, the websites you visit are connected to your Twitter account and made known to other users. In doing so, data will also be transferred to Twitter. We would like to point out that, as the provider of these pages, we have no knowledge of the content of the data transmitted or how it will be used by Twitter. For more information on Twitter's privacy policy, please go to
https://twitter.com/privacy . Your privacy preferences with Twitter can be modified in your account settings at
https://twitter.com/account/settings. The use of Twitter plug-ins is based on Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. The operator of the website has a legitimate interest in being as visible as possible on social media. Instagram Plug-InWe have integrated functions of the public media platform Instagram into our website. These functions are being offered by Instagram Inc., 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA. If you are logged into your Instagram account, you may click the Instagram button to link contents from our website to your Instagram profile. This enables Instagram to allocate your visit to our website to your user account. We have to point out that we as the provider of the website and its pages do not have any knowledge of the content of the data transferred and its use by Instagram. The use of the Instagram plug-in is based on Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. The operator of the website has a legitimate interest in being as visible as possible on social media. For more information on this subject, please consult Instagram’s Data Privacy Declaration at: https://instagram.com/about/legal/privacy/. We would like to point out that we use so-called cookies and tracking tools (see below section 5). We may also transfer data to third parties and/or abroad (see below section 3, 6 and 7).
5    Analytics and TrackingWhat are cookies and are cookies used on our website? A cookie is a small file sent to your browser from a web server to be stored on your computer. A cookie cannot give access to your computer or any information stored on your computer. We use cookies to allow our website to respond to you as an individual by gathering and remembering information about your preferences when using our website, so that when you next visit our website, your preferences for using it are already set. Cookies are also used to personalize the content you view on our website. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. However, please note that this may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website. To view more information regarding cookie settings, please visit: For Google Chrome:
http://www.google.com/support/chrome/bin/answer.py?answer=95647 For Microsoft Edge and Internet Explorer:   http://www.microsoft.com/info/cookies.mspx For Mozilla Firefox:       https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences?redirect=no For Apple Safari 5:        https://support.apple.com/en-gb/guide/safari/sfri11471/mac
Google Analytics: What are tracking tools and how are they used?We use a so-called tracking tool on our website. This tool analyzes your behavior on our website. We use this information to optimize and customize our website. In the context of these tracking tools, user profiles based on pseudonyms are being created, and cookies are set (see above). Specifically, we use the services of Google Analytics.
It is operated by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. Please find further information on this tracking tool and the relevant data processing here: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en. Please study this link very carefully.
The storage of Google Analytics cookies and the utilization of this analysis tool are based on Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. The operator of this website has a legitimate interest in the analysis of user patterns to optimize both, the services offered online and the operator’s advertising activities. If a corresponding agreement has been requested (e.g. an agreement to the storage of cookies), the processing takes place exclusively on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR; the agreement can be revoked at any time. On this website, we have activated the IP anonymization function. As a result, your IP address will be abbreviated by Google within the member states of the European Union or in other states that have ratified the Convention on the European Economic Area prior to its transmission to the United States. The full IP address will be transmitted to one of Google’s servers in the United States and abbreviated there only in exceptional cases. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google shall use this information to analyse your use of this website to generate reports on website activities and to render other services to the operator of this website that are related to the use of the website and the Internet. The IP address transmitted in conjunction with Google Analytics from your browser shall not be merged with other data in Google’s possession. Google Demographic DateWe would like to highlight the following aspects of Google Analytics for your complete information:
Demographic data collection: Our website uses Google Analytics' demographic features. This allows reports to be generated containing statements about the age, gender, and interests of site visitors. This data comes from interest-based advertising from Google and third-party visitor data. This collected data cannot be attributed to any specific individual person. You can disable this feature at any time by adjusting the ads settings in your Google account or you can forbid the collection of your data by Google Analytics as described in the section "Refusal of data collection". Refusal of data collection: You can prevent these cookies being stored by selecting the appropriate settings in your browser. However, we wish to point out that doing so may mean you will not be able to enjoy the full functionality of this website. You can also prevent the data generated by cookies about your use of the website (incl. your IP address) from being passed to Google, and the processing of these data by Google, by downloading and installing the browser plugin available at the following link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.
6    Who has access to your data? As a principle, only the staff and personnel of EAA has access to your data. We do our best to keep your data confidential at all times, e.g. by confidentiality agreements entered into with the persons who have access to your data. We may provide data also to companies who work on behalf of European Athletics under confidentiality agreements and/or so-called data processing agreements.
We may furthermore share your data if we are legally obliged to respond to subpoenas, court orders, claims, legal processes or other legal obligations. We may share your data also if we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, emergency situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of European Athletics ‘s terms of use, or as otherwise required by law. We may also transfer your data to third parties if this is required in the context of analyzing your use of our website and/or to offer customized services to you, as described further above.
7    Will your data be transferred abroad? EAA has the right to transfer your data to third parties (so-called third-party processors) domiciled abroad, if this is required for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. If these third parties are domiciled in a country with a lower level of data protection than Switzerland or the European Union, we use contractual agreements or other legal arrangements to make sure that your data is adequately protected.
However, we would also like to inform you specifically that in the United States, surveillance mechanisms may exist which can broadly save and/or monitor all the data transferred to the United States. This may happen without a detailed differentiation or limitation and/or not based on objective criteria, which would restrict access of US authorities to your data. We would also like to inform you that in the United States, you may not have similar legal remedies to protect your data as they may exist in Switzerland and/or the European Union. It is important to us to underline these factual and legal circumstances so that you are adequately informed and so that you can take an informed decision about the use of your data and whether you consent to the data processing activities described in this Privacy Policy.
8    How long will your data be stored? We store your data only for so long as it is necessary
(i)              to use the mentioned tracking tools,
(ii)            to render services as you required them or as you have given us your consent and
(iii)           to meet our legal obligations, in particular in what concerns statutory requirements to keep accounting and business records.
9    Is your data safe?  We want you to feel confident about using our website. For that reason, we have implemented reasonable technical and organizational measures designed to secure your information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure. However, the internet is an open system and we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat those measures or use your information for improper purposes. If you communicate with us by e-mail, you should note that the secrecy of internet e-mail is uncertain. By sending sensitive or confidential e-mail messages or information which are not encrypted, you accept the risk of such uncertainty and possible lack of confidentiality over the internet. We also ask you to always treat your payment information (in particular credit card information) confidentially at all times. We recommend you to always close the internet browser after having communicated with us, in particular if you share your computer with other persons.
10  Which are your rights under data protection law?You have the right to receive free of charge information about the personal data that we store about you upon request. In addition, you have the right to correct inaccurate data and the right to delete your personal data, as far as there is no statutory requirement or another legal permission to store and/or record data. In addition, you have the right, in accordance with Articles 18 and 21 GDPR, to demand a restriction of data processing and to oppose to data processing. You also have the right to reclaim from us the data you have given us (right to data portability). On request, we also pass the data on to a third party of your choice. You have the right to receive the data in a common file format. If a data processing is based on your consent, you can revoke this consent at any time. You can reach us for the aforementioned purposes via the e-mail address privacy@european-athletics.org. You can also tell us what to do with your information after you die by giving us instructions. We may, at our sole discretion, require proof of identity to process your requests. When you contact us, we will do our best to provide you with a response as soon as possible and to take the appropriate steps.
11    Data protection officerWe have appointed a data protection officer for our Association.
Markus Knipp European Athletics Avenue Louis-Ruchonnet 16 CH-1003 Lausanne Switzerland Telephone: (41 21) 313 43 50 e-mail: privacy@european-athletics.org
12    Right to file complaints with regulatory authoritiesIf you live in an EU country, you have the right to complain to a data protection supervisory authority at any time. A list of data protection officers in the EU member states and their contact details can be found at the following link: https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/data-protection-eu_en#dataprotectionauthorities. If there has been a breach of data protection legislation, the person affected may file a complaint with the competent regulatory authorities. The competent regulatory authority for matters related to data protection legislation is the data protection officer of Switzerland in which our Association is headquartered. For details follow this link: https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/edoeb/de/home.html.
13  Important information concerning "Phishing"Identity theft and the practice known as “phishing” are of great concern to us. Safeguarding information to help protect you from identity theft is a top priority for us. We do not and will not, at any time, request your credit card information, your account ID, login password or national identification numbers in a non-secure or unsolicited e-mail or telephone communication.
14  Do you have concerns or questions?If you have any concerns or questions about how your data is processed or managed, please do not hesitate to contact us at all times via office@european-athletics.org.
NewsKaramarinov consults IOC over European athlete safeguarding Duplantis contemplates a return to Torun on the road to Tokyo Lewandowski announced as European Indoor Championships event ambassador Lamdassem breaks Spanish record with 2:06:35 in the Valencia Marathon World record-holder Duplantis crowned male World Athlete of the Year
Photo Galleries
Video Galleries
NewsletterStay informed of all the latest news from European Athletics by registering for its weekly newsletter.
Click here to register »
Federation Partner
Official Photographic Agency
Supporting Hotel of European Athletics
Go to top page Events & Meetings CalendarEuropean Athletics ChampionshipsEuropean Athletics Indoor ChampionshipsEuropean Athletics Team ChampionshipsSPAR European Cross Country ChampionshipsAll Events and MeetingsDiscontinued Events European Athletics Quick Links PublicationsEmploymentInternational PartnersArena/ExtranetCompetition RegulationsContact UsNew Headquarters
Honours & Awards SustainabilityEducation ProgrammeCoaching Summit SeriesYoung Leaders CommunityMedical & Anti-Doping Athletes ProfilesDisciplinesAthlete of the MonthGolden TracksData Protection Media AccreditationNewsletter SubscribtionAthletics Literature Archive
Copyright © 2013. All rights reserved www.european-athletics.org - Term and Conditions |
Privacy Policy