https://www.wasps.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Wasps Holdings Limited (covering Wasps Rugby, Wasps Netball and Ricoh Arena) is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This Privacy Policy (together with our Terms of Use and any other documents referred to on it) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us.  It also sets out your privacy rights and how the law protects you. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. By visiting www.wasps.co.uk, www.waspsnetball.co.uk or www.ricoharena.com you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
Important Information and Who We Are
Wasps Holdings Limited is the data controller and responsible for your personal data (collectively referred to as ‘Wasps Holdings Limited’, ‘we’, ‘us’ or ‘our’ in this Privacy Policy). Wasps Holdings Limited (company number 04187289) is registered at Ricoh Arena, Judds Lane, Longford, Coventry, CV6 6AQ.
We do not knowingly collect data relating to children without the knowledge of their parent or guardian.
We have appointed someone who is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions in relation to this Privacy Policy, including any requests to exercise your rights in relation to data protection, please contact them using the details below.
John Parker, Corporate Development Director, at Wasps Holdings Limited, Ricoh Arena, Judds Lane, Longford, Coventry, CV6 6AQ, or by email at privacy@wasps.co.uk or privacy@ricoharena.com.
This website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit.
Information we may collect about you
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).
We may collect, use, store, transfer and process the following information (including personal data) about you.
a) Information you give us You may give us information about you by filling in forms on our sites www.wasps.co.uk, www.waspsnetball.co.uk or www.ricoharena.com (our sites) or by corresponding with us by phone, email or otherwise.
This includes information you provide when you register to use our sites, subscribe to certain services or publications (including our email newsletters), place an order on our sites, purchase tickets or merchandise on our sites, enter a competition, promotion or survey, view video content on our sites, request marketing to be sent to you, give us some feedback or when you report a problem with our sites.The information you give us may include:
Identity Data including your full name, title, date of birth, gender, vehicle type, vehicle purchase date and likely vehicle replacement timing (as applicable).
Contact Data including billing address, delivery address, email address and phone number.
Financial Data including financial and credit card information.
Transaction Data including details about payments to and from you, and other details of products and services you have purchased from us.
Profile Data including your username and password, purchases or orders made by you, your interests, preferences, feedback, survey responses and website activity.
Marketing and Communications Data including your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences. We also collect, use and share Aggregated Data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data may be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy notice.We may collect ‘special categories of personal data’ about you (this includes details about your religious or philosophical beliefs and information about your health). We will ask you to provide such special categories of data if we need to know about a dietary requirement or medical condition as part of providing our products and/or services to you, for example allocating you disabled access seating at a game or when registering your children for Community Camps. If you fail to provide personal dataWhere we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with goods or services). In this case, we may have to cancel a product or service you have with us but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
b) Information we collect about you automatically With regard to each of your visits to our sites we may automatically collect technical data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies, server logs and other similar technologies. We may also receive technical data about you if you visit other websites employing our cookies. Please see our Cookie Policy below for further details. We may automatically collect the following information:Technical information, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this website.Information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from our sites (including date and time); products you viewed or searched for; page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page and any phone number used to call our customer service number.
c) Information we receive from other sources
We may receive information about you if you use any of the other websites we operate or the other services we provide. In this case we will have informed you when we collected that data that it may be shared internally and combined with data collected on this site.
We are also working closely with third parties including business partners and providers of technical, payment and delivery services from whom we may receive contact, financial and transaction data. These business partners include:
AXS
Ericsson
Two Circles
Jade Studios
Vodafone
Dell Technologies
Verteda Solutions
Reach PLC
Lead Forensics
Design Agency
Wasps Community Foundation
Super Dream
AS&S
WePlayWe may also receive technical data from advertising networks, analytics providers and search information providers (such as Google and Two Circles) and identity and contact data from data brokers and aggregators (such as Data HQ and Mash Media).
Cookies
Our websites uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our websites. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our websites and also allows us to improve our sites. For detailed information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them see our Cookie Policy (at the bottom of this page).
How we use your personal data
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
Where we need to provide goods and/or services to you when you request us to do this.
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
Generally we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data other than in relation to sending third party direct marketing communications to you via email or text message. You have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by contacting us.
Purposes for which we will use your personal data
We have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate.
Please note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data. Please contact us if you need details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your personal data where more than one ground has been set out in the table below.
Purpose/Activity
Type of data
Lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest
To register you as a new customer of products and services purchased via our websites
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
Performance of a contract with you
To process and deliver your order including:
(a) Manage payments, fees and charges
(b) Collect and recover money owed to us
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Financial
(d) Transaction
(e) Marketing and communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to recover debts due to us)
To manage our relationship with you which will include:
(a) Notifying you about changes to any of our terms or Privacy Policy
(b) Asking you to leave a review or take a survey
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Marketing and communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
(c) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated and to study how customers use our products/services)
To enable you to partake in a prize draw, competition or complete a survey
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Usage
(e) Marketing and communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them and grow our business)
To administer and protect our business and our websites (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data)
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical
(d) Financial
(a) Necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganisation or group restructuring exercise)
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
To deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you and measure or understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Usage
(e) Marketing and communications
(f) Technical
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them, to grow our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
To use data analytics to improve our websites, products/services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences
(a) Technical
(b) Usage
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to define types of customers for our products and services, to keep our websites updated and relevant, to improve our sites to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your devices, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
To make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of the sites about goods or services that may be of interest to you or them
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical
(d) Usage
(e) Profile
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop our products/services and grow our business)
Change of purpose
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact us by writing to us at Wasps Holdings Limited, Ricoh Arena, Judds Lane, Longford, Coventry, CV6 6AQ, or by email at privacy@wasps.co.uk or privacy@ricoharena.com.
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
Promotional offers from us
You will receive marketing communications from us by email, SMS, telephone, post, social media or digital advertising (via cookies or similar) if you have requested such information from us or purchased goods or services from us.
Information we receive from other sources
We may combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you. We may use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive).
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may share your personal information internally with any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006.
We may also share your personal data with selected external third parties including:
Group companies and other associated companies of Wasps Holdings Limited.
Business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with them or you, including:
Ericsson
Two Circles
Ticketmaster
Shopify
Verteda Solutions
Jaguar Land Rover
Advertisers and advertising networks that require the data to select and serve relevant adverts to you and others, including:
Google
Facebook
Jade Studio
Trinity Mirror
Third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy notice.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Wasps Holdings Limited, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection.
We may collect, use and share aggregated data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated data may be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. We may provide our advertisers with aggregate information about our users (for example, we may inform them that 500 men aged under 30 have clicked on their advertisement on any given day). We may also use such aggregate information to help advertisers reach the kind of audience they want to target (for example, women in SW1). However, if we combine or connect aggregated data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy notice.
Selected Wasps Holdings Limited sponsors and partners (who include, as at the date of this document, Jaguar Land Rover Limited) for marketing purposes, including:
Jaguar Land Rover
Under Armour
Dell Technologies
DS Smith
Npower
Scutum
Ricoh
Lear Corporation
Heineken
Purity Brewing Co
Majestic Wine
Gett
EQ Nutrition
Matrix
TM Lewin
Robert Welch
GreenFields Personal data will ONLY be shared for marketing purposes where you have consented (by freely giving a specific, informed and unambiguous indication of your wishes through positive action, i.e. where you have ‘opted in’) to us providing your information. For the avoidance of doubt, we will not pass on your information to any unauthorised third parties without your express consent. You may subsequently ‘opt-out’ of the use of the personal data for marketing purposes using the ‘Unsubscribe’ link found in the footer of any email you receive from us or such third parties or by contacting us.
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
STORING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
International transfers
The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination within the European Economic Area (‘EEA’). It may also be processed by staff operating within the EEA who works for us or for one of our suppliers. Such staff maybe engaged in, among other things, the fulfilment of your order, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We do not transfer your personal data outside the EEA.
Data security
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our sites, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our sites; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
Data retention
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
By law we have to keep basic information about our customers (including contact, identity, financial and transaction data) for six years after they cease being customers for tax purposes.
In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data: see Request erasure below for further information.
In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
YOUR RIGHTS
You have the right to:
Request correction of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.
Request erasure of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
Object to processing of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
Request restriction of processing of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios: (a) if you want us to establish the data's accuracy; (b) where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it; (c) where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or (d) you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Request the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
Withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
In certain circumstances, you can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data.  You can also contact us at privacy@wasps.co.uk or privacy@ricoharena.com if you wish to exercise your rights
Our sites may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates.  If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.  Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
ACCESS TO INFORMATION
You also have the right to your personal data (known as a ‘data subject access request’). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and check that we are lawfully processing it.
If you wish to make a request for access to your information, please contact us at Wasps Holdings Limited, Ricoh Arena, Judds Lane, Longford, Coventry, CV6 6AQ, or by email at privacy@wasps.co.uk or privacy@ricoharena.com.
No fee usually required
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights), although we have the right to charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
What we may need from you
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
Time limit to respond
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Any changes we may make to our Privacy Policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by email. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our Privacy Policy.
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us.
CONTACT
Questions, comments and requests regarding this Privacy Policy are welcomed and should be addressed to Wasps Holdings Limited, Ricoh Arena, Judds Lane, Longford, Coventry, CV6 6AQ or privacy@wasps.co.uk  or privacy@ricoharena.com