http://www.donnington-grove.com/privacy-policy
Home
Virtual Reality Tour
The Hotel
Rooms
Gallery
History
Testimonials
Things To Do
Golf
Driving Range
Book a Tee Time
The Course
Membership
Membership Offer
Golf Shop
Golf Days
Green Fee Prices
Open Competitions
Etiquette & Dress Code
MEMBERS SECTION
MEMBERS LOYALTY CARD
Golf Breaks
Winter Wonder - 3 for 2!
Meetings & Events
Function Rooms
Business Rates/Packages
Dining
Menus
Our Chef
Provenance
COVID-19 2020
Sunday Lunch
Weddings
Packages
Wedding Breakfasts
Gallery
Beauty & Treatment
Fishing
Clay Pigeon Shooting
Gift Vouchers
What's On...
Contact Us
T&C’s
Our Vision
Directions
Check Room Availability
Make A Table Booking
Privacy Policy
The team at Donnington Grove understand how important it is to protect your personal information. As individuals, we use companies and websites to provide us with goods, services and information. We care about how everyone’s personal data is used, including our own. We ensure the use of your personal data is necessary for the purpose and respectful of your rights and privacy.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
This policy was last updated May 2018. The Privacy Policy may change from time to time. Any changes will be displayed on this web page.
About Sandtrend Limited T/A Donnington Grove Country Club
Donnington Grove Country Club is a company registered in England and Wales.
Company Number: 04460633
Registered Office: 68 Grafton Way 68 Grafton Way, London, England, W1T 5DS
Registered with the Information Commissioner’s Office, reference number [ICO Number]
How to Contact Donnington Grove
You can contact us via telephone, email or post.
Data Protection Officer, Donnington Grove , Grove Road, Newbury, West Berks RG14 2LA.
01635 581 000
enquiries@donnington-grove.com
Sandtrend Limited T/A Donnington Grove Country Club is a Data Controller and a Data Processor as defined in the General Data Protection Regulations 2018 (‘GDPR’).
If you wish to exercise any of your rights under the GDPR legislation, please contact us by:
Telephone, email or post listed above.
Lawful Basis
> We use Contract as the Lawful Basis where we are providing you with goods and services. This includes some “Strictly Necessary” website cookies that are essential to provide you with features such as a shopping cart on our website. More details about the website cookies we use can be found in our Cookie Policy.
We use Consent as the Lawful Basis where we are sending you marketing information that you have agreed to receive.
What information do we collect from you?
We collect information from you that is necessary and proportionate to allow us to provide our goods, services and information to you.
Information You Give to Us
This is information you provide to us includes:
Marketing – your name, email address, phone number and address if provided.
Contractual – your name, email address, phone number, address, date of birth, company information, copy of your passport for overseas visitors, credit card details and any other information necessary for the provision of our contracted services to you.
Information We May Collect About You
We collect and store information about you such as the use of our services, purchase history and use of our website.
Website Technical Data
Our website will collect technical information including:
• Your IP address and login details for security purposes.
• Anonymised usage data from website visitors is used to help us improve our website
Cookies
Our website uses cookies to provide you with the best experience of our website and to help us understand how to improve our website.
You can find out more about the cookies we use and how you can control them in our cookie policy.
How We Use the Information
The information is collected and processed to provide you with our contracted services.
Where we collect and process sensitive personal data, care is taken to ensure the data is stored securely and accessed only for the purpose necessary to provide you with the services.
Our services include:
Hotel accommodation
Restaurant dining
Corporate meetings
Event hosting (such as weddings)
Golf days
Golf membership
Third Party Data Processors
Sandtrend Limited T/A Donnington Grove Country Club contracts with third party Data Processors inside of the European Economic Area (EEA) for the purpose of providing our services or marketing information to you.
We have taken steps to ensure these Data Processors high have standards of data protection and comply with the GDPR regulations. Your data will be processed in accordance with our instructions for the purposes of providing services to you or for our business operational requirements. We have ensured the necessary agreements and protections are in place to protect your data.
You give your permission for us to share your data with:
• any company within our group for the performance of any contract with you
• suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract with you
• suppliers and sub-contractors for the purposes of maintaining our systems and security
We never sell or provide your data to third parties for any other purposes. We dislike spam as much as you do.
Where We Store Your Data
All data you provide is stored on our own systems or those of our contracted Data Processors. We use industry standard encryption when storing and transferring your data. Any payment information you provide is stored securely with a third party payment processor that complies with current industry regulations.
Security of Our Systems
Where we have provided you with usernames and passwords to access our services such as golf membership systems, you are responsible for keeping this information safe. You agree to keep this information confidential and not to share it with anyone else.
Information sent over the internet is never completely secure. We and our contracted third parties use current technologies to protect your data as much as possible. We have processes in place to identify and remedy security breaches or other incidents. You agree that by using our services, you will provide us with any information regarding any security breach or other risk as soon as you become aware of it.
Data Retention Policy
For the purposes of providing services, we will keep your data for the duration of the contract and thereafter to comply with any necessary regulations governing our activity. Regulations including company law and the Hotel and Proprietors Act 1956.
For marketing purposes, where you have given consent, we will keep your data for 36 months in order to provide you with information about relevant promotions. You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in the email we send you.
Rights
GDPR legislation gives you as an individual (known as a Data Subject) certain rights as to how your data is processed.
How We Communicate Your Rights
We provide information in this Privacy Policy and other communication on our website or that we may send you from time to time.
Accessing Your Data
You can request a copy of information we hold about you by contacting us.
Accuracy of the Data We Hold About You
> If you have reason to believe the data we hold about you is inaccurate, please contact us. We will correct any inaccuracies promptly.
Your Right to Erasure
In some circumstances, you can ask for your data to be deleted. Some data such as transaction or employment history must be retained by us to comply with regulations.
Asking us to Stop Processing
You can ask us to stop processing your data. We will retain a copy of this data until you ask us to delete it or the data reaches the limits of our retention policy.
We do not carry out any automated decision making or profiling.
You may withdraw your consent previously given, for example where we send you email marketing you can easily unsubscribe. Where we use website cookies you can choose not to receive those unless strictly necessary.
The full list of right are shown below:
• The right to be informed
• The right of access
• The right to rectification
• The right to erasure
• The right to restrict processing
• The right to data portability
• The right to object
• Rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling.
More information about your rights can be found on the Information Commissioner’s (ICO) website here: https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr/individual-rights/
Our contact information and how to exercise your rights is included in this Privacy Policy in the How to Contact Sandtrend Limited T/A Donnington Grove Country Club section.
Sign up to our newsletter
Stay in touch....
Weddings & Events
For your special Day...
Surprise someone...
Buy gift vouchers online...
Cherished testimonials
View our happy guest...