http://www.karateforums.com/privacy.php
Advertising
FAQ
Search
Memberlist
Contact
Register
Profile
Log in to check your private messages
Log in
Add KarateForums.com
KarateForums.com Awards 2020: Winners Revealed!
Register for free and start posting!
Username:
Password:
Remember Me?
I Lost My Password!
Privacy Policy
KarateForums.com has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for KarateForums.com.
Information Automatically Logged
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our website. The IP address is not displayed anywhere on the website.
Cookies
This site uses cookies to store your login information. You have the option as to whether or not you want to save your login information.
If you wish to turn this option off, you can do so in your profile management area.
Advertisers
We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our web site. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit networkadvertising.org.
Registration Forms
Our site's registration form requires users to give us contact information
(such as their e-mail address). This contact information is used to help us administer our website and to contact members in regard to activities related to this community.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites. KarateForums.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. However, we do moderate posts, in line with our User Guidelines, as to minimize the impact of inappropriate content that enters our website.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
Data Quality and Access
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying
information previously provided:
1. You can visit the following URL: http://www.karateforums.com/profile.php?mode=editprofile
Contacting the Website
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site or your dealings with this website, please contact us at patrick@ifroggy.com.
< Advertising
- Contact
- Disclosure Policy - Staff - User
Guidelines >
Copyright © 2001-2020. KarateForums.com,
iFroggy Network. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
Policy. Header
Design by jackie@reblock.net.
Powered by phpBB ©
phpBB Group. phpBB SEO.