http://www.gordonline.com/privacy.html
Privacy Policy
The information learned about you from your visit to Jeff Gordon
Online depends on what you do when visiting the site.
If you read or download information, the following data is collected and stored:
the name of the domain from which you access the Internet
(for example, comcast.net, if you are connecting from a Comcast
account); the date and time; and the Internet address of the web site from
which you linked directly to Jeff Gordon Online (if applicable).
This information is used to measure the number of visitors to the
different sections of the site and helps to make the site more useful.
If you identify yourself by use of the forum or guestbook, any information
you disclose is public. Your registration will not be disclosed
to a third party. However, it is beyond the control of Jeff Gordon Online
should a third party view such material when posted on the Internet.
I want to be very clear: The site will not obtain personal
identification information about you when you visit the site unless you
choose to provide it. Any information collected will not be disclosed to a
third party.
Please Note: Jeff Gordon Online contains external links to Web sites of other companies. These other Web sites have
their own Privacy Policies and are not covered by this Privacy Policy.
These other web sites may collect and treat information differently,
so it is important to consult the Privacy Policy for each web site you
visit.
This site is built solely for the entertainment
of its audience.
Any redistribution or other use
of the text, design, and creative license of the
site without expressed written permission is prohibited
and will be pursued to the fullest extent of the law.
The site is not affiliated with any organizations
including NASCAR®, Jeff Gordon®, or Hendrick
Motorsports®.
Though it's possible he might stop by. All trade names and trademarks used
are registered to their respective companies. Born on date 5/21/1998.
Additional questions about the Privacy Policy can be sent
here.
Jeff Gordon Online
Copyright ©2010 Gordonline.com
All rights reserved.