https://www.bab.org.uk/terms-and-conditions-for-the-bab-website/
skip to Main Content
Welcome to the British Aikido Board
The British Aikido Board seeks to:-
Represent the majority of bona fide organisations practicing aikido in the United Kingdom.
Support, encourage and promote the highest standards of aikido within an environment of mutual respect for offering styles practiced.
Raise awareness of the value of aikido not only as a contributor towards healthy living, but also in the development of adults, young people and children, without regard to race, gender or creed.
The British Aikido Board operates primarily through its member Associations. There are 35 currently Full Member Associations with 11 Associate and Probationary Member Associations of regional and national status, who each retain their independence, both technically and financially, with a combined membership of some 5,000 , which includes 1222 instructors holding current Coaching Awards.
The Board is recognised by Sport England , as the only governing body for aikido in the United Kingdom and is a member of the Sport and Recreation Alliance.
Join UsConstitutionBAB OfficersBAB Job Spec'sPoliciesContact Us
The Board seeks to further the advancement of all styles of aikido and to establish and monitor standards of safety and behaviour for practitioners of aikido.
The Board advises member Associations on all relevant UK and European legislation and procedures and develops appropriate policies and codes of practice.
Other services provided include:-
•  Insurance cover, for members, instructors and Associations.
•  Promotion of a Nationally recognised Coaching Scheme in conjunction with UK Coaching / Sport England.
•  Organising a National Courses.
•  Supporting initiatives to encourage the teaching of Aikido in schools.
•  Publishing Newsletters and specialist information bulletins eg. Safeguarding and Coaching.
The Board has completed a number of initiatives, arising from the work of their major Governance Audit and through the adoption of a wide range of recommendations, contained in their Aikido Development Plan will support their key objective of encouraging all Aikido groups to join together under this “Aikido umbrella”.
Entering Amazon from here before you purchase ensures the BAB is supported by Amazon.
Entering Amazon from here before you purchase ensures the BAB is supported by Amazon.
Entering Amazon from here before you purchase ensures the BAB is supported by Amazon.
Entering Amazon from here before you purchase ensures the BAB is supported by Amazon.
Entering Amazon from here before you purchase ensures the BAB is supported by Amazon.
Click here to see our latest news
British Aikido Board
TwitterFacebookInstagramYoutubeEmailPhone
Terms and Conditions for the BAB Website
This Web site at bab.org.uk (the ‘site’) is owned and operated by The British Aikido Board (‘BAB’). We can be contacted by mail at BAB Secretary, 6 Halkingcroft, Langley, Slough, Berkshire, SL3 7AT.
The British Aikido Board was established in 1977. It is recognised by Sport England, as the only governing body for Aikido in the United Kingdom. The constituted purpose of the British Aikido Board is to further the advancement of all styles of Aikido in the United Kingdom and to establish and monitor standards of safety and behaviour conducive to the safety of practitioners of Aikido. The Board acts as an agent for insurance which is compulsory for both students and instructors. It also promotes a nationally recognised coaching scheme and is dedicated to guiding the development and implementation of a nationally recognised coaching system in conjunction with Sports Coach UK.
The Board controls the administration of insurance and coaching and promotes a code of conduct and other rules to ensure control and regulation; it also frames future policy and direction based on changing circumstances and legislation arising both in the UK and through the European Community. The Board itself, is an association not club based vehicle; the membership ranges from national to regionally based associations. Member associations remain independent both technically and financially.
The terms and conditions set out below (the ‘Terms’) shall apply to all users of the site. The terms ‘you’, ‘your’ and ‘user’ refer to any individual and/or business accessing this site for any reason. References to ‘we’, ‘us’ and ‘our’ are references to BAB.
IMPORTANT NOTICE TO ALL USERS
The Terms & Conditions under which you may use the site appear below. By using this site you are deemed to have read and accepted the Terms. We reserve the right to change these Terms & Conditions, the Privacy Policy and/or any content on the site without notice. You should visit this page regularly to review any updates to the Terms & Conditions because they govern how you are entitled to use the site.
Data Protection
We are registered under the Data Protection Act 1998. Our use of personal information supplied by you when you use this site is governed by our Privacy Policy and Data Protection Policy which can be found on the site, and which you are advised to read.
Use of Material
All copyright, trade marks and all other intellectual property rights in or relating to the site are and shall remain our property or, where applicable, are reproduced with the permission of the rights’ owner, such as content suppliers, Partners and/or users. You may browse the contents, use any facilities and download a single copy of any material on the site to the extent that it is expressly made available to you, but this is solely for your own personal use and you must not remove any copyright or trade mark notices. You may not modify, reproduce, display, distribute or sell any such material for any commercial or business purpose, without our prior written permission.
Entry and registration forms and event information sheets may be freely copied.
Site Security
You must not interfere or attempt to interfere with our site, host or network and/or that of any user in any way other than as specifically authorised, including, without limitation, submitting a virus to the site, overloading the site and sending unsolicited postings. Any breach of this provision will be considered a serious breach of the Terms, and will entitle us to immediately terminate your access to the site.
It is your responsibility to use suitable anti-virus software on any material that you may download/upload from or to the BAB site and to ensure the compatibility of such software with your equipment, and we are not liable for any damage, which may result from your failure to do so.
You are prohibited from using or attempting to use any device that will access data or accounts, or decipher, disassemble or re-engineer any of the software used by the site, other than acknowledged third party Web browsers (such as Microsoft Internet Explorer and Edge, Chrome, Firefox, Mozilla or  Netscape Navigator). Any breach of this provision will be considered a serious breach of the Terms, and will entitle us to immediately terminate your access to the site.
User Registration, Information and Passwords
When you register with BAB to access the BAB members area, you will be asked to supply certain information including a valid e-mail address and you must provide ww.bab.org.uk with accurate and complete registration information. Each registration entitles a single user only to use the site. Use of information we obtain from your registration is governed by our Privacy Policy. It is your responsibility to inform us as soon as practicable of any changes to information that you have submitted to the site which renders it inaccurate or misleading, and further details of how to do this are set out in the Privacy Policy.
You are responsible for the security and confidentiality of your information and any password whether supplied by us or by you. The password must not be disclosed to any third parties. You are responsible for all uses of your account or password whether authorised by you or not. You agree to inform us, by e-mail at webmaster@bab.org.uk, of any unauthorised use of your account or password as soon as you discover any such misuse or potential misuse.
Liability
You agree and acknowledge that to the fullest extent permitted by law, and in view of the numerous sources from which we obtain content for the site, the impracticality of verifying the sources, and the nature of electronic distribution, that:
We are providing the site on an ‘as is’, ‘with all faults’ basis and we make no representations or warranties of any kind with respect to:
1) The site and content contained on the site;
2) The condition, quality, performance, accuracy, suitability, fitness for purpose, completeness, or freedom from viruses of the site;
3) your ability to use the site or that it will be available in its current or any other format; and
4) The truth, accuracy, or completeness of any material on the site.
We are not responsible or liable to you for any loss of content, information or material that you upload or download or transmit through the site.
We will not be responsible or liable to you or any third party for any modification, suspension of or discontinuance of the site.
It is your decision, where applicable, to use, post, submit, remove or alter information and material on, to or from the site and we are not responsible or liable for any loss or damage incurred by you or any third party as a result of your doing or failing to do the same.
We exclude all liability of any kind including for invasion of privacy, defamation, negligence or intellectual property right infringement, for the transmission or reception of information or material of whatever nature by, about or to you.
All warranties, conditions, undertakings, representations and terms whether express or implied are disclaimed.
Except for liability for death or personal injury arising out of negligence, we hereby disclaim and exclude all liability (whether in tort, contract, equity or otherwise) for any loss or damage whatsoever and howsoever incurred (including any consequential, special, secondary or indirect loss or damage or any damage to goodwill or profits or any loss of anticipated earnings incurred by you) to the fullest extent permitted by law.
This includes liabilities arising out of or in relation to or in connection with:
your access to or use of or inability to use the site; with any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus or line or system failure; or any content or material appearing on the site or from any action or decision taken as a result of using this site even if we or our employees, officers or agents are advised of the possibility of such damages, losses or expenses.
Links
The site may contain links to other sites we believe you may be interested in. You acknowledge that we are not responsible for and have no control over the content or material of such sites, the operators of which do not necessarily have any association with us. Any dealings whatsoever between you and a third party accessed on or via the site (including Partners and suppliers) are solely between you and that third party, and you agree not to hold us liable for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as the result of such dealings. This provision shall only operate to the extent permitted by law.
Notices
Any notice to be given under these Terms by either party to the other shall be deemed to be served: in the case of us communicating with you, twelve hours after we send an e-mail to the e-mail address specified by you during registration or any changed e-mail address subsequently notified to us; and in the case of you communicating with us, twelve hours after an email is sent to webmaster@bab.org.uk
Law
These Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales and all disputes arising in connection with them shall be submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts.
Policy Documents
Aikido Development Plan (2014 -2019)September 201523-11-2015
View PDF
BAB Anti Doping PolicyDecember 2020 10-12-2020
View PDF
BAB Data Processing Agreement with AssociationsAugust 2018 V115-08-2018
View PDF
BAB Data Protection Policy (GDPR)August 2018 V104-11-2019
View PDF
BAB Data Protection Procedures (GDPR)August 2018 V115-08-2018
View PDF
BAB Equality Policy 2019November 201901-11-2019
View PDF
BAB Vulnerable Adults Safeguarding and Protection Policy (VASPP)November 201508-11-2015
View PDF
BAB Web Site Policies (as displayed in the site general code)May 200912-05-2009
View PDF
Bab Website Cookie PolicyAugust 2018 V115-08-2018
View PDF
BAB Website Privacy PolicyAugust 2018 V115-08-2018
View PDF
BAB Website Terms and Conditions (GDPR)August 2018 V115-08-2018
View PDF
Child Safeguarding & Protection Policy (CSPP)December 2020 Version 108-12-2020
View PDF
Recruitment and DBS Guidance5th May 201610-03-2017
View PDF
If you need more information about aikido,
contact the management team.
Get In Touch
Copyright British Aikido Board. 2020 - All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Terms & Conditions
Back To Top
The BAB website uses cookies. We assume this is acceptable, but you may opt-out .
Read our Policy Cookie settingsAccept RejectPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.