http://www.magoco.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Webmaster
2019-07-16T22:40:18+01:00
Privacy PolicyData Protection Statement
In order to process your booking and to ensure that your travel arrangements run smoothly and meet your requirements, we need to use the information you provide.
We take full responsibility for ensuring that proper security measures are in place to protect your information. However, we must pass the information to the relevant suppliers of your travel arrangements e.g. hotels, transport companies, golf courses, etc. The same information may also have to be provided to public authorities such as police/immigration if they so require, or as required by law.
We will not however, pass any information onto anyone who is not responsible for your travel arrangements. This applies to any sensitive information that you give to us such as details of any disabilities, or dietary requirements. (If we cannot pass this information to the relevant suppliers of your holiday, we cannot provide your booking.) In making a booking with Mallorca Golf Holidays, you consent to this information being passed on to the relevant persons.
Copyright
No part of this website may be reproduced by any method without prior permission from Mallorca Golf Holidays.
These terms contain the entire agreement between you and Mallorca Golf Holidays relating to your purchase. You are responsible for reading all information fully.
All material and software Copyright ©2016. All rights reserved. It is strictly prohibited to copy, republish or redistribute any of the material and software contained in this site.
Liability
Mallorca Golf Holidays attempts to ensure the information available on it’s website at any one time is true and accurate but cannot guarantee that it will be error-free. Mallorca Golf Holidays does not make any warranty that the website is free from infection by viruses, trojans, worms or anything else that may have destructive properties.
Mallorca Golf Holidays does not accept liability for any errors and omissions and reserves the right to change information, specifications and descriptions of listed products and services.
Mallorca Golf Holidays will do its best to correct errors and omissions as quickly as possible after being notified of them.
Toggle Sliding Bar Area
Find us on Facebook