https://www.belleayre.com/mountain/safety-policies/
View
Snow
Report
Thursday
Dec 10
2020
Weather
34°F
Cloudy
Lifts
3
of 8
View Report
Search for:
Search
Connect with us on Facebook
Connect with us on Twitter
Connect with us on Instagram
Connect with us on YouTube
Gore |
Whiteface |
Olympic Sites
Mountain Safety
Overview
Know The Zone
Know The Code
Smart Style / Park Smart
Downhill Equipment Policy
Lids on Kids
Kids on Lifts
Drone Policy
Overview
Common Sense, it’s one of the most important things to keep in mind and practice when on the slopes. The National Ski Areas Association (NSAA) believes education, helmet use, respect, and common sense are very important when cruising down the mountain. NSAA developed Your Responsibility Code to help skiers and boarders be aware that there are elements of risk in snowsports that common sense and personal awareness can help reduce.
Keep an eye out for our helpful staff if you need assistance anywhere and anytime while at Belleayre.
Bringing the kids? Have a plan should you get separated. If they get lost, children should go to the base of the nearest lift and let the attendant know or go to Guest Services in the Overlook or Discovery Lodges.
Know The Zone
Every Skier/Rider gets 15 feet. While on the hill, avoid collisions by giving others 15 feet of space on all sides. If kids are present, go slower and give them even more room. Know that skiers/riders can turn suddenly, so stay in control to obey the 15-foot zone.
Know The Code
We’re committed to promoting safety. In addition to people using traditional alpine ski equipment, you may be joined on the slopes by snowboarders, telemark, or cross-country skiers, people with disabilities using specialized adaptive equipment, and others.
Always show courtesy and be aware that there are elements of risk in skiing/snowboarding that common sense and personal awareness.
Always stay in control, and be able to stop or avoid other people or objects. Know your ability level and stay within it. Observe the National Ski Areas Association’s “Your Responsibility Code” listed below to ensure a great day on the hill.
People ahead of you have the right of way. It is your responsibility to avoid them.
Do not stop where you obstruct a trail or are not visible from above.
Whenever starting downhill or merging into a trail, look uphill and yield to others.
Always use retention devices to help prevent runaway equipment.
Observe all posted signs and warnings. Keep off closed trails and out of closed areas.
Prior to using any lift, you must have the knowledge and ability to load and unload safely.
Always brake your speed when entering a SLOW ZONE. Match your speed to the flow of traffic.
Caution – snowmobiles, snowcats, and snowmaking may be encountered at any time
Users shall adhere to all closures, warning signs and ropes at all times as well as all rules and regulations set forth in the Skier’s Responsibility Code and Safety In Skiing Code Part 54 of Title 12 of the Official Compilation of Codes, Rules and Regulations of the State of New York (12 NYCRR Part 54).
Smart Style / Park Smart
The National Ski Areas Association and Burton Snowboards would like to welcome you to the “Smart Style” Terrain Park Safety initiative. A cooperative effort with the help of the Professional Ski Instructors of America (PSIA) and the American Association of Snowboard Instructors (AASI) that emphasizes the proper use of terrain parks while delivering a unified message.
The Smart Style video along with the TerrainParkSafety.org work together to emphasize the importance of safety in terrain parks across the country. Please visit the TerrainParkSafety.org for a comprehensive look at the Smart Style program.
Park Smart Terrain Park Safety Program Messages:
Start small – Work your way up. Build your skills
Make a plan – Every feature. Every time
Always look – Before you drop
Respect – The features and other users
Take it easy – Know your limits. Land on your feet
Practice Park Etiquette
Do not stop or ride through landings. If there are boards or skis in front of a jump, the jump is closed so go around the feature. When not using features, stay off to the side of the trail, out of the way. Use features in the manner in which they are intended. Don’t jump off the sides of the takeoffs.
Downhill Equipment Policy
The Olympic Regional Development Authority reviews our equipment policy periodically and this policy is in effect as of October 2018. You are responsible for obeying the New York State Safety in Skiing Code regardless of what equipment you use.
The lifts and trails are designed for use by guests on a wide variety of skiing and riding equipment incorporating an array of different binding systems. While within ski area boundaries, each guest shall have a device on their skiing and riding equipment that is capable of restraining or stopping it in the event it becomes detached from the user. The Belleayre Mountain Safety Patrol retains the right to prohibit any type of equipment at their discretion.
Allowed without restriction on all areas:
• Skis
• Snowboards
• Telemark
• Carving Boards
• Monoski (disabled)
• Biskis (disabled)
Metal Edges required for all of the above
Allowed with restrictions:
Snowskates – Belleayre Mountain allows the use of snowskates under the following circumstances:
Snowskaters have restricted lift access and are permitted to ride the Catskill Thunder and magic carpets ONLY. All other lift use is prohibited and riders will be denied access to those lifts.
Snowskates must have metal edges and a retention leash that is attached to the rider and the board at all times while on the slopes.
Snowskaters like all other patrons must abide by the responsibility code.
Prohibited:
• Children in backpacks or other carrying devices
• Airboards
• Swissbobs
• Ski boards
• Snowbikes
• Bike Boards
• Sleds or snow toys of any type
Lids on Kids
NSAA promotes the use of helmets on the slopes. We urge skiers and riders to wear a helmet – but to ski or ride as if they are not wearing a helmet. NSAA views skiing and snowboarding in a controlled and responsible manner – not helmets only – as the primary safety consideration for all skiers and boarders. A skier’s behavior has as much or more to do with the safety of the sport as does any piece of equipment.
In 2002, Lids on Kids http://www.lidsonkids.org/ debuted as a resource for consumers to learn about helmet use in skiing and snowboarding. This site contains FAQs about helmet use, fit and sizing information, general slope safety information, related articles and games, and testimonials about helmet use from well-known athletes, including US Ski Team members. The site has received nearly 2 million hits since it was created. The tagline, “A Helmet-It’s a Smart Idea,” is printed on posters and promotional cards at resorts nationwide.
Kids on Lifts
NSAA views using and riding chair lifts in a responsible manner as one of the primary safety considerations for all skiers and boarders. A skier’s behavior has as much or more to do with the safety of the sport as does any piece of equipment from helmet to chair lift.
In 2012, the website www.kidsonlifts.org/ and the initiative as a whole debuted around the country to resorts and consumers. This site contains FAQs and safety tips on how to load, ride and unload responsibly, general skiing and riding tips, coloring pages for kids, public service announcements and more. The tagline “No Horsing Around” is a motto we hope to ingrain in not only children but every skier and boarder.
Drone Policy
Out of safety concerns for guests, employees, and resort property, as well as concerns for individual privacy, Belleayre Mountain prohibits the operation or use of unmanned aerial systems, or drones, by the general public, including recreational users and hobbyists, without the prior written authorization from Belleayre. This prohibition includes drones used for filming or videotaping, as well as any drone use by media or journalists operating above or within Belleayre’s boundaries. This prohibition on drone operations or use extends to any drones launched or operated from within the resort property, as well as drones launched from private property outside of the resort boundaries. Please contact Belleayre if you have any questions or if you seek prior authorization to operate any aerial drones. Any authorized operation of aerial drones may be governed by Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) rules and regulations, local law enforcement, as well as those policies separately established by this Resort, which may include certification, training, insurance coverage, indemnification requirements, and waivers or releases of liability. Any violation of this policy may involve suspension of your skiing or snowboarding privileges, or the revocation of your season pass, as well as confiscation of any drone equipment, and may subject violators to any damages, including, but not limited to, damages for violations of privacy and/or physical or personal injuries or property damage, as well as regulatory fines and legal fees.
Cookies are used for measurement, ads, and optimization. By continuing to use our site you agree to our privacy policy. ACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.