http://www.terrypeak.com/privacy-policy
Skip to content
The Mountain
View Page
Mountain Conditions
Live Web Cams
Trails & Lifts
Terrain Park
Weather & Snow
About the Mountain
About Terry Peak
Helpful Tips & Mountain Safety
Skinning
Black Hills Ski Team
Ski School
Lodges
Nevada Gulch Lodge
Stewart Lodge
# RIDE ANOTHER DAY
COVID-19 Policies
Explore
View Page
About the Resort
Directions
Locker Room Information
Places to Stay
The Area
The Peak Experience
What to Expect & Bring
Photo Gallery
Tickets & Rentals
View Page
Tickets and Passes
Daily Lift Tickets
Season Passes
Group Tickets
Equipment
Equipment Rental
Equipment Repair
Ski & Snowboard Lessons
View Page
Kids
Sno Puppies
Sno Tigers
Kids Klub 1, 2 & 3
Adults
Adult Lessons
Ladies Only
Mt. Challenge Group Lessons
Private
Private Lessons
Events
View Page
Join the Team
View Page
Get the latest updates about Terry Peak
Sign Up For Our Emails
Privacy Policy
Opens Search
About Our Use of Your Personal Information:
In order to process your merchandise orders we must ask you to provide us with information about yourself and your credit card. This Privacy Policy describes the information we collect and how we use that information.
Our Commitment to This Privacy Policy:
TerryPeak.com takes the privacy of your personal information very seriously and we will use your information only in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy. We will not sell or rent your personally identifiable information or a list of our customers to third parties. However, as described in more detail below, there are limited circumstances in which some of your information will be shared with third parties, under strict restrictions, so it is important for you to review this Privacy Policy.
Notification of Changes:
This policy may be revised over time. We will post the amended Privacy Policy prominently on this website so that you can always review what information we gather, how we might use that information, and whether we will disclose it to anyone. The original date of publication of this Privacy Policy and the dates of any revisions are posted near the bottom of the page at the end of this document.
About Our Policy As It Regards Children:
We do not anticipate that children will make on-line purchases from this website, and it is therefore our policy that we do not allow minors (under the age of 18) to submit any personal information to us.
Required Information:
To purchase products from TerryPeak.com you must provide your name, address, phone number, e-mail address, and credit card details. We may also ask you to send by fax or mail photocopies of the credit card you used for the purchase and your drivers license – front and back – and your signature. We will provide you with a toll-free fax number you may use. These steps are to protect you and your good credit from unauthorized purchases which might be attempted by someone who has acquired your credit card number and other personal information.
Information About You From Third Parties:
In order to protect all our customers against potential fraud, we verify with third parties the information you provide. In the course of such verification, we receive personally identifiable information about you from such services. In particular, when you use a credit card to make a purchase from TerryPeak.com we will use card authorization and fraud screening services to verify that your card information and address matches the information that you supplied in the order form and that the card has not been reported as lost or stolen.
Web Site Traffic Information:
Because of the way that World Wide Web communication standards work, when you arrive at or leave the TerryPeak.com website, we automatically receive the Web address of the site that you came from. We also collect information on which pages of our Web site you visit while you are on the TerryPeak.com site, the type of browser you use and the times you access our Web site. We use this information only to try to understand our customers’ preferences better and to manage the load on our servers, so as to improve our service and your shopping experience. We do not track the Web sites that you visit before or after you leave the TerryPeak.com site.
Our Use of “Cookies”:
“Cookies” are small files of data that reside on your computer and allow us to recognize as you visit multiple pages in our site and add items to your shopping cart. Once you log out or close your browser, these cookies expire and no longer have any effect.
Customer Service Correspondence:
If you send us correspondence, including e-mails and faxes, we retain such information in the records of your account. We will also retain customer service correspondence and other correspondence we send to you. We retain these records in order to measure and improve our customer service, and to investigate potential fraud and violations of our User Agreement. We may, over time, delete these records if permitted by law.
Internal Uses of Your Personal Information:
We collect, store and process your personal information on servers located in the United States. We use the information we collect about you in order 1) to provide our services and process your transactions, 2) to provide customer service, and 3) to improve our products and services. We give access to individually identifiable information about our users only to those employees who require it to fulfill customer service requests.
Disclosure to Third Parties:
We will not sell or rent any of your personally identifiable information to third parties. We will not share any of your personally identifiable information with third parties except in the limited circumstances described below:
We share information with companies that help us process the transactions you request and protect our customers’ transactions from fraud, such as sharing your credit card number with a service that screens for lost and stolen card numbers.
We may disclose information that we in good faith believe is appropriate to cooperate in investigations of fraud or other illegal activity.
We disclose information in response to a subpoena, warrant, court order, levy, attachment, order of a court-appointed receiver or other comparable legal process, including subpoenas from private parties in a civil action.
Security:
TerryPeak.com is very careful to protect our users’ information. When our registration/order forms ask you to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number), that information is encrypted and is protected with SSL – the industry standard technology. We do not maintain credit card information on our servers for longer than twenty-four hours and while the information is on our servers it is encrypted.
Our Contacts with TerryPeak.com Customers:
We communicate with users on a regular basis via e-mail to provide requested services, and we also communicate by phone to resolve customer complaints or investigate suspicious transactions. We use your e-mail address to confirm your purchases. We do not provide methods for you to opt out of these communications, but they will be primarily informational in nature rather than promotional. If you have asked to be included on our mailing list we also use your e-mail address to send you other types of communications that you can control, including information about new products, services and special promotions.
Internet Address Information:
We use IP addresses, browser types and access times to analyze trends, administer the site, improve site performance and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
Contact Us:
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, TerryPeak.com’s information practices, or your dealings with us, you can fill out our Contact Form, contact us by e-mail, call (605) 584.2165 anytime, or write us at Terry Peak, 21120 Stewart Slope Road – Lead, SD 57754.
Photos & Videos:
By using the “public” privacy setting on your Facebook, YouTube or Instagram account you consent to the use of your photos, videos and other social content on the Terry Peak website through the Facebook, YouTube and Instagram API functions. If you would like your photo, video or other social content removed from the Terry Peak website please complete our contact us form.
Ski Area Drone Policy
Out of safety concerns for guests, employees, and resort property, as well as concerns for individual privacy, Black Hills Chairlift Co. d.b.a. Terry Peak Ski Area, prohibits the operation or use of unmanned aerial systems, or drones, by the general public – including recreational users and hobbyists – without the prior written authorization from the Resort.  This prohibition includes drones used for filming or videotaping, as well as any drone use by media or journalists operating above or within Black Hills Chairlift Co. d.b.a. Terry Peak Ski Area boundaries.  This prohibition on drone operations or use extends to any drones launched or operated from Resort property, as well as drones launched from private property outside of the Resort boundaries.  Please contact a resort representative [you may want to give a direct number or name] if you have any questions or if you seek prior authorization to operate any aerial drones.  Any authorized operation of aerial drones may be governed by Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) rules and regulations, local law enforcement, [and / or U.S. Forest Service rules], as well as those policies separately established by this Resort, which may include certification, training, insurance coverage, indemnification requirements, and waivers or releases of liability.  Any violation of this policy may involve suspension of your skiing or snowboarding privileges, or the revocation of your season pass, as well as confiscation of any drone equipment, and may subject violators to any damages, including, but not limited to, damages for violations of privacy and/or physical or personal injuries or property damage, as well as regulatory fines and legal fees.