https://www.northlands.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Northlands Privacy Policy Statement – Customers
We are committed to respecting your privacy and safeguarding your personal information. We are committed to meeting or exceeding the privacy standards established by federal and provincial legislation. Our information handling policies comply with the federal Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (“PIPEDA”).
Onsite guests grant Edmonton Northlands and their designees the right to use their image and/or likeness in any live or recorded video display or other transmission or reproduction of the Event or photo, including without limitation his/her rights of publicity, for the purpose of broadcasting or allowing others to broadcast the Event or portions of the Event and/or for marketing and promoting future similar events or other events. All rights to use the names, Event name, or the marks or logos of the Releasees, or to broadcast, record, photograph, repeat, reproduce or recreate the Event are reserved by Edmonton Northlands and the guest agrees not to take any action, or cause others to take any action, which would infringe on these rights of Edmonton Northlands or their designees.
For more info visit the Front Gate Terms of Use.
Definition of personal information
Personal information is information that identifies you as an individual and relates specifically to you. This information includes your age, gender, social insurance number, income, marital status, race, ethnic origin, nationality, religious or political beliefs, medical information, education, employment or criminal records, employee files, loan or credit records, internet browsing logs, etc.
What is not covered in the definition
Personal information does not include information that is required to contact you at a place of business, such as your name, position, title, business address, business phone number, business fax or business e-mail address.
How do we use your personal information
In order to provide you with information on relevant products, services and special offers that may be of benefit to you, we may collect contact information that could be used to contact you such as full name, postal address, phone number and e-mail address as well as your computer’s unique IP address, credit and debit card numbers, gender, purchase history and age.
To whom do we disclose your personal information
When required by court order
Our partners or 3rd party agents responsible for administering programs, promotions or offers
Legal council retained by the company
When can we disclose your personal information
We can only disclose your personal information if we have your explicit consent or:
Where there is a contract and the information is required
When we are required or permitted to do so by law
How do we protect your personal information
Appropriate security safeguards have been developed and implemented to protect all personal and confidential information. Physical safeguards include locked file cabinets and restricted access to file or server rooms. Technological safeguards include the use of passwords, encryption and firewalls to ensure that electronic data is secure.
Our commitment to you
We will not collect, use or disclose your personal information for any purposes other than those that we identify to you.
We will keep your personal information only as long as we need to fulfill the stated purpose or as long as is required by law.
We will maintain our personal information in as accurate, complete and up-to-date form as possible.
We will safeguard your personal information to the best of our ability.
We will respond to any request that you make to access or correct the personal information that we collect about you.
We will obtain the appropriate consent from you for the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information.
Your rights
You have the right to access your own personal information.
You have the right to request that errors be corrected in your personal information.
You have the right to obtain information about the way in which personal information is used by Northlands.
You have the right to obtain the name of individuals and organizations to who our personal information has been disclosed.
You have the right to refuse to allow us to obtain, use or share certain personal information or you can withdraw a previously given consent at any time.
Northlands contact
Please contact our Privacy Officer if you wish to access your personal information, change your consent in any way, make a complaint about our privacy policy or the way in which we have handled your personal information, or have any other questions about our privacy policy. We will respond to you promptly and do our utmost to resolve your concerns.
Northlands Privacy Officer
EDMONTON NORTHLANDSPO Box 1480, Station Main Edmonton, Alberta, Canada    T5J 2N5
P. 780.471.7210 E. info@northlands.com
Northlands Comment Policy
Comments that appear on Northlands.com are not the opinion of Northlands. Northlands believes in having an open dialogue with everyone in the online community and will not edit comments at any time. However, any comments involving personal attacks, offensive language and unsubstantiated allegations will not be posted.
Once a comment is made you authorize Northlands to use the post in any marketing and promotional efforts. Northlands reserves the right to review comments for 24 hours before they are posted.
Pin It on Pinterest
Shares
1
Share This
Facebook
Twitter
1
Gmail
LinkedIn
Like
X