https://www.christchurchmarathon.co.nz/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
The Christchurch Marathon is committed to protecting the privacy of your personal information, and to compliance with all laws surrounding the use of your personal information.
The Christchurch Marathon will only collect personal information about you by lawful and fair means, and not in an unreasonably intrusive manner.
We only use your personal information to deliver you a service or perform other necessary business functions and activities.
We will not use or disclose your personal information for purposes unrelated to the services we provide, unless we first obtain your consent.
Collection of Personal Information
We collect personal information directly from you (or from your authorised representative), when you:
register online for an event organised by the Christchurch Marathon;
supply to us a hard copy entry form;
purchase goods or services from us;
enter another event organised by one of the Christchurch Marathon management team;
contact us by telephone, mail, email or online.
The personal information the Christchurch Marathon may collect includes (but is not limited to):
name;
date of birth;
gender;
residential address;
email address;
contact telephone numbers;
medical conditions;
emergency contact details.
Provision of Third-Party Information
If you provide us with information about any third party, you must have obtained that person’s permission and inform them that you have provided the information to us.
Information for any person under the age of 16 must have been provided with permission of their parent or legal guardian.
Storage of Personal Information
The Christchurch Marathon uses Evenzys Limited as the event registration system. In all cases they are a contractor acting on our behalf. To inquire as to their privacy policy... Click Here.
If the Evensys registration system requires you to set up a personal account and/or password, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your device/s.
We use Event Plus Messaging for direct communication and marketing, including the storage of email addresses.
Our organisational team use personal computers and mobile and/or landline telephones to manage the event and communicate with you, including the storage of personal information.
In all cases Evensys, Event Plus Messaging and the personal devises of our organisational team are password protected and administered only by themselves/ourselves.
Use of Personal Information
We use your personal information for a variety of reasons including (but not limited to):
provide services and products to you;
answer your enquiries and deliver customer service to you;
meet our legal obligations;
direct marketing to keep you updated on our events.
You may opt not to provide us with your personal information, but you should be aware that without this personal information we may not be able to provide you with some of the services and/or products you are seeking.
From time to time, we may contact you via mail, telephone, email or SMS with information about products and services offered by us and our related entities and/or our business partners and sponsors, that we think may be of interest to you. In this situation there will always be a means for you to opt-out of receiving future such communications.
In the course of conducting our business and providing our products and services to you, we may purposely disclose elements of personal information. This may include (but is not limited to) the following:
If you are a registered athlete in an event your name, gender, age group, town, country will be displayed on the publicly available start list and results.
On event day event emcee’s may announce your name, age, city and country publicly. E.G: as you finish.
Disclosing Personal Information
We only disclose personal information for the purposes related to one of our functions or activities. We do not give it to anyone not involved in the functions or activities of our business, unless one of the following applies:
you have consented to the disclosure;
you would reasonably expect, or have been told, that your information is passed to those individuals, bodies or agencies;
it is required or authorised by law.
If we engage third party agents or contractors, we will take all reasonable steps to ensure that they do not breach privacy requirements before we share your personal information with them. In this type of situation, we may disclose your personal information to:
professional providers (e.g: event emcee, event medical provider, event timing provider);
professional advisers (e.g: lawyers or auditors);
payment systems operators and financial institutions;
third party agents or contractors that we may use in the ordinary course of business;
organisations authorised by us to conduct promotional, research or marketing activities;
law enforcement agencies or government authorities, upon lawful request by these entities;
any persons acting on your behalf, including persons nominated by you, immediate family, executors, trustees and/or such legal representatives.
Ownership of Personal Information
At all times you are the owner of personal information pertaining to you and any third parties you are responsible for by law.
You have the right to ask for a copy of any personal information we hold about you or a third party as described above, and to ask for it to be corrected if you think it is wrong.
If you’d like to ask for a copy of your information, or to have it corrected, please contact us at info@christchurchmarathon.co.nz.