http://www.ancalacc.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this web site.  It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site.   Our server logs capture and recognize the domain name, IP address and referring source for all web traffic.  We also may use cookies to record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit to support goal-tracking metrics in our web analytics platform.  In addition, we do collect information that you voluntarily give us via email, online form submittals or other direct contact from you.
Information collected on this site will be used, and may also be shared with relevant partner marketing organizations, to improve the relevancy of marketing and communication efforts.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Opt-Out of future communications.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline.  Only those who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Updates
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 214-722-6000 or via email (info@arcisgolf.com).
×
Book a Tee Time