http://www.starting-a-martial-arts-school.com/privacy.html
Home
About
Join
Member Login
Store
Contact
Mike
Massie's
Martial Arts Business Coaching Member Site
Where
you'll find everything you need to start and run a
martial arts school
Home
Join
Login
GET YOUR FREE REPORT!
Just enter your name and email below
to get the FREE report, "The Top 10
Most Important Action Steps You Must Take In
Planning and Opening Your Martial Art School"
Name:
Email:
Search
only search
Starting-A-Martial-Arts-School.com
Privacy Statement
Privacy Policy for
Starting-A-Martial-Art-School.com
If you require any more information or have
any questions about our privacy policy, please
feel free to contact us using the contact form
on this site.
At Starting-A-Martial-Art-School.com, the
privacy of our visitors is of extreme
importance to us. This privacy policy document
outlines the types of personal information is
received and collected by
Starting-A-Martial-Art-School.com and how it
is used.
Log Files
Like many other Web sites,
Starting-A-Martial-Art-School.com makes use of
log files. The information inside the log
files includes internet protocol ( IP )
addresses, type of browser, Internet Service
Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp,
referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to
analyze trends, administer the site, track
user's movement around the site, and gather
demographic information. IP addresses, and
other such information are not linked to any
information that is personally identifiable.
Cookies and Web Beacons
Starting-A-Martial-Art-School.com does use
cookies to store information about visitors
preferences, record user-specific information
on which pages the user access or visit,
customize Web page content based on visitors
browser type or other information that the
visitor sends via their browser.
DoubleClick DART Cookie
Google, as a third party vendor, uses
cookies to serve ads on
Starting-A-Martial-Art-School.com.
Google's use of the DART cookie enables
it to serve ads to users based on their
visit to Starting-A-Martial-Art-School.com
and other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the
DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and
content network privacy policy at the
following URL:
http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Some of our advertising partners may use
cookies and web beacons on our site. Our
advertising partners include:
Google Adsense
Commission Junction
Clickbank
Linkshare
Amazon
These third-party ad servers or ad networks
use technology to the advertisements and links
that appear on
Starting-A-Martial-Art-School.com send
directly to your browsers. They automatically
receive your IP address when this occurs.
Other technologies ( such as cookies,
JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used
by the third-party ad networks to measure the
effectiveness of their advertisements and / or
to personalize the advertising content that
you see.
Starting-A-Martial-Art-School.com has no
access to or control over these cookies that
are used by third-party advertisers.
You should consult the respective privacy
policies of these third-party ad servers for
more detailed information on their practices
as well as for instructions about how to
opt-out of certain practices.
Starting-A-Martial-Art-School.com's privacy
policy does not apply to, and we cannot
control the activities of, such other
advertisers or web sites.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so
through your individual browser options. More
detailed information about cookie management
with specific web browsers can be found at the
browsers' respective websites.
FTC Compliance Disclaimer
Advertisers on this site may occasionally send
us free samples of their products and services
for review. We review these products and
services at our discretion and review them on
our site if we think they may be of interest
to our readers and members. Not every product
or service vendor reviewed or mentioned on
this site has provided us with sample goods or
services, and not every company who sends us
sample goods or services is reviewed.
Further, we receive third-party compensation
from the advertisers on this site, and in some
cases we receive compensation from
click-through ads and links on this site when
a site visitor or member clicks on a link or
ad and purchases a product or service from the
target site.
In short, we run this site as a for-profit
business, no different from the way you run
your own martial art school. In this manner we
are able to make this site a profitable
venture and offer you improved service and
greater value at a reduced cost for our
members.
Terms and Conditions
USER AGREEMENT
This Agreement sets out the terms and
conditions relating to the online content
provided free of charge and content subject to
payment ("Free and Paid-for Content") that
Martial Art School Alliance International LLC
("the Siteowner") will provide to you ("the
User"). By accessing
Starting-A-Martial-Art-School.com ("the Site")
the User is agreeing to the terms and
conditions below. If the User uses the Site in
the course of business the User is also
agreeing to these terms and conditions on
behalf of that business. If the User does not
agree with the terms and conditions (or the
User is not authorized to do so) the User
should not use the Site. If the User has any
questions they should contact the Siteowner at
our contact page.
Services and Fees
The Siteowner shall provide Free and Paid-for
Content. This includes any and all
subscriptions for Paid-for Content available.
The Siteowner reserves the right to vary the
Free and Paid-for Content and does not
guarantee that the content provided free of
charge ("Free Content") will remain free of
charge and does not guarantee that the content
provided subject to payment ("Paid-for
Content") will remain a paid-for service.
The User shall agree to pay any subscription
fees ("Fees") at rates in effect when the
charges are incurred. The User must provide
the Siteowner with complete and accurate
payment information. The User can pay using a
credit or debit card or by any other means
Siteowner may provide. By submitting credit or
debit card details to the Siteowner the User
warrants that they are entitled to purchase
the Paid-for Content using those payment
details. In the event of an unauthorized
payment the Siteowner reserves the right to
suspend or terminate the User's access to the
Site and Paid-for Content. If no payment
authorization is received or payment
authorization is subsequently cancelled, the
Siteowner may immediately terminate or suspend
access to any Paid-for Content and/or the
Site.
The Siteowner will try to process the User's
request for any Paid-for Content promptly but
does not guarantee that the Paid-for Content
will be available to the User by any specified
time. A contract with the User for Paid-for
Content will come into effect when the
Username and Password are issued to the User.
The User having paid the Fee for a
subscription for the supply of Paid-for
Content for a defined period the User will
have no right of cancellation for the supply
of the Paid-for Content other than the right
to cancel the subscription for Paid-for
Content. This does not affect the User's
statutory rights.
Registration, Passwords and Privacy
The use of the Site signifies the User's
consent to the Siteowner collecting and using
personal information about the User in
accordance with the Siteowner's Privacy
Policy. The User can read the Privacy Policy
at
http://Starting-A-Martial-Art-School.com/privacy-policy/.
The User does not have to register to use the
Site in order to access it and enjoy the
content other than the Paid-for Content. If
the User wishes to access the Paid-for Content
the User will be asked to provide the
Siteowner with accurate, complete registration
information, including contact details, and it
is the User's responsibility to update and
maintain this information. The Siteowner is
entitled to rely on this information to
provide Paid-for Content.
The User will also be requested to create a
Password in a format specified by the
Siteowner ("the Password"). The User shall not
disclose the Password to any other person or
entity and shall ensure that the Password
remains confidential at all times. In the
event that the User knows or has a reasonable
suspicion that a third party knows the User's
Password, the User shall notify the Siteowner
immediately by contacting the Siteowner by
using the contact form at
http://www.starting-a-martial-arts-school.com/contact.html.
If the Siteowner has reasonable grounds for
believing that the User has misused or is
misusing the Password, the Siteowner may
require the User to change the Password or may
suspend the User's use of the access to the
Site, including Paid-for Content, until such
time as the Siteowner is satisfied that the
security of the Site is no longer compromised
by the User's activities.
Limitations on Use of the Site
All content and services provided by the
Siteowner belongs to the Siteowner. The
Siteowner owns all the intellectual property
rights in the content and services.
The content and services provided are solely
for the personal use of the User and the User
shall not sub-license, distribute, sell,
supply, modify, adapt, amend, incorporate,
merge, or otherwise alter any content or
service provided under this Agreement.
The User shall not remove or replicate any
logo, copyright or proprietary notices,
legends, symbols, labels, watermarks,
signatures or any other like marks affixed to
or embedded in the content or services. The
User shall not carry out any act or omission
or permit any act or omission to take place
that infringes or is likely to infringe any
intellectual property rights owned or used by
the Siteowner or its licensors including
Martial Art School Alliance International LLC
or otherwise relating to the Site.
Limitation of Liability and Indemnity
The User expressly agrees that the use of,
and browsing of the Site is at the User's own
risk. Neither the Siteowner nor any other
party involved in creating, producing or
delivering the Site, including Martial Art
School Alliance International LLC, is liable
for any direct, incidental, special,
consequential, indirect or punitive damages
arising out of the User's access to, or use
of, or inability to use the Site or any linked
site or for the cost of procurement of
substitute goods or services or resulting from
any goods or services purchased or obtained or
messages received or transactions entered into
through the Site or resulting from any
unauthorized access to or alteration of your
transmissions or data, including but not
limited to, damages for loss of profits, use,
data or other intangible property including
legal costs and expenses, even if the
Siteowner has been advised of the possibility
of such damages.
The User expressly agrees that the
downloading of any material form the Site is
at the User's own risk. Neither the Siteowner
nor any other party involved in creating,
producing or delivering the Site, including
Martial Art School Alliance International LLC,
is liable for any direct, incidental, special,
consequential, indirect or punitive damages
resulting from the User downloading material
from the Site or any linked site, including
but not limited to, damages for loss of
profits, use, data or other intangible
property including legal costs and expenses,
even if the Siteowner has been advised of the
possibility of such damages.
Without limiting the foregoing, everything on
the Site is provided to the User "as is" and
"as available" without warranty of any kind,
either express or implied, including, but not
limited to, the implied warranties of
satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular
purpose or non-infringement. Please note that
some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion
of implied warranties, so some of the above
exclusions may not apply to every User. The
User must check their local laws for any
restrictions or limitations regarding the
exclusion of implied warranties.
While the Siteowner will use reasonable
efforts to include accurate and up to date
information on the Site, the Siteowner makes
no warranties or representations as to its
accuracy or completeness. The Siteowner is not
responsible for any errors or omissions or for
the results obtained from the use of such
information. The information is provided with
the understanding that the information does
not constitute any form of advice,
recommendation or arrangement by the Siteowner
or its affiliates or any other party involved
in the Site and is not intended to be relied
upon by Users in making (or refraining from
making) any decisions based on such
information. The User must make their own
decisions on whether or not to rely on any
information posted on the Site. The Siteowner
reserves the right to modify information
displayed on this Site but it does not make
any commitment to update the information
displayed on this Site.
No party who is involved in the workings of
the Site, including Martial Art School
Alliance International LLC, will at any time
be liable or responsible in any way for the
content, including Paid-for Content, and
information provided on or via the Site and
for the User's use of the Site.
From time to time the Siteowner will make
available to the User links from the site to
third party sites. These sites are not in any
way approved, checked, edited, vetted or
endorsed by the Siteowner and the User agrees
that the Siteowner shall not be responsible or
liable in any way for the content, advertising
or products available from such sites, the
quality, functionality, suitability or
legality of such sites or for any dealings
that the User may have, or the consequences of
such dealings, with such third party site
operators.
Any arrangements made between the User and
any third party named on the Siteowner's Site
are at the User's sole risk and responsibility
and the Siteowner expressly disclaims any
liability for third party information or
opinions posted on this Site or any linked
Sites that arises under criminal or civil laws
relating to defamation, intellectual property,
infringement, privacy, obscenity, or any other
area of law.
Indemnity
The User agrees to indemnify, keep
indemnified, defend and hold the Siteowner and
its parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates
and their respective officers, directors,
employees, owners, agents, information
providers and licensors, including Martial Art
School Alliance International LLC,
(collectively the "Indemnified Parties")
harmless from and against any and all claims,
damages, liability, losses, costs and expenses
(including legal fees) (whether or not
foreseeable or avoidable) incurred or suffered
by any Indemnified Party and any claims or
legal proceedings which are brought or
threatened arising from the User's use of,
connection with or conduct on the Site or any
breach by the User of these terms. The
Siteowner or Martial Art School Alliance
International LLC reserves the right, at its
own expense, to assume the exclusive defense
and control of any matter otherwise subject to
indemnification by the User, and in such case,
the User agrees to co-operate with the defense
of such claim.
Consequences of Breach of these Terms
In the event that the Siteowner considers or
determines, in their complete discretion, that
the User has breached, violated or contravened
the Agreement or has otherwise demonstrated
inappropriate conduct in the use of the Site
or the content or services they reserve the
absolute right to:
(a) warn the User that they have violated the
Agreement and ask the User to discontinue such
conduct;
(b) discontinue the User's membership of the
site and/or any other related services,
including Paid-for Content; and
(c) take measures (including terminating,
suspending or restricting the User's use of
the Site) to prevent the User from using the
Site or linking to the Site.
Third Parties
The provisions of any Rights of Third Parties
law or code shall not apply to this Agreement,
except in relation to the rights of Martial
Art School Alliance International LLC.
Proper Law and Jurisdiction
This Agreement, and the respective rights and
obligations of the parties hereunder, shall be
governed by, and construed in accordance with,
the laws of the State of Texas, without regard
to conflict of law principles.
Binding Arbitration
Any controversy or claim arising
out of or relating to this Agreement
(including any breach thereof) or the Paid-for
Content shall be settled by arbitration
administered by the American Arbitration
Association under its Commercial Arbitration
Rules (including without limitation the
Supplementary Procedures for Consumer-Related
Disputes), and judgment on the award rendered
by the arbitrator(s) may be entered in any
court having jurisdiction thereof. Any such
controversy or claim shall be arbitrated on an
individual basis and shall not be consolidated
with any claim or controversy of any other
party. The foregoing shall not preclude
Martial Art School Alliance International LLC
from seeking any injunctive relief in State or
Federal courts for protection of their
respective intellectual property rights
(including such rights of their respective
licensors).
ACKNOWLEDGMENT
This Agreement, including all
documents referenced herein, represents the
entire understanding between Siteowner and any
user of the Starting-A-Martial-Art-School.com
website with respect to the Free and Paid-for
Content and supersedes any other agreements,
statements or representations. Headings used
in this Agreement are for reference only and
shall not affect the meaning of any terms. Any
user of any portion of the
Starting-A-Martial-Art-School.com website
and Free and Paid-for
Content is deemed to have accepted
the terms and conditions of this
Agreement.
Contact
Us | Terms
of Use | Privacy
Statement
Copyright © 2010 Michael D. Massie. All Rights
Reserved.