http://www.cheltenhamharriers.co.uk/pages/privacy-amp-cookies
Toggle navigation
About
News
Gallery
Membership
Records
Fixtures
Contact
Search site
Go!
Home
›
Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
General Data Protection Regulation GDPR
About usCheltenham & County Harriers Athletic Club is an amateur sports club specialising in track and field athletics, road running and cross country. We are affiliated with the national governing body England Athletics (EA) and our affiliation number is 2657786.We are committed to protecting your privacy and processing your personal data in accordance with the Data Protection Act (DPA) 1998 up to 24 May 2018 and the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) on and from 25 May 2018 (Data Protection Legislation).The Club will implement and comply with the eight Data Protection Principles in the Data Protection Act 1998 (“the Act”) which promotes good conduct in relation to processing personal information. These principles are as follows:
Personal Data shall be processed fairly and lawfully.
Personal Data shall be obtained only for one or more specified and lawful purposes and shall not be further processed in any matter incompatible with that purpose or those purposes.
Personal Data shall be adequate, relevant and not excessive in relation to the purpose or purposes for which they are processed.
Personal Data shall be accurate and, where necessary, kept up to date.
Personal Data processed for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.
Personal Data shall be processed in accordance with the rights of data subjects under the Act.
Appropriate technical and organisational measures shall be taken against unauthorised or unlawful processing of personal data and against accidental loss or destruction, or damage to personal data.
Personal Data shall not be transferred to a country or territory outside the European Economic Area unless that country or territory ensures an adequate level of protection for the rights and freedoms of data subjects in relation to the processing of personal data.
Cheltenham & County Harriers is the data controller under data protection legislation and take all necessary steps to ensure that personal data held by the Club about its members is processed fairly and lawfully, and that the Club’s internal procedures are monitored periodically to ensure compliance. This statement explains how the information we collect about you is used and kept securely. It also explains your privacy choices as well as your right to access your information under Data Protection Legislation.It is the policy of Cheltenham & County Harriers to take all necessary steps to ensure that personal data held by the Club about its members is processed fairly and lawfully, and that the Club’s internal procedures are monitored periodically to ensure compliance.
What personal data do we collect/store?In becoming a member of Cheltenham & County Harriers, the club will collect certain information about you which will includes your name, gender, date of birth/age, address, telephone numbers, email address, medical information, athletics events you are interested in and Volunteering (Athletics Data). In addition, if you choose to affiliate with England Athletics (EA) for the purpose of acquiring an EA number at the time of registration, or at a later date, then your Athletics Data will be passed through to EA.Why do we collect it?We will collect and process your Athletics Data for the purposes of administering your involvement in the sport and, optionally, of registering you as a member of EA. We will process it on the basis of legitimate interests. The legitimate interests are the interests of registering you as a member and to administer the sport.In collecting information, the Club will only collect that information which is relevant to Club matters.
How we use your informationWe may use your personal information for a number of purposes, including;
To deal with your requests and enquiries.
To contact you for reasons related to your enquiry.
To notify you about Athletics Events.
To notify you about an Annual General Meeting or other meetings.
To remind you when club subscriptions are due.
To register you with England Athletics if you opt to pay the EA affiliation fee.
To obtain relevant information in order to assist the Cheltenham & County Harriers committee in the running of the club.
The Club will use information provided by members only for the following reasons:
The Clubs Membership Secretary and Treasurer uses the information to maintain current membership listings as we are required to do so by England Athletics.
Club coaches use some of the information, particularly that relating to age and medical conditions, to plan training programmes.
Club coaches and Team Managers use medical information relating to any athlete to ensure that they do not ask the athlete to undertake any athletic activity which would be harmful to their health.
The Team Managers use the information to compile team lists for competitions, notify athletes and keep records of competitions competed in.
The Club will release information about members to people outside the Club only in the following circumstances:
Where there is a legislative requirement to do so.
Where there is an obvious medical reason to do so.
To meet the requirements of athletic competitions in which the Club is competing
Protecting your informationBy submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing of information. We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy. The Internet is not generally a secure medium for communication and therefore we cannot guarantee the security of any information you send to us over the Internet.Sharing your dataWe may share your personal information/Athletics Data with athletics partners such as Gloucestershire Amateur Athletics Association (GAAA), selected members of the National Council, Regional Councils and third- party data managers should we appoint as data processors as part of administering your involvement in sport. We will not transfer your data to any other third parties without obtaining your consent and, where possible, will anonymise your data before sharing. We will also not share any other personal data you provide to us that is not Athletics Data.Where information requests are made by a third party the Club will pass on to the third party only that information which is required in order to comply with legislative or competition requirements.
Data Retention / How long do we keep it?
We will retain your Athletics Data for such time as you are a member of Cheltenham & County Harriers and this Data is reviewed on a regular basis and as a minimum once annually. If you resign from the club, are removed for non-payment of Membership fees or are removed for any other reason, then your data is retained on our membership system for a period of 4 years and then deleted.
Your rights
You have the following rights under the data protection legislation:
to access a copy of the information comprised in your personal data;
to object to processing of your personal data that is likely to cause or is causing damage or distress;
to prevent processing for direct marketing;
to object to decisions being taken by automated means;
to withdraw consent at any time;
in certain circumstances, to have inaccurate personal data rectified, blocked, erased or destroyed;
can seek redress for a breach of data protection legislation.
Finding out what information Cheltenham & County Harriers Athletics Club holds about you
Under the Data Protection Legislation, you can ask to see any personal information that we hold about you. Such requests are called subject access requests.If you would like to make a subject access request, please contact the Club’s Data Protection Officer at chelt.harriers.pow@gmail.comChanges to our Data Protection Policy and Privacy StatementWe regularly review our Data Protection Policy and General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) Privacy Statement and changes will be made where necessary.
Complaints
If you have any concerns or complaints in relation to how Cheltenham & County Harriers collects and/or processes your personal data, you should contact the club’s data protection officer in the first instance. If you are dissatisfied with how your concern/complaint is dealt with by Cheltenham & County Harriers then you have the right to report your concern/complaint to the Information Commissioners Office (www.ico.org.uk).