https://www.nhl.com/senators/team/privacy-policy
Skip to Main Content
The Official Site of the Ottawa Senators
Tickets
Tickets
Single Game Tickets
Family Four Pack
Group Outings
Coca-Cola Zone
McDonald's Fan Zone
Theme Nights
Memberships
Memberships and Packages
Sens on Demand
Sens Pass
My Sens Account
Mobile Ticketing
Suites
Premium Seating
Suites
My Suite Account
Premium Spaces
Team
Team
Roster
Front Office and Team Staff
Prospects
Transactions
Team Photo
Belleville Senators
Broadcast Personalities
Employment Opportunities
Press Kits
Schedule
Schedule
Regular Season Schedule
Theme Nights Schedule
Print Schedule
Download to Calendar
Download the Sens App
TV & Radio Partners
Scores
Stats
Stats
Player Stats
Standings
Game by Game Results
vs. All Teams
Season by Season Tracker
News
News
Top News & Stories
Sens Mobile App
Sens TV
Sens TV
Sens Game Highlights
Locker Room
Sens in the Community
Classic Games
All Access
Off-season
At the Game
All Roads Lead Home
Fan Zone
Fan Zone
Contests & Promotions
Mobile App
Game Experience
Sens Ice Crew
Sens Army Headquarters
Photo Gallery
Wallpapers
Sens Army Insider
Home Game Music Playlist
Apply for the Sens Promotions Crew
Sparty
Contact Us
Community
Community
About Us
How We Give
Get Involved
Connect
Toy/Food Drive
Youth Hockey
Youth Hockey
Sens Power Hour
Hockey Development
Learn to Play Hockey
Sens in School
Community Events
Community Partners
Sens Alumni
Sensplex
Sens Jr. Starters
Bell Capital Cup
Sens Jr. Starters
Plan Your Visit
Plan Your Visit
Directions
Lyft Drop Off & Pick Up
Parking
Public Transportation
Sens Store
Arena Restaurants
Hotels & Accommodations
Around the Arena
Canadian Tire Centre A-Z Guide
Contact Us
Canadian Tire Centre
Shop
Shop
Sens Auction
Official Senators Online Store
The Sens Store
NHL Auctions
Gift Card Balance
Teams
Eastern Conference
Atlantic
Boston
Buffalo
Detroit
Florida
Montréal
Ottawa
Tampa Bay
Toronto
Metropolitan
Carolina
Columbus
New Jersey
NY Islanders
NY Rangers
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Washington
Western Conference
Central
Chicago
Colorado
Dallas
Minnesota
Nashville
St. Louis
Winnipeg
Pacific
Anaheim
Arizona
Calgary
Edmonton
Los Angeles
San Jose
Vancouver
Vegas
Seattle
Coming 2021-2022 Season
Fr
Privacy Policy
The Ottawa Senators Hockey Club* recognizes the importance of your privacy and the sensitivity of your personal information. We are committed to protecting any personal information we receive from you. This Privacy Policy outlines how we collect, manage and use your personal information and safeguard your privacy. The policy is designed to be compliant with the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act ("PIPEDA"), a federal law that governs the collection, use and disclosure of personal information by private sector organizations. This Privacy Policy is subject to, and incorporates by reference, the various Terms of Use governing the use of our associated Web Sites ("Sites").*The Ottawa Senators Hockey Club is owned and operated by Capital Sports & Entertainment Inc. In this policy, "we', "our", and "us" refer to Capital Sports & Entertainment Inc. "Ottawa Senators" is a registered trade-mark of Capital Sports & Entertainment Inc.This policy will govern the use, collection and disclosure of your personal information and will be posted on our Sites.This Privacy Policy applies only to transactions made and information collected on the Sites, and does not apply to any other transactions, information, web site, telephone or offline point of contact with you or other consumers.The Information We Collect From YouFor the purposes of operating the Sites we may collect various types of information from you, including: "contact information" (i.e. information that could be used to contact you such as your name, postal address, phone number and email address as well as your computer's unique IP address); "financial information" (i.e., passwords, credit card numbers and financial institution account numbers); and "demographic information" (e.g., postal code, hometown, income, gender, interests, purchase history information, posting and sales information and age). We may request demographic information for purposes such as registration for newsletters, chat rooms, contests and auctions, and for participation in other interactive online activities. We also may use this information to better understand your needs and preferences and to recommend particular products and services that may meet your needs.What is "Personal Information"?Some of the information we collect from you may constitute "personal information" for the purposes of PIPEDA. Personal information is any information that identifies you and includes your name, address and telephone number.Why We Collect Your Personal InformationWe collect personal information only by lawful and fair means and not indiscriminately. The purposes for which we collect personal information will be limited to those related to our business and to those a reasonable person would consider appropriate. Those purposes may be disclosed in writing, while in other cases, the purposes will be implied. For example, when you sign up to be a SENS INSIDER, you implicitly consent to our use of your personal information for the purpose of delivering this service to you.ConsentConsent for the collection, use and disclosure of personal information may be obtained orally, or in writing and may be expressly given or implied. In determining how we obtain your consent, we take into account the sensitivity of the personal information to be collected, used or disclosed. Where the information is not sensitive, your consent may be implied at the time of collection unless you inform us otherwise. For example, when you fill out a ballot for a contest, you imply consent to our use of your personal information to administer the contest. Similarly when you purchase tickets, you provide implied consent to our processing your purchase and including you in any direct marketing activity we undertake concerning the Ottawa Senators Hockey Club or Canadian Tire Centre* news and events, unless you specifically advise otherwise. If you advise us that you no longer wish to receive information about these matters, we will not send you any further material.Canadian Tire Centre is owned and operated by Capital Sports Properties Inc. You can withdraw your consent for the use of your personal information at any time (see the section entitled "Inquiries/Complaints" below), subject to legal restrictions and upon reasonable notice to us. However, not allowing us to use this information about you may mean that we may not be able to provide you with certain products and services. We will seek your consent at the time your personal information is collected. Where we want to use your personal information for a purpose not previously identified, we will seek your consent prior to such new use of your personal information.Camera PolicyCameras are not permitted for most events. Refer to the event fact page on the Canadian Tire Centre website for the camera policy for each event. Recording devices are not permitted for any event or Senators game. For Senators games cameras are permitted. Cameras with detachable lenses exceeding 75 mm are not permitted. Flash photography is also not permitted at Senators games.Information Other Web Sites Collect From YouOn the Sites, we place links to other web sites operated by third parties. We do not control these other web sites or their business practices, and this Privacy Policy does not apply to these other web sites. The operators of these other web sites may collect different kinds of information about you, and may use and disclose that information in different ways than we would if it were collected on the Sites. It is important that you review their privacy policies and we remind you that we will not be responsible for their actions.How We Collect Your Personal InformationWe collect your personal information in a number of different ways. For example, we collect information from you when you register for one of our contests or promotions, sign up for our SENS INSIDER or other e-newsletter, or complete market research studies conducted by us from time to time. We also collect your information when you subscribe to become an Ottawa Senators season seatholder or Canadian Tire Centre suiteholder, or purchase other tickets from us. We may also collect your personal information when you request information from us to process a complaint that you have registered with us. We also collect your information through the Sites: see the section entitled "Cookies/IP Addresses" below.DisclosureWe do not disclose your personal information to any third party to enable them to market their products and services to you without first obtaining your express consent.We may transfer certain personal information to third parties solely for the purpose of administering, processing, or fulfilling an order or service you have requested on our behalf, such as mailing houses, contest administration, etc. We will insist that any such third parties maintain the confidentiality of the personal information we provide to them and implement appropriate safeguards to prevent its unauthorized disclosure.We reserve the right to co-operate with local, provincial, national and international authorities in investigations of improper or unlawful activities and this may require the disclosure of personal information. We may also report to other organizations about improper or unlawful user activities on the Sites and this reporting may include disclosure of personal information relating to those individuals conducting such improper or unlawful activities.ResponsibilityWe will not be responsible or otherwise liable for any use or disclosure of any information you provide to us by a third party to whom we are allowed to disclose such information under this Privacy Policy.Safeguarding Your Personal InformationWe take all reasonable precautions to ensure that your personal information is kept from loss, unauthorized access, modification, or disclosure, and to limit access to your personal information to those employees who may need it for use in accordance with our Privacy Policy. The Sites employ security measures to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information we receive from you. Where applicable we use secure socket layer (SSL) technology to maintain the security of commerce transactions. We also encrypt your contact information and financial information as it travels over the Internet and we store your financial information on our servers in encrypted form. Your information may be transferred to and maintained in whole or in part on computer networks which may be located outside of the province, country or other governmental jurisdiction in which you reside, and may be stored on equipment or in facilities leased or licensed from third parties.Access to Your Personal InformationYou may ask for access to any personal information we hold about you. We will respond to your request within 30 days. There is no cost for reasonable requests unless you require copies of records. We may not be able to provide you with access to your personal information where denial of access is required or permitted by law, the information cannot be separated from the records of others, cannot be disclosed for reasons of security or confidentiality, or is protected by legal privilege. If we deny your request for access to, or refuse a request to correct, information, we shall explain the reasons for the denial/refusal.Additionally, if you have an account on www.ottawasenators.com , you may modify the information you have submitted to us by following the applicable link on the Site.Updating Your InformationIf any of your information changes, please inform us so that we may make the necessary changes to keep your information current.How Long do you Keep My Personal Information?We keep your personal information as long as is reasonably necessary or as may be required by law, whichever period is longer.Cookies/IP AddressesFrom time to time, the Sites may place a "cookie" on your computer. A cookie is a file written to your computer's hard drive that records certain technical information about your Internet usage, such as your IP address, browser type, or domain name. Also, if you submit personal information to the Sites (such as your name, interests or preferences), we may use cookies to keep track of such information so that you will not need to re-enter this information during subsequent visits. We use cookies to customize delivery of our web site content and advertisements. You may set your Internet browser preferences to notify you when you receive a cookie or decline acceptance of cookies. If you decline acceptance of cookies, however, you may experience less than optimal performance of the Sites.Web servers serving the Sites may automatically collect information about which pages you visit, as well as your IP address or domain name. We may use this information for our internal web site business purposes, for example, to tailor content of the Sites or to assess the amount of traffic to the Sites. We may also provide this information on an aggregated, anonymous basis to our marketing partners and/or advertisers. You should note that e-mail is not a 100% secure medium and you should be aware of this when contacting us with personal information.Children and Our Web SitesWe take our responsibilities to our younger visitors seriously. In addition to the steps outlined in this policy to safeguard the privacy and integrity of personal information: In general, we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 via the Sites. In the future we may offer children the opportunity to enter promotions or contests via the www.ottawasenators.com web site. In this case, the child will be asked only to provide his or her first name and email address, as well as his or her parent's email address. We will use the information only to notify the contest winners, and will require that the winner's parent provide us with whatever information is needed to provide the prize. We may also post information about other promotions or contests that are open to children but that require other personal information (such as home address) to enter. For these contests, children will be required to print a paper entry form from the web site and have their parents sign and mail or fax the form to us.Changes to Privacy PolicyWe may change this policy from time to time. Please review the Sites for updates. Your continued use of the Sites following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes. This policy was last updated on March 17, 2006.Inquiries/ComplaintsIf you have any questions about this policy, if you would like to register a complaint, or if you wish to access your personal information, please contact our Privacy Officer at the following address:Ottawa Senators Hockey ClubPrivacy Officerc/o Legal Department1000 Palladium DriveKanata, OntarioCanada K2V 1A5or you may send an e-mail to the attention of the Privacy Officer at the following address: PrivacyOfficer@ottawasenators.comNone of NHL ICE, NHL Enterprises, L.P., NHL Enterprises Canada, L.P., NHL Enterprises B.V., the National Hockey League and its other member clubs, nor any of their respective officers, directors, governors, owners, other officials, partners, partnerships, principals, employees, affiliates and other related entities, servants, agents, representatives, successors and assigns, have any control of, or responsibility or liability for, our use, disclosure, storage or transmission of any information collected through our websites.