http://www.helicopterskiing.com/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Privacy policyE-newsletter Sign-UpWhen you sign up to be on our email list, you will be asked to provide your first name, last name and email address. Signing up for our e-mail list enables you to receive information about Ruby Mountain Helicopter Experience news via e-mail. If you wish to no longer receive announcements about Ruby Mountains, you can unsubscribe to our mailing list at any time.Booking a Trip Through the Online Reservation SystemWhen you use the online reservation system to plan your trip and make a deposit with Ruby Mountain Helicopter Experience, we will gather personal information including:: your name, billing address, e-mail address, telephone number and credit card information, as well as information about the other members of your party.Using Information We Collect OnlineThe information you provide when subscribing to our email list and booking a trip on the online reservation system will not be used for marketing purposes. We will not sell or rent your personal information to unrelated third parties.Security StatementRuby Mountain Helicopter Experience limits the number of employees that have access to the databases that contain personal data, and all employees are advised of the importance of confidentiality. In addition, it is our policy to never send your credit card number via e-mail. As an added safeguard, Ruby Mountain Helicopter Skiing does not store credit card information with your registered online profile.We designed the Ruby Mountain online reservation system to accept orders only from Web browsers that permit communication through Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology. Browsers that do not meet this requirement will be prevented from making an online transaction through the reservation system of the Ruby Mountain Helicopter Website.Updates to Privacy PolicyAs we continue to offer our visitors new and different types of content and services, Ruby Mountain Helicopter Experience may modify our information collection and use practices. Should there be a material change to our information collection and use practices, it will be applied only to information collected on a going forward basis, and we will update this privacy policy statement.LinksFor your convenience, our Website may contain links to other Websites. RMH does not evaluate and is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Websites. We would urge you to review the privacy policies on each link to ensure that you are comfortable with their privacy policies and practices.Questions/Contact UsAll information collected from the Ruby Mountain Helicopter Experience Website will be used for internal purposes only. We love our customers and we appreciate that you have chosen us to provide your heli-experience.If you have any questions, comments or concerns regarding our privacy practices, please contact us at the following e-mail address, mailing address or telephone number:Info@helicopterskiing.comRuby Mountain Helicopter ExperienceP.O. Box 281192 Lamoille, Nevada 89828-1192Phone:: 775-753-6867