http://www.equiport.co.uk/privacy-policy/
arrow_upward
Need help? Call us on (+44) 01565 723 525
menu
search
favorite_border
shopping_basket
search
Privacy Policy
Equiport Limited (referred to in this Privacy Policy as “we”, “our” and “us”) takes your privacy very seriously. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to see how we will treat the personal information that you provide to us, whether you are a visitor to one of our websites located at www.equiport.co.uk and www.equiporthorseboxhire.co.uk] (the "Site") or a visitor in our shop.
By registering your details with us, making a purchase from us, hiring a vehicle from us or otherwise disclosing any of your personal data to us, you agree that we may use and process that information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.
PART 1: OVERVIEW
This Privacy Policy provides information to you about the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us, whether you are a visitor to our Site or our shop.  This privacy policy should be read in conjunction with our Cookies Policy, any notices or terms located within our shop and our Site Terms of Use.
We will take reasonable care to keep your information secure and to prevent any unauthorised access or use of it. We process all information in accordance with applicable UK data protection legislation. We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time and the change will take effect once the revised Privacy Policy is available on this Site. Therefore, please refer to this Privacy Policy each time you submit your personal information to us. Any changes to our Privacy Policy will be posted to the Site and, where appropriate, via email.
Data controller. The data controller of any personal information we collect from you is Equiport Limited. We are a company registered in England and Wales with company number 02985580 and our registered office is at 1 London Road, Allostock, Knutsford, Cheshire, WA16 9JD.
Are you aged 16 or under?  If so, please get your parent/guardian's permission before disclosing any personal information to our Site. Users aged 16 or under without this consent are not allowed to provide us with personal information.
Are you a sole trader / partnership or an individual communicating with us from a business? If so, we will still collect your personal data in accordance with the relevant parts of this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions or concerns about this, please contact us by emailing sales@equiport.co.uk
PART 2: INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT FROM YOU
The information you provide to us. We may ask you to provide information to us or collect information from you on different occasions, including at a number of points on the Site, such as when you:
send us email enquiries, send your views to us or otherwise communicate with us;
enter competitions;
submit a job application;
use the Wi-Fi at our shop;
register for an account on our Site;
sign up to our newsletter;
purchase goods and/or services from us;
hire a vehicle from us;
interact with us via social media.
In some instances the provision of information will be mandatory, for example if you purchase goods or services from us via our Site or if you hire a vehicle from us, otherwise you will be able to choose whether or not to disclose your personal information to us.
The information you give us may include your name, address, date of birth, gender, e-mail address, user name and password, phone number, financial and credit card information, demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests, feedback regarding our Site and other information relevant to customer surveys or offers.
If you hire a vehicle from us, you will also be required to give us information to verify your ID such as a copy of your driver's licence or other photographic ID and copies of utilities bills, plus information as to any criminal convictions. If you have an accident with our vehicle, we may need to collect sensitive personal information as to any injuries you have sustained as a result of that accident.
We may also collect and process CCTV images, records of any correspondence and communications with us and telephone calls may also be recorded.
The information we collect about you. We may also collect information about each of your visits to the Site, in particular we may automatically collect the following information:
technical information: including the Internet Protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the internet, MAC addresses, traffic data, location data, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and cookies which will be collected in accordance with our Cookies Policy.
information about your visit: including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from the Site (including date and time); products you viewed or searched for; page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page and any phone number used to call our customer service number; and
your use of the vehicle when you hire it from us: we use in-vehicle data systems to collect information as to the vehicle's condition and performance during your use (including mileage and fuel), and your operation of the vehicle (such as speed driven).  Additionally, all our vehicles are fitted with tracking devices so we may track the locations of our vehicles at all times whilst they are in use. We will only access this information if we are concerned as to the location of the vehicle and consider that you may be acting in breach of our hire agreement by driving it outside of the authorised territory or by failing to return it on time.
Information we receive from other sources. Personal information may also be provided to us from online vendors, service providers who refer you to our Sites or services, from customer lists lawfully acquired from third party vendors and from other third parties who work with us in connection with our Site or services.
Third-party service providers may, without limitation, be appointed to provide technical support, process your transactions and maintain your accounts or to run promotions or marketing campaigns. We may have access to any personal information provided to such vendors, service providers and third party e-commerce services.
When you apply to hire a vehicle from us we will request information from DVLA to verify the validity of your driving licence and to confirm whether you have any record of driving offences and related points and convictions.
PART 3: HOW EQUIPORT USES YOUR INFORMATION
We may use your personal information for the following purposes:
Information you give to us. We may use this information to:
provide customer support e.g. responding to your enquiries;
send you a welcome email to verify your account when you register with the Site or make a purchase and other emails for the purposes of providing any services, products, competitions or promotions to you, including in relation to account management or system maintenance;
process job applications;
send information to you that you have requested;
notify you about changes to our Site, services and/or products;
carry out our obligations arising from any contract that we may enter into with you including to process and fulfil any order or request and to hire our vehicle;
undertake statistical and reseach work;
provide you with marketing information about other services or products we offer that are similar to those you have already purchased, or services or products you have consented to receiving on the Site or in one of our venues; maintain our records;
improve our Site, products and services and/or customise the Site according to your interests;
build a profile of you so we can get to know you better. If you do not want us to do this, you can ask us to stop by contacting us at sales@equiport.co.uk and notifying us that you do not consent to profiling;
send you further information that is related to your purchase, by post, e-mail, telephone or in response to communications from you via Facebook Messenger or other social media. If you do not wish to receive this information please use the Unsubscribe function in the information we send you or alternatively email us at sales@equiport.co.uk and notify us of this;
carry out appropriate and necessary investigations and discharge or legal and regulatory obligations and duties, including to comply with anti-fraud and anti-money laundering requirements;
verify your ID and eligibility upon your request to hire a vehicle from us;
ensure that content from the Site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
Please note we will not use any financial or credit card information for any purpose other than to discharge our legal / regulatory duties and to process payments paid by you for our products and services or due to you by agreement (e.g. refunds).
We and selected third parties (such as our commercial partners where you have expressly consented to this) would like to send you marketing information, by post, e-mail, or SMS. Please see the "consent" section of USING YOUR INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH DATA PROTECTION LAWS below. If you change your mind about what marketing you would like to receive from us and those third parties to whom you have expressly consented you can unsubscribe via the link in any marketing communication or alternatively notify is of this by emailing us at sales@equiport.co.uk.
Information we collect about you. We may use this information to:
administer our Site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
carry out appropriate and necessary investigations and discharge our legal and regulatory obligations and duties, including to comply with anti-fraud and anti-money laundering requirements, and (where applicable) to safeguard our staff and other customers/users in respect of unlawful, disruptive or objectionable behaviour at our store or on our Site;
when you are hiring a vehicle from us, to check your eligibility to hire the vehicle as required by our terms of hire, to check that you are using the vehicle properly in accordance with the terms of hire, that you are keeping within the speed limits, that you are not driving the vehicle outside of the authorised territory and that you are in the course of returning the vehicle prior to expiry of the hire period;
improve our Site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer and to ensure you receive a personalised and continously improving customer service;
allow you to participate in interactive features of our Site, when you choose to do so;
work to keep our Site safe and secure;
undertake data-matching activities in respect of your use of our Site/services and your use of certain third party services;
deliver effective and personalised marketing material and content of Equiport and to assist us in the improvement and optimisation of advertising, marketing material and content, our services and the Sites;
measure, understand and monitor the effectiveness of advertising, promotions, marketing material and content and any joint initiatives with our affiliates, suppliers, partners, subcontractors and other selected third parties;
build a profile of you, your preferences and your habits;
measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you where permitted;
make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of our Site or services about goods or services that may interest you or them.
Information we receive from other sources. We will combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you.  We will use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive).
PART 4: USING YOUR INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH DATA PROTECTION LAWS
Data protection laws require that we meet certain conditions before we are allowed to use your data in the manner described in this Privacy Policy.
We take our responsibilities under data protection laws extremely seriously, including meeting these conditions. To use your personal data, we will rely on the following conditions, depending on the activities we are carrying out:
Compliance with legal obligations: As a company established under the laws of England and Wales, Equiport is obliged to comply with UK laws and guidance provided by the UK regulatory bodies. In particular, we will need to process your personal information to verify your identity, in some circumstances establish your age, establish your source of funds for anti-money laundering, anti-terrorism and fraud purposes, and to establish whether you have been barred from any of our venues or from using our Site due to objectionable behaviour. You will not be able to object to processing or ask for the deletion of your personal information insofar as it falls under this category.
Necessary for the entry into/performance of a contract: When you enter into a transaction with us, a contract between you and us will have been entered into. In order for us to fulfil our obligations under such a contract (e.g. to allow you to purchase goods from us), we will need to collect and process your personal information. Failure to provide the requisite personal information on sign-up and financial information on entering into the transaction or objecting to this type of processing/exercising your deletion rights will unfortunately mean we cannot provide our goods/services to you.
Consent: We may send you marketing messages by email and text message about us, our Site and our shop and offers provided you have not unsubscribed and where you have purchased goods from us or otherwise agreed to receive these messages. We provide easy ways to stop our marketing, and you can opt out at any time. If you are not a customer of ours but have provided us with consent to use your details for marketing purposes, then we may also contact you about our events, goods and services. If you have confirmed that you would like to hear from us about other party's goods and services then we will use your details to contact you with marketing information about such party's goods and services. If you have confirmed that you would like to hear directly from a third party (including other members of our Group) about such party's goods and services then we will share your details with such third party so they can contact you about their goods and services. In each of these situations, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time and can object to processing of this nature. Where you consent to us sending you marketing information, we will treat this as lasting for 12 months unless we tell you otherwise at the time.
Legitimate interests: To use your personal data for any other purpose described in this Privacy Policy, we will rely on a condition known as "legitimate interests". It is in our legitimate interests to collect your personal data as it provides us with the information that we need to provide our services to you more effectively and to manage our business. Effectively, this requires us to carry out a balancing test of our interests in using your personal data (for example, in order to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us), against the interests you have as a citizen and the rights you have under data protection laws (for example, to not have your data sold to third party marketing companies without your knowledge, or not store your personal data in insecure or unstable countries or regions). The outcome of this balancing test will determine whether we can use your personal data in the ways described in this Privacy Policy (except in relation to certain marketing activities, where we will always rely on our explicit consent). We will always act reasonably and give full and proper consideration to your interests in carrying out this balancing test.
PART 5: THE PERIOD FOR WHICH WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION
When your data is no longer required for the purposes listed above, we will delete it within the periods set out below:
Marketing consents will be refreshed every 12 months;
CCTV will typically be deleted after 1 month;
Unsuccessful job applications will typically be deleted after 6 months;
Any other information will typically be deleted within 7 years from the date of the communication.
We may keep your personal information for up to 7 years, to enable us to retain information which we may require for legal and regulatory purposes. Occasionally we may retain personal information for longer periods of time relating to bespoke product specifications for re-ordering purposes.
PART 6: SHARING INFORMATION
We will only share your personal information with our affiliates and the third party service providers if this is necessary or reasonably required for any of the purposes listed above. Such third party service providers are not entitled to use your information for their own purposes.
We will only disclose your information to:
business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with them or you;
third party suppliers and service providers for the purposes listed above PART 3: HOW EQUIPORT USES YOUR INFORMATION;
third party suppliers and service providers to the extent they assist Equiport with its legal and/or regulatory obligations e.g. providers of services in respect of anti-money laundering, fraud, verification etc;
selected commercial partners so that they can contact you with details of the services that they provide, where you have expressly opted-in/consented to the disclosure of your personal data for these purposes (see "consent" above under PART 4: USING YOUR INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH DATA PROTECTION LAWS);
analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our Site and other selected third parties; and
your employer, email or internet provider, parents (if you are under the age of 18) or law enforcement agencies, or other approriate third parties, where we consider your behaviour to be unlawful, offensive, inappropriate or objectionable at our shop or on our Site.
We will disclose your personal information to third parties:
in the event that we consider selling or buying any business or assets or merge or enter into a joint venture with another business entity in which case we will disclose your personal data to any prospective sellers or buyers of such business or assets;
in the event of any insolvency situation (e.g. the administration or liquidation) of Equiport;
if we, or substantially all of our assets, are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by us about our customers will be one of the transferred assets;
in order to enforce or apply our Site terms and conditions;
to protect the rights. property or safety of us, our staff, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations (including without limitation, other third parties, your employer, educational institution, email or internet provider, your parents (if you are under the age of 18) and/or the metropolitan police or other law enforcement agencies) for the purposes of staff and customer safety (whether this is in-store or online), crime prevention, fraud protection and credit risk reduction; and
if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation or regulatory requirements, or otherwise for the prevention and detection of fraud or crime.
Please note that some of these third parties may be located outside of the United Kingdom, including in countries where data protection laws might not exist or be of a lower standard than the EU. Those parties may process information, fulfil and deliver orders, process credit card payments and provide services on our behalf. By submitting your personal information, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you wish to opt out of this, please email sales@equiport.co.uk.
PART 7: WHERE WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area ("EEA").  We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers, or those of our suppliers.
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our Site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential.  We ask you not to share a password with any other person.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure.  Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our Site; any transmission is at your own risk.  Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
PART 8: LINKS
This Site may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of these sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave this Site and to read the privacy statements applicable on those sites. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected on third parties’ sites.
PART 9: YOUR RIGHTS
You have a number of rights under data protection law in relation to the way we process your personal data, although these are not absolute and in some instances we may be unable to accept your request, in which case we will respond to you to explain why.  You may contact us using the details on our Site (or by contacting us directly at sales@equiport.co.uk) to exercise any of these rights and we will respond to any request received from you within one month from the date of the request.
PART 10: UPDATING YOUR INFORMATION
In the event that there is a change to your personal information, for example your contact details, please let us know of this by writing to the Data Protection Officer, at the address provided below so that we can keep your information up to date and accurate.
PART 11: CONTACT US
If you have any comments or queries about this Privacy Policy, wish to stop direct marketing by Equiport or you wish to exercise any of your rights set out above please write to our Office Manager at Equiport Limited, 1 London Road, Allostock, Knutsford, Cheshire, WA16 9JD or email us sales@equiport.co.uk.
This policy was last reviewed and updated: August 2019.
Get Our Deals First!
Want to get our latest deals first?
Sign up to our newsletter to hear about it first!
Stay In The Know
About Us
add
Equiport Blog
Company Info
Trade Stands
Testimonials
Customer Service
add
FAQs
Delivery & Returns
Sizing Information
Payment Information
How To Order
Gift Vouchers
Get In Touch
add
Contact Us
© Copyright Equiport Equestrian Supplies UK
Terms of Use
|
Terms of Sale
|
Privacy Policy
|
Cookies
eCommerce Web Design by Surefire Media