http://www.j2ski.com/forum_terms_of_use.html
Ski Forum Terms of Use
"The Forum Rules" you Accept by Registering
All Users
Must be at least 13 years old.
Links in posts are permitted but all linked websites must be ski-related.
Signatures (see My Profile) must be a single line of text with a maximum of one link - and no graphics.
Phone numbers and email addresses are not to be included in posts.
Website Owners
Are very welcome to make genuine contributions to the forum, and...
May place a link to their own Ski Related website, but in their signature only.
Must include a clear and visible link to J2Ski on their site before posting.
Understand that Link Spamming will get all Posts deleted and the Account locked.
Business Users
The Ski Forum is for Discussion - NOT Advertising.
It is strictly for the free exchange of information. If you wish to Advertise on J2Ski then you can find out more on our Advertising Pages.
Posts Relating to your business must be low-key (in our opinion) and of genuine interest to our community.
Commercial Posts Not Related to Snow Sports - are not permitted.
Be Aware
Your posts will be publicly available on the internet; Do NOT post phone numbers or other personal information.
All Users accept that J2Ski is not responsible for the content of Posts made in the Forum, and that the messages express the views of the authors, not the views of J2Ski or any entity associated with j2ski.
J2Ski Forum Terms of Use
We're very sorry, but the lawyers made us do it... please read the following.
By registering to use our Forum, by posting messages, and by continuing to make use of j2ski you acknowledge that you unreservedly accept each and all of the following conditions.
If you do not accept these conditions, in their entirety, you may not use our Ski Chat Forums.
Our commitment to You - our use of these rules is to maintain a friendly and useful environment for you to exchange information about Snow Sports. Barring legal action, we will never share your e-mail address, IP number or other information with anyone without your prior permission.
You Understand, Accept and Agree to all of the following :-
You are over the age of 13 years.
Commercial Posts Related to Snow Sports must be low-key (in our opinion) and of genuine interest to our community.
Links from posts to external websites must be ski-related. If you wish to place a link to your site (from a post or signature) then you are expected to return the favour.
Commercial Posts Not Related to Snow Sports - are not permitted.
You will be Cool - you will not post anything knowingly false and/or defamatory, inaccurate, abusive, hateful, harassing, threatening, invasive of a person's privacy, or illegal.
You will respect Copyright - you may not post any copyrighted material unless the copyright is owned by you or by j2ski.
We will respect your Copyright - copyright of all original material posted remains the intellectual property of the poster.
You allow us Fair Use - by posting material that you own, you grant j2ski an un-limited license for its public reproduction on this Web Site.
You Accept - that we cannot constantly monitor posted messages. We do not vouch for or warrant the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of any message, and are not responsible for the contents of any message.
The messages express the views of the authors, not the views of j2ski or any entity associated with j2ski.
This is not a Democracy - we may, at any time and without notice, edit or delete any post we consider to violate the above rules (or any other rule we may make up from time to time). Repeat Offenders may be restricted or banned without notice, explanation or right of appeal.
You are solely responsible for the content of your messages, and you agree to indemnify and hold j2ski and our personnel harmless with respect to any claim based upon transmission of your or other's messages. We reserve the right to reveal your identity (or whatever information we know about you) in the event of legal action arising from any message posted by you.
Be Aware
Remember that the contents of your posts will be publicly available on the internet. Do not post phone numbers or other personal information.
If you feel that a posted message is objectionable please contact a Moderator immediately (send a Private Message to the user Admin).
Snow Forecasts by e-mail
As soon as you've registered, you can login and set your Profile to receive Weekly Snow Forecasts for any 2 of 600 Ski Resorts worldwide.
Three Key Rules You Agree To
Rule #1 - Be Cool
Respect all community members.
Rule #2 - Respect Copyright
Respect the rights of others; do not post copyrighted material.
Rule #3 - Allow us Fair Use
Grant J2Ski the right to use your contribution on our web sites.
Chat about...
Snow Reports by e-mail - New Ski Resorts10-Dec-2020 - 50 Replies
J2Ski Snow Report - December 10th 202010-Dec-2020
Tour Operator Alpine Elements Goes Bust Blaming French Xmas 10-Dec-2020
Andorra's Ski Areas Not Opening Until January10-Dec-2020 - 20 Replies
Please Shareif you like this page
J2Ski
Menu
Snow Reports
Ski Resorts
Hotels
Chalets
Airports
Holidays
Chat
Home
Snow Mail Login
Photo Snow Report
Ski Forum Latest Chat
Worldwide
Snow Reports & Forecasts
Ski Resorts
Ski Hotels
Airports & Transfers
Site Menu
J2Ski Sites for
UK US Au Ca NZ
Close
J2Ski Sites for
UK US Au Ca NZ
Close