https://www.pointewestgolf.com/privacy/
Online Statements
Member Login
Search our website:
Press enter to begin your search
Privacy Policy
Pointe West Golf Club Privacy Policy
Pointe West Golf Club is committed to ensuring private information about members, guests and suppliers is used solely for the purpose of operating a premier private golf club.
Information held by the club is stored securely and released only to firms and individuals that can also ensure privacy and security.
Pointe West Golf Club will not provide confidential information regarding it’s members, guests or suppliers to any outside agencies.
Limited information may be released from time to time to related organisations to allow required services to be provided to our members. Examples of this include but are not limited to the Golf Association of Ontario and the Golf Association of Michigan.
Should you have any questions regarding the Privacy Policy of Pointe West, please contact Sherry Mailloux, Accounting and Administration Manager, and Privacy Officer.
If you would like the Club to include your telephone number and your personal email address in the Club’s Roster, please complete the form displayed below.
Authorization Form
Name *
Required
First
Last
Member # *
RequiredEmail *
Required
Phone *
RequiredI approve the following and understand that this information will only be available to Members Only. *
Required
Select All
I approve the posting of my personal email in the Pointe West Golf Club Roster
I approve the posting of my telephone number in the Pointe West Golf Club Roster
I would like to receive copies of the Club's ELetter and other electronic communications
Please choose any or all that you are providing consent to:CAPTCHA
Our LocationPointe West Golf Club
200 Golfwood Drive
Amherstburg, ON N9V 3T4
Canada
Map & Driving Directions
Contact Us Main Office:  519-736-8623
Golf Shop:     519-736-8601
Clubhouse:   519-736-2838
admin@pointewestgolf.com
519-736-8625
Rules & PoliciesRules and Regulations
Clubhouse Dress Code
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
Follow us on Facebook Members.... Get your orders in for these amazing Take Out Features!!... Curbside Pickup Available.....Include the selected Beverage Pairing and consider Dinner....Done!!! ... See MoreSee Less 3 days ago  ·  Attention Members...Available for pickup in Limited Quantities, Chef Vanessa has prepared these delicious Soups and the Ultimate Mile High Shepard's Pie! ..... Standard Curbside Pickup Hours Apply: Wednesday to Saturday - 4 p.m. to 7 p.m. Orders Must be Placed by 12 Noon on Day of Pickup......Bread Orders Must be placed by 12 Noon One Day prior to Required Pickup Date....Curbside Orders should be emailed to:clubhousemanager@pointewestgolf.com .... Heat and Enjoy!! ... See MoreSee Less 4 days ago  ·  Attention Members.....The perfect compliment to any meal!!... Order your homemade loaf of bread baked by Club Sous Chef Emily!... Orders can be placed by email to Clubhouse Manager Dave VanderHoeven at clubhousemanager@pointewestgolf.com
.... 24 hour notice is required! ... See MoreSee Less 7 days ago  ·
© 2020 Pointe West Golf Club.
|
Website designed by WP.
Home
Membership
Personal Membership
Corporate Membership
Shareholder Benefits
Private Events
Dining & Catering
Weddings
Event Testimonials
Golf Course
Course Overview
Tournaments
Guest Play
Public Notice of Pesticide Use
Contact
Contact Us
Advertising & Sponsorships
Employment
Member’s Area