http://www.seryfa-online.info/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
At SERYFA we are committed to protecting and preserving the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy contains an explanation of what happens to personal data that you choose to provide to us, or that we collect from you whilst you visit this site.
Our Privacy Policy should be read in conjunction with our Terms and Conditions.
Any personal data collected through this website will be treated as confidential in line with the principles of the Data Protection Act 1998. We do occasionally update this Policy so please return and review it from time to time.
Information We Collect
In running and operating this website we may collect and process certain data and information relating to you and your use of this site. This data and information is detailed below:
Details of visits to our website and the pages and resources that are accessed, including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data and other communication data that may assist us in understanding how visitors use this website.
Information, including email addresses, location and occupation, that visitors may voluntarily provide to us as a result of filling in forms on our website
Information provided to us when our visitors communicate with us electronically for any reason.
Use of Cookies
Cookies are sometimes used to improve the website experience of a visitor to a website. We may sometimes use cookies on this website to record aggregate statistical information about the visitors to our site and the use that our visitors make of the website. When collected this information is used by us to improve our website and further enhance the visitor experience and may be shared with advertisers. Please note that no personally identifiable information is recorded.
We may also use the cookies to gather information about your general internet use to further assist us in developing our website. Where used, these cookies are downloaded to your computer automatically and stored on the hard drive of your computer. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive and then stored there and transferred to us where appropriate to help us to improve our website and the service that we provide to you.
SERYFA website uses third-party cookies to measure use of the website including number of visitors, how frequently pages are viewed, and the city and country of origin of users. This helps to determine what is popular and can influence future content and development. For this purpose, we use Google Analytics to measure and analyse usage of the website. The information collected by SERYFA will include IP Address, pages visited, browser type and operating system. The data will not be used to identify any user personally.
Users have the opportunity to set their computers to accept all cookies, to notify them when a cookie is issued, or not to receive cookies at any time. The last of these means that certain personalised services cannot then be provided to that user.
ShareThis
League Contacts
If you need to contact us, please do so through our Regional Contacts
Site Information
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Useful Information
Useful Links
Sponsors
Forms & Documentation Downloads
Connect with Us
You can stay in touch with hot news via Twitter and Team App. Join us by connecting on the links below.
Twitter
TeamApp