http://www.redskins.com/about-us/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Advertising
Privacy Policy | Washington Redskins - Redskins.com
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: September 2020
This privacy policy applies to the Washington Football Team Web site located at www.washingtonfootball.com and related applications and communications (collectively the "Site"). The Site is operated by Pro-Football, Inc. (the "Washington Football Team", "we", "our", or "us"). The purpose of this privacy policy is to disclose to you what information we may collect, how we may collect it, with whom we may share it, and certain other matters related to such information, including the choices you have regarding our collection of information and our use and disclosure to other parties of information we may have collected from you.
If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices, please contact The Washington Football Team legal department at 703-726-7000 or 21300 Coach Gibbs Drive, Ashburn, VA 20147.
When this privacy policy uses the term "personally identifiable information" or "personal information," we mean information that identifies a particular individual, such as your full name, street address or email address. When other information, such as a favorite team or player, is associated with personal information, it also becomes personally identifiable information for the purposes of this privacy policy.
If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices, please contact us at Pro-Football, Inc., 21300 Coach Gibbs Drive, Ashburn, VA 20147. If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here: http://watchdog.truste.com/pvr.php?page=complaint.
Please read the information below to learn more about our data collection policies and practices.
Types of Information that may be Collected
Information You Provide Us
Personal information that you provide to us, including without limitation your name, email address, telephone number, physical address, birth date, gender or zip code or other information may be collected via the Site.
Site Usage Information
We may receive and store certain types of information whenever you visit the Site. For example, we may collect click-stream data and your IP address.
Email Communications
When you open emails from the Site, we may receive a confirmation noting you opened an email from us, if your computer supports such capabilities. We also may keep track of what emails we send you and what emails you may be receiving from us and our subsidiaries and affiliates. Additionally, we keep a record of what types of emails you have opted to and not to receive.
Information from Other Sources
We may receive information about you from other sources and add it to your personal information.
How information may be collected
We may collect information from you in several different areas on the Site, including but not limited to those described below:
Registration
You may be asked to complete a registration form and provide personally identifiable information; you may also be asked to choose a user ID and password in order to take advantage of certain features the Site may choose to offer.
All users must register when shopping at the Washington Football Team Online Store site (http://store.washingtonfootball.com). Our registration form requires users to give us contact information (such as name, age range, password, and e-mail address). You must be 13 years of age or older to register. Registration helps us to provide you with an easy and personalized shopping experience, with quick and simple checkout options. The customer contact information you supply on the registration form will be used to send you e-mail newsletters and updates about upcoming sales, contests, promotions and product information. In addition, the information is used, when necessary, to contact you concerning the status of an order or to answer any of your questions. We may selectively choose to share this information with other divisions of our business and/or third parties.
If you would like, you can also fill out a customer profile. While it is not required, information obtained from the customer profile questions helps us to learn more about our customers and is used to improve our customers' shopping experience with us.
Newsletters and Site Emails
We may offer free newsletters to share information with you about the Site, about us and our affiliates and subsidiaries, or about our business partners. You may receive a newsletter either by registering for a particular newsletter or in conjunction with a special feature or membership for which you have registered on the Site. You may cancel your free email subscription by following the instructions provided on the Site or, in some instances, in the designated area of certain newsletters or emails.
Surveys or Voting
From time-to-time we may request personally identifiable information from you via surveys or voting polls. Participation is voluntary and you will have the opportunity to decide whether or not to disclose information. At times, you may have to register to vote or to take part in a survey.
Contests or Sweepstakes
We may operate contests and sweepstakes through the Site which may require registration. Your personally identifiable information may be used to contact you for winner notification, prize delivery confirmation or other related purposes. We may post publicly some of your information on the Site, such as on a winners page, in the event you win a contest or sweepstakes. In some instances, a third party advertiser or sponsor may operate or host a contest or sweepstakes on the Site, and collect your information. In those cases, where we are not the operator or host of the contest or sweepstakes, we have no control over the information collected and accordingly urge you to review the advertiser's or sponsor's privacy policy applicable to the contest or sweepstakes before participating.
Order Information
Customers use an order form to request or purchase information or products. When you place an order, we collect contact information, such as your shipping and e-mail addresses, and financial information, such as your account or credit card numbers. Contact information from the order form is used to send orders and information about us to our customers and to get in touch with them when necessary. Financial information is used to bill the customer for products. You also have the option of ordering products over the telephone, and you may choose to pay by check.
If you register with the site, we can store your credit card information on file on our secure servers for your use on future orders. If you select this option, you will be able to store multiple credit card information in "My Account" of the Washington Football Team Online Store. You will be shown the name you selected for your card, its last four digits, and the expiration date to confirm it is the card you want to use again. When you select this payment option, your credit card information goes over a secured server.
In order to change or modify information previously provided by you, please click on the Shop tab and then choose "My Account" and update your information using the options on this page.
Cookies
As with many websites, the Site uses standard technology called "cookies," which are small data files that are transferred to your computer when you allow your browser to accept cookies. Cookies automatically identify your web browser to the Site whenever you visit the Site, and make using the Site easier for you by saving your passwords, purchases, and preferences. By tracking how and when you use the Site, cookies help us determine which areas are popular and which are not. Many improvements and updates to the Site are based on data obtained from cookies. Accepting cookies allows you, among other things, to personalize your experience on the Site. Cookies may also allow the Site to present to you content or advertising which may be of interest to you. If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, you generally can opt out of providing this information by turning the cookies off in your browser; however, some areas of the Site may not provide you with a personalized experience if you have disabled the use of cookies. We do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site. The use of cookies by third parties is not covered by our privacy policy. We do not have access or control over these cookies. These third parties use session ID cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site.
Web Beacons, Pixels, and Other Tracking Technology
Our Site uses a variety of technical methods for tracking purposes, including Web beacons and pixels. Web beacons are small pieces of data that are embedded in images on the pages of Web sites which may be set by us or our third party partners. We also use these technical methods to analyze the traffic patterns of our Web sites, such as the frequency with which our users visit various parts of our Web sites. These technical methods may involve the transmission of information either directly to us or to another party authorized by us to collect information on our behalf. We also use these technical methods in HTML e-mails that we send to determine whether the e-mails have been opened and/or links clicked on in those e-mails. The information from use of these technical methods may be collected in a form that is personally identifiable.
We may use pixels, or transparent GIF files, to help manage online advertising. These GIF files are provided by our ad management partners. These files enable our advertising management partners to recognize unique cookies in your Web browser, which in turn enables us to learn which advertisements bring users to the Site. The cookie may have been placed by us or by another advertiser who works with our advertising management partners. With pixels, the information that we collect and share is anonymous and not personally identifiable. For more information about pixel technology and about how to opt out of these technologies, please visit www.doubleclick.net/us/corporate/privacy.
IP Addresses and Click-stream Data
We may collect IP addresses and/or click-stream data for purposes of system administration and to report aggregate information to our business partners. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you access the Internet. Our computers identify your computer by its IP address. When you request web pages from the Site, our computers log your IP address. Click-stream data is information collected by our computers when you request web pages from the Site. Click-stream data may include such information as the page served, the time, the source of the request, the type of browser making the request, the preceding page view and other such non-personal information. When analyzed, this data helps us analyze how visitors arrive at the Site, what type of content is most popular, what type of visitors in the aggregate are interested in particular kinds of content and advertising, and the like.
How we use the Information Collected
As applicable, the information you provide to us may be used to:
contact you about the Site
contact you relating to your registration and/or membership status;
confirm or fulfill an order you have made;
monitor or improve the use of the Site;
customize the advertising and content you see;
monitor compliance with our terms and conditions of use of the Site
provide special offers to you from us and/or our affiliates and/or other third parties;
send you promotional material on behalf of our business partners; and
inform you of a prize you have won.
With whom the Information May be Shared
At times, we may share your personally identifiable information with others for various purposes. We will not share, sell, rent or trade personally identifiable information with third parties for their promotional purposes. The following outlines the ways in which your information may be shared with others:
Agents
We employ other businesses, certain services and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include Website operation, sending e-mail, removing repetitive information from user lists, Website analysis, analyzing data, processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. These entities have access to personally identifiable information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.
Promotional Offers
We may send offers by email to you on behalf of other parties. When we do this, we do not give that party your name and address. If you do not want to receive such offers, you may opt out in response to the email, or change your preferences by visiting here.
Aggregate Information
We may share aggregate information such as demographics and Site usage statistics with our affiliates or other organizations. When this type of information is shared, the other parties do not have access to your personally identifiable information.
Opt-in and Opt-out Programs
Throughout the Site you may be presented with opportunities to receive special offers from third parties. An opt-in/opt-out message will ask you if you would like your information to be shared. If you do choose to have your information shared, in an effort to protect you, third parties who have access to personally identifiable information must abide by the current Site privacy policy. However, we are not responsible for the privacy practices of these other companies, and you should review the privacy practices of such Web sites prior to providing your personally identifiable information.
Third-Party Ad Serving
The Website may use a third party network advertiser to serve the advertisements on the Website. Network advertisers are third parties that display advertisements based on your visits to this Website and other Web sites you have visited. Third-party ad serving enables us to target advertisements to you for products or Web sites you might be interested in. Although advertisers or other companies do not have access to the Wesbsite cookies, the Website's advertisers and sponsors may themselves set and access their own cookies on your computer if you choose to have your cookies enabled in your browser. Cookies allow third party advertisers to show you advertisements or content you might be interested in. Other companies' use of their cookies is subject to their own privacy policies, not this one.
Third-Party Ad Serving and Audience and Traffic Measurement Services
We may use third-parties to serve advertisements on the Services. These third parties may set their own cookies or similar web technologies to collect information about users' online activities over time and across different websites. To manage your preferences you may opt out here http://preferences-mgr.truste.com/. The Services may feature Nielsen proprietary measurement software, which will allow users to contribute to market research, such as Nielsen TV Ratings. Nielsen believes that you should have a choice about whether to contribute to our research and insights. To opt out of Nielsen measurement, you need only to activate the "Limit Ad Tracking" (for iOS devices) or "Opt out of Ads Personalization" (for Android devices) option in your devices settings. For web, please visit: http://www.nielsen.com/digitalprivacy to learn more about the Nielsen digital measurement products and your choices in regard to them.
Business Transfers
The Site may be sold along with its assets, or other transactions may occur in which your personally identifiable information is one of the business assets transferred. In such a case, your personally identifiable information, which we have gathered, may be one of the business assets we transfer.
Legal Process
In the event we are required to respond to subpoenas, court orders or other legal process your personally identifiable information may be disclosed pursuant to such subpoena, court order or legal process, which may be without notice to you.
Tell-a-Friend
If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our site, we will ask you for your friend's name and email address. We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the Site.
Chat Rooms, Forums, and Message Boards
The Site may make chat rooms, forums and message boards available to its users. You are not required to provide any personal information when using these areas but you may choose to do so. If you post personal information online, it will be publicly available and you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties. We cannot ensure the security of any information you choose to make public in a chat room, forum, or message board. Also, we cannot ensure that parties who have access to such publicly available information will respect your privacy. Please exercise caution when deciding to disclose personal information in these areas.
Links to Other Web Sites
This privacy policy applies only to this Site. When you are on the Site you could be directed to other sites beyond our control. This includes links from advertisers, sponsors and others that may use the Site's logo as part of a cobranding agreement. These other web sites may send their own cookies to you, independently collect data or solicit personal information and may or may not have their own published privacy policies. If you visit a website that is linked to our Site, you should consult that site's privacy policy before providing any personal information.
Security
This Site incorporates reasonable safeguards to protect the security, integrity, completeness, accuracy and privacy of the personal information that we may collect and we have put into place reasonable precautions to protect such information from loss, misuse and alteration. Certain personally identifiable information, such as credit card information, is transferred to our computers utilizing encryption software. Only those employees who need access to your information in order to do their jobs are allowed access. Our security policies are reviewed periodically and revised as required.
A Special Note for Parents Concerning Privacy
The Site is a general audience site. We do not currently collect any personal information from children under the age of thirteen on the Site. If in the future, we knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children, we will do so in compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (15 U.S.C. 6501 et seq.) including, without limitation, obtaining necessary parental consents. We encourage you to visit the Direct Marketing Association's Web site (www.the-dma.org) and explore the Get CyberSavvy! Program as well as the GetNetWise Web site (www.getnetwise.org) to learn more about parental control tools.
A Special Note for California Residents
This section provides additional information to California residents whose personal information is processed by Site pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA"). If you are not a California resident, this section does not apply to you.
During the preceding 12 months, Site has collected the following categories of personal information that are processed pursuant to the CCPA: (1) identifiers, such as your contact information and online account information; (2) Internet and electronic network activity information, such as information about your interactions with the Washington Football Team websites, mobile applications, and social media pages; (3) audio, electronic, or visual information; (4) professional information; (5) education information; (6) inferences about you, including about your preferences; (7) financial information and other information as described above that may be considered personal information under Cal. Civ. Code Section 1798.80; (8) protected classifications under California or federal law; (9) commercial information including records or products or services purchased; (10) geolocation data.
We do not, and will not without your consent, "sell" personal information for purposes of the CCPA. As set forth in the Policy, we disclose personal information to third parties for business purposes, including without limitation, for purposes of advertising, marketing, and other services performed on our behalf, to protect against fraud and malicious activity, and for other business purposes described in the Policy. During the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed each of the above-listed categories of personal information for such business purposes. In addition, your information may be accessible to third parties with whom you interact or direct us to share your information through our services.
The CCPA allows California residents to request that a business that collects consumers' personal information give consumers access, upon a verifiable consumer request, in a portable and (if technically feasible) readily usable form, to the specific pieces and categories of personal information that the business has collected about the consumer, the categories of sources for that information, the business or commercial purposes for collecting the information, and the categories of third parties with which the information was shared. California residents also have the right to submit a request for deletion of personal information under certain circumstances, although there may be legal or other reasons that the Washington Football Team must retain your information consistent with California law. We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights and choices, although some of the functionality and features available to you may change or no longer be available to you. Any differences in the services are related to the value provided.
If you wish to submit a request, please do so by emailing webmaster@washingtonfootball.com. Once we receive your request, we may verify it by requesting information sufficient to confirm your identity. If you would like to use an authorized agent registered with the California Secretary of State to exercise your rights, we may request evidence that you have provided such agent with power of attorney or that the agent otherwise has valid written authority to submit requests to exercise rights on your behalf. We reserve the right to deny requests in certain circumstances, such as where we have a reasonable belief that the request is fraudulent.
Your Acceptance of the Privacy Policy and Notification of Changes to the Policy
By using this Site, you signify your agreement to the terms of our privacy policy. We may amend this privacy policy at any time. If we make a material change to the way in which we collect, use, and/or share your personal information, we will post a notice on our website and / or send an email to users who have provided an email address. We will assume that you have given your permission for your information to be used under the terms of the new privacy policy, if you do not respond to our email within thirty days or continue to use the Site thirty days after a notice is posted. Please note that you should always update your personal information to provide us with a current email address.
Correction/Updating Personal Information
If your personally identifiable information (such as your address) changes, or if you no longer desire to access our Site, you may correct, update, delete or remove the personal data you have provided to us by making changes to your profile, by using an opt out message in an email, or by emailing webmaster@washingtonfootball.com with your request.
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or the privacy practices of this Site, you can contact: webmaster@washingtonfootball.com.
To change or modify information previously provided by you in the Washington Football Team Online Store, please click on the Shop tab and then choose "My Account" and update your information using the options on this page.
Advertising
Big left arrow icon
Big right arrow icon
Close icon
Copy Url
Three dots icon
Down arrow icon
Email icon
Email icon
Exit Fullscreen icon
External link icon
Facebook logo
Football icon
Facebook logo
Instagram logo
Snapchat logo
YouTube logo
TikTok logo
Spotify logo
LinkedIn logo
Grid icon
Key icon
Left arrow icon
Link icon
Location icon
Mail icon
Menu icon
Open icon
Phone icon
Play icon
Radio icon
Rewind icon
Right arrow icon
Search icon
Select icon
Selected icon
TV icon
Twitter logo
Twitter logo
Up arrow icon
User icon
Audio icon
Tickets iconAdd to calendar iconNFC icon
AFC icon
NFL icon
Carousel IconList ViewWebsite
InstagramTwitterFacebookSnapchatShop IconProfile Overlay
AvatarAddAirplayArrow LeftArrow RightArrow UpArrow DownAudioBack 5sBack 10sBack 30sCalendarChartCheckDownLeftRightUpChromecast OffChromecast OnCloseClosed CaptionsBench OffBench OnBroad OffBroad OnVertical OffVertical OnCommentDockDoneDownloadDraftFantasyFilterForward 5sForward 10sForward 30sFull Screen OffFull Screen OnGamepassGamesInsightsKeyLeaveLiveCombineDraftFantasyMenu GamesMenu NetworkMenu NewsMenu PlayoffsMenu Pro BowlMenu ShopMenu StandingsMenu StatsMenu Super BowlMenu TeamsMenu TicketsMenuMore HorizontalMore VerticalMy LocationNetworkNewsPauseplayMultiple PlayersSingle PlayerPlaylistPlayoffsPro BowlPurgeRefreshRemoveReplaySearchSettingsShare AndroidShare Copy URLShare EmailShare FacebookShare InstagramShare iOSShare SnapchatShare TwitterSkip NextSkip PreviousStandingsStarStatsSwapTeamsTicketsVideoVisibility OffVisibility OnVolume HiVolume LowVolume MediumVolume MuteWarningWebsite
Caret downCaret upAt
The browser you are using is no longer supported on this site. It is highly recommended that you use the latest versions of a supported browser in order to receive an optimal viewing experience. The following browsers are supported: Chrome, Edge (v80 and later), Firefox and Safari.
Got it!