http://www.flair.uk.com/our-privacy-policy/
Our Privacy Policy
First Thought Equine Ltd Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This policy sets out the basis on which the personal data collected from you, or that you provide to us will be processed by us.
First Thought Equine Ltd
First Thought Equine Ltd is a company registered in England and Wales with the company registration number 3186860 and our place of business is at:
Chalky House,
Little Duskin Farm
Covet Lane, Kingston
Canterbury
Kent CT4 6JS
First Thought Equine manufactures saddles which are sold either
Mainly to retailers and fitters not employed by the company, and whom then sell and fit the saddle for the private individual. Or,
As direct saddle sales direct to those people who live locally to the company head office – in the Kent, East Sussex, South Essex areas of the UK.
The company also manufactures and sells small associated items via an online web shop found on the front page of wowsaddles.com. Customers buying online are dealing direct with First Thought Equine.
PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED FROM YOU
The personal data (known as “Your personal data”) which we collect from you are set out as follows:
Your name, title and if relevant job title
Your invoice address,
Your delivery address, if different,
Your email address,
Your telephone number.
Information on your horse’s fitting – only if the company has been directly involved as a direct sale
USE MADE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We will use Your Personal Data that you provide to us:
To enable us to fulfil your orders and to provide the services relevant to you;
To contact you regarding the fulfilment of orders and thereafter should we need to update you regarding the product you have purchased- ie product recalls or as part of the service offered to direct saddle sale clients in the local area.
We may periodically send emails about new services or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone or mail.
To send you updates when news items are added to the site (if you have subscribed to that service)
RETENTION OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA AND SECURITY
We are committed to ensure your information is secure and have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safe guard the information we collect via our contact with you online or in person, to ensure that any personal data are kept secure.
The Personal data is kept for a period of 6 years as required by HMRC for administration records.
Saddle fitting records such as horse template with some personal information on them are kept for 12 years due to the Consumer Rights Act October 2015.
Should you advise us that your personal data has changed we update this personal data within seven (7) working days of any new or updated personal data being provided to us, to ensure that the personal data we hold about you is as accurate and up to date as possible.
YOUR RIGHTS
You are entitled to ask for a copy of any personal data that we hold about you and to have any inaccuracies in your personal data corrected. If you wish to contact us for these purposes, please email us on sales@wowsaddles.com.
We are unable to process an order if you are not prepared for us to hold your personal data as it is being used for the purpose of supplying goods or a service and such goods and service are related to your safety when being used with horses.
Whilst currently our website does not contain links to and from the websites of third parties, we urge caution if following a link be supplied on third party hosted sites such as facebook . If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to such websites.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We do not disclose or share Your Personal Data provided in the course of purchasing from the company, to any third party
Personal Information supplied by you whilst participating in research is not disclosed to third parties and only the results in general will be published or shared.
We may however, disclose Your Personal Data to third parties in the event that:
we sell the business in which case we may disclose Your Personal Data to the prospective buyer of the business only.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share Your Personal Data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our Terms and Conditionsand other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of First Thought Equine Ltd, our customers, or third parties. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection.
COOKIES AND IP ADDRESSES
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies log your IP address, a unique identifier for your computer or other access device. They also allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes.
We also use cookies to ensure the contact form works correctly.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not and ensuring certain features work correctly. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Any changes we may make to this Privacy Policy document in the future will be posted on this page .
CONTACT DETAILS
In Writing:
First Thought Equine Ltd
Chalky House,
Little Duskin Farm
Covet Lane, Kingston
Canterbury
Kent CT4 6JS
By telephone:
Tel: 0044 (0)1227 831614
By Email:
sales@wowsaddles.com
Facebook
Facebook and facebook messenger are not used as means of contact.