http://www.derehamotters.org.uk/privacy-policy
Home
Club Info
Join the Dereham Otters
Members Area
Membership Fees
Policies & Guidelines
Code of Ethics and Conduct
Swimmark – formerly Swim 21
Handling of Internal Club Disputes
Club Equity Policy Statement
Succession Planning
Swimmers Performance Policy
Volunteers recruitment policy
Appraisal Guidelines
Induction
Media Relations
Links
Otters club constitution
Dereham Otters Committee
Coaches
Swimmers
Squad Timetable
Code of Conduct
Gala Information
Hints & Tips
Competitive Performance Awards
Welfare
Fixtures
Fundraising
Volunteer
Links
You are here:
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Notice
Dereham & District Amateur Swimming Club (DDASC) is an ASA affiliated club and is accredited by Swim Mark (Swim England). When you join as a member of the club we will collect and process personal information about you.
We understand the importance of looking after personal information that you provide and this notice sets out what personal information we collect, why we need to collect it, when we will use it and how long we will store it for.
How we will use your personal information
We will process your information insofar as is necessary for the Club to provide you with competitive swim training and entry to competition. This will involve using your personal information to provide you information related to training, gala entry and other club related events. You can choose how to receive these service communications by email, SMS or post. Please contact a committee member if you would like to change how you receive service communications.
What personal information do we collect?
Why do we Collect it?
Name
So that we can identify you and personalise our communication with you.
Date of Birth
So that we can enter you into competitions and process results, awards and records accurately
Medical Conditions
So that we can ensure coaches are made aware of any special requirements in order to adapt training/competition
Address
So that we can identify you and if required send correspondence and information about the club directly to you
Email address
So that we can contact you and send correspondence about the club
Mobile Number
So that we can contact you and send correspondence about the club So that we can contact you in the event of an emergency
Phone number
So that we can contact you
Please remember to let the club membership secretary know if any of the above information changes as soon as possible so that we have up to date records. We will ask members to confirm your records are up to date on renewal of membership in January of each year.
Data retention
We will keep your personal information for as long as you are a member of DDASC.
Sharing your information
We are required to share your Personal information in certain circumstances to ensure that we can provide competitive swim training and entry to competitions. In each case we will only share the data necessary for the purpose and it will only be in relation to the specified purpose. Each third party is required to have in place comparable data security measures and to be fully compliant with the terms of the General Data Protection Regulations.
Who do we share information with?
What information do we share?
Why do we share this information?
The Amateur Swimming Association/Swim England
Name, DOB
Registration/membership/insurance
Other ASA affiliated swimming clubs
Name, DOB, ASA membership number
Competition entry
DDASC Committee
Name, email, Mobile number
So that we can provide administrative services
DDASC Coaches
Name, email, medical conditions, Mobile number
So that we can contact you in the event of an emergency and are aware of any special requirements during training and competition
Save as set out above, we will not sell, lease or transfer your personal information to any other person or company without your prior consent.
Keeping Data Safe
We recognise the importance of keeping your personal information safe and we have in place security measures and policies to prevent personal data from being lost, used or accessed without our permission. We limit access to your personal information to those who have a genuine need to know. Those possessing your information will do so only in a authorised manner and are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We will notify you and any applicable regulator of a suspected data security breach where we are legally required to do so.
Your rights
The GDPR grants all data subjects the following rights without charge. These include the rights to:
Fair processing of information and transparency over how we use your information.
Access your personal information and to certain other supplementary information that this privacy policy is already designed to address.
Require us to correct any mistakes in your information which we hold.
Require the erasure of personal information concerning you in certain situations.
Receive the personal information concerning you which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format and have the right to transmit those data to third party in certain situations
Object at any time to processing of personal information concerning you for direct marketing.
Object to decisions being taken by automated means which produce legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affect you.
Object in certain situations to our continued processing of your personal information
Otherwise restrict our processing of your personal information in certain circumstances
For further information on each of those rights, including the circumstances in which they apply, see the guidance from the UK information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) on individuals’ rights under the GDPR
If you would like to exercise any of your rights please contact DDASC membership secretary .
We will keep our privacy policy under regular review. This policy was last update on 2nd May 2018.
How to contact us:
Please contact us if you have any questions about our privacy policy or the information we hold about you by email:  miles.ogden@derehamotters.org.uk
Copyright 2014 Dereham Otters. All Rights Reserved :: Site by
Logic Red Web Design
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Reject Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy