http://www.rockleighequestriancentre.com/privacy-policy
Home
Home
Your Ride
Our Farm
Our Staff
Privacy Policy
For Adults
For Teens
For Kids
Leasing
Boarding
News & Events
Contact
Menu
Privacy PolicyThis privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for www.rockleighequestriancentre.com.This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.Information Collection, Use and SharingWe are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request.Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.Your Access to and Control Over InformationYou may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:See what data we have about you, if any.Change/correct any data we have about you.Have us delete any data we have about you.Express any concern you have about our use of your data.SecurityWe take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.CookiesWe use "cookies" on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor's hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.UpdatesOur Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page.If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at (201) 768-9745 or BarnManager@REQCentre.com.All photographs appearing on this site are the property of Rockleigh Equestrian Centre. They are protected by U.S. Copyright Laws, and are not to be downloaded or reproduced in any way without the written permission of Rockleigh Equestrian Centre. To contact us please call us at (201) 768-9745, or complete the form below.
Name
*
First Name
Last Name
Email Address
*
Subject
*
Message
*
Thank you!