https://www.athletics.africa/about-us/terms-and-conditions
About us
Our Offices
Our Team
Careers
Privacy and Cookie Policy
Terms and Conditions
Sitemap
Archives
Archives (2011-2013)
Archives (2007-2011)
Archives (2004 -2007)
Durban 2016
Bydgoszcz 2016
Rio Olympics 2016
Kampala 2017
Nairobi 2017
London 2017
Advertise
Contact
Related Links and Organisations
Follow us
Home
/
About us
/
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Welcome to Athletics Africa website.
Your continued browsing and use of  this website hereon implies that you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern AthleticsAfrica.com/YSMedia Ltd's relationship with you in relation to this website.
The term "AthleticsAfrica / YSMedia Ltd" or "us" or "we" refers to the owners of the website. The term "you" refers to the user or viewer of our website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
All trade marks reproduced in this website which are not the property of, or licensed to us are acknowledged on the website.
Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
Copyrights
All contents on this site (texts, graphics, images, videos, files and documents) are subject to copyrights and are thus protected by international law.
All contents on this site, unless otherwise stated, are produced by the site's editors and freelancers.
The permission of AthleticsAfrica.com or Yomog Sports Media (YSMedia Ltd) Group must be obtained at all times for any use of material on this site.
All content, including articles, graphics, and site information, may not be copied, reproduced, modified, rewritten, or republished in any form, written or electronic, without permission.
For permissions to use our content, please contact us.
Disclaimers
Athletics Africa and YSMedia Ltd are not responsible for the content of external websites. These links are provided for your convenience/references to provide further information. The inclusion of a link does not imply our endorsement of such website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
The opinions of contributors to this website are included for general information purposes and do not necessarily represent the views of Athletics-Africa.com or Yomog Sports Media (YSMedia Ltd) Group or any other establishment.
Choose Your Language
FR
AF
AR
EN
DE
SW
YO
advertisement
Recent Posts
November 25, 2019
Blessing Okagbare (Nigeria) is the 2014 Commonwealth Games Champion
November 23, 2019
Kipchoge and Muhammad named World Athletes of the Year
November 23, 2019
World Athletics Continental Tour to launch in 2020
November 21, 2019
Dubai to kick off 2020 World Para Athletics Grand Prix
November 15, 2019
Label race scheme to fund anti-doping efforts in 2020
IAAF World Championships – Oregon 2022
advertisement
Galleria
Photo Gallery: Asaba 2018 - African tour opens new Stephen Keshi stadium
July 18, 2018
Galleria
In Pictures: African athletes at 2014 World Athletics Gala
November 25, 2014
Galleria
In Pictures: Blessing Okagbare weds Igho Otegheri in Sapele
November 8, 2014
Video
WATCH: Carina Horn breaks SA 100m Women record
March 16, 2018
Galleria
In Pictures: African athletes at Rio 2016 Olympic Games – Day 4 and 5
August 19, 2016
Upcoming Events
Latest Results
Get our Magazine App
Close
Click to access the login or register cheese
Add AthleticsAfrica to your Homescreen!Add
We use cookies to improve your experience on our site, to provide social media features and analyse our traffic, and to show you relevant advertising from our ads partners.
To find out more, read our updated Privacy policy and Cookie policy. More Information...Accept Cookies and Continue ...