https://www.runningfree.com/helpdesk/ordering/#5peaks
Close
. This is typically within 5-7 days or less, although it can take a little longer under certain circumstances. If for some reason a Ships in 5-7 days
item is not available, you will be notified immediately via email and we will await your instructions before shipping.
IMPORTANT: If you are purchasing In Stock and Ships in 5-7 days items in the same order, your order will be held and shipped when all items are available.
If you prefer to have your In Stock items shipped immediately, and Ships in 5-7 Days items shipped separately when they arrive, please place separate orders for the items you want immediately, and the items that are not in stock.
Out of Stock Items (Special Orders)
Stock Status
If a product's status is shown as Out of Stock we do not have that product in stock. You may submit an order for an Out of Stock item and we will try and restock it for you. If you do not see the Out of Stock option available for an item, that item cannot be restocked. If available from our suppliers, special orders usually arrive at our location within 2-3 weeks. We will not charge your credit card until the item has actually been shipped to you. If we are unable to get a product you've ordered we will notify you as soon as possible.
*NOTE: Coupons, discounts, and other special offers are not applicable on Out of Stock items and will be removed from items that need to be special ordered.
IMPORTANT: If you are purchasing In Stock and Out of Stock items in the same order, your order will be held until all items are available.
If you prefer to have your In Stock items shipped immediately, and Out of Stock items shipped seperately when they arrive, please place seperate orders for the items you want immediately, and the items that are not in stock.
payment
customer service | ordering
Back to Previous Page
When shopping at RunningFree.com, you have the option of paying with your Visa, Mastercard, or with a credit balance you have on your RunningFree.com account. Running Free Gift Cards are accepted as a method of payment online. You will find instructions during checkout to provide us with the Gift Card details for payment.
When using a Credit Card you will be required to enter your:
Card Number
Expiry Date
CVD 3 Digit Security Code (found on the back of the card)
Cardholder name
Billing address (the address shown on your credit card statement)
If the CVD 3 digit security code you enter doesn't match, OR the billing address does not precisely match the card holder address, your order will not be processed. Please take care to enter the correct informtation to avoid delays or your order being cancelled.
Accepted at RunningFree.com
Important!
If you choose to have your order shipped to an address other than your billing address, your order may be delayed while we perform further verification checks. Our apologies but this unfourtunate step is necessary to prevent credit card fraud.
Credit Card Pre-Authorizations:
When you submit your order, your credit card is not immediately charged. Instead, a Pre-Authorization is performed in the amount of your order. A pre-authorization checks the validity of the card, and the available funds. Although a Pre-Auth is not a charge, it does take up room on your available credit like a charge would. If you cancel your order, the Pre-Auth is cancelled and should disappear within a few days. This depends on how quickly your bank prcoesses the cancellation. When your order is processed for shipping, we capture the full amount of the original order, then immediately refund any items that were not in stock.
Using a credit balance on your RunningFree.com account:
If you have a credit on your online account, that credit amount will automatically be applied to your next order on checkout. The remainder will be billed to your chosen method of payment. You can check your RunningFree.com account balance anytime by logging in and going to the Account Overview area.
Running Free Gift Card:
You may redeem Running Free Gift Cards for your online order. Please enter the complete Gift Card number and the Access Code/Ackroo ID (as applicable) in the Order Notes field during checkout. When your order is submitted we will redeem your gift card and refund the balance paid by gift card back to your credit card. Even if the gift card balance covers the entire transaction amount, a credit card must still be entered but will be completely refunded when the order is processed. We are currently working to improve this process and hope to have a more streamlined entry method in the near future. We apologize for the inconvenience.
We do not accept payment via any other method at this time.
Your Privacy is important to us! Find out how we protect your personal information and ensure our site is safe and secure.
taxes
customer service | ordering
Back to Previous Page
We collect and remit all federal and provincial sales tax for all provinces. Taxes are calculated based on the province where your order is being shipped to. If you beleive your province has a tax exemption on an item, please contact us directly and reference the specific tax document where the exemption is explained in detail. We will review the information and if an exemption is valid, we will manually refund the amount. As exemptions vary considerably across the country and can change frequently, our site is not capable of handling them automatically.
processing
customer service | ordering
Back to Previous Page
We will work very hard to get your order to you as quickly as we can. All In Stock orders are picked, processed, and shipped very quickly, often within one business day.
If an In Stock item you ordered is unavailable, that item will be cancelled from your order and you will be notified via email as quickly as possible. If we are able to offer an alternative to you, we will let you know and hold your order until we hear back from you. If there is no alternative available we will process and ship your order on the next business day.
If your order contains Ships in 5-7 Days or Out of Stock items, your order will be picked and held for you until all items are available, at which time your complete order will be processed and shipped on the next business day. If an item is not available, we will notify you, cancel that item, and process and ship your order on the next business day.
What are business days?
The term business days means any weekday that is not a Canadian or Ontario civic holiday. Weekends are also not considered business days although our customer service staff is available on weekends to provide help if you need it!
order by phone
customer service | ordering
Back to Previous Page
We are happy to take your order over the phone if that is your preference. Phone orders can be placed by calling 416.410.3733. Please have the following information ready to help us assist you:
Stock ID numbers of the products you want (example: ID | 123456)
Sizes/Options you want
If you wish to apply a coupon please have the coupon code available
Visa or Mastercard
The billing address that matches the credit card you're using
The shipping address
If you want to place your order over the phone, check out our customer service hours of operation!
emails you will receive
customer service | ordering
Back to Previous Page
Safe Senders list
To avoid the possibility of emails concerning your order not arriving in your inbox, it's a good idea to add the following addresses to your "Safe Senders" or "Not Junk" list so that important emails are not accidentally marked as spam or blocked entirely by your email program or service.
You will receive emails concerning your order from these addresses:
shop@runningfree.com
donotreply@canadapost.postescanada.ca
Remember to check your Junk/Spam folder if you're missing an email about your order!
We know communication is a very important part of making a purchase online so below are the emails you may receive after you have placed your order.
Order Confirmation Email
You will receive this email shortly after you complete your order. It contains a summary of the items you ordered and their stock status, shipping method, billing/shipping addresses, and any special instructions you included.
Tracking Emails
You will also receive two to three tracking emails directly from Canada Post. These emails will provide you with access to all the shipping information available for your package. They are sent when your order is processed for shipping, picked up by Canada Post, and delivered to your shipping address. If there is a delay or error on Canada Post's side you may also receive notice of what happened and how your order will be affected.
Emails directly from one of our staff
If something you ordered is not available or we need to clarify some aspect of your order with you, you may receive an email from one of our friendly customer service staff.
Your email address will NOT be added to any mailing list when you place an order on our website unless you tick the box during checkout indicating you wish to receive occasional emails from us.
Important! Remember to add shop@runningfree.com to your "trusted" or "safe senders" list to avoid any important emails from being lost in your junk folder or accidentally deleted as spam.
Also see Website Terms of Use for more information
emails you will receive
customer service | ordering
Back to Previous Page
Safe Senders list
To avoid the possibility of emails concerning your order not arriving in your inbox, it's a good idea to add the following addresses to your "Safe Senders" or "Not Junk" list so that important emails are not accidentally marked as spam or blocked entirely by your email program or service.
You will receive emails concerning your order from these addresses:
shop@runningfree.com
donotreply@canadapost.postescanada.ca
Remember to check your Junk/Spam folder if you're missing an email about your order!
We know communication is a very important part of making a purchase online so below are the emails you may receive after you have placed your order.
Order Confirmation Email
You will receive this email shortly after you complete your order. It contains a summary of the items you ordered and their stock status, shipping method, billing/shipping addresses, and any special instructions you included.
Tracking Emails
You will also receive two to three tracking emails directly from Canada Post. These emails will provide you with access to all the shipping information available for your package. They are sent when your order is processed for shipping, picked up by Canada Post, and delivered to your shipping address. If there is a delay or error on Canada Post's side you may also receive notice of what happened and how your order will be affected.
Emails directly from one of our staff
If something you ordered is not available or we need to clarify some aspect of your order with you, you may receive an email from one of our friendly customer service staff.
Your email address will NOT be added to any mailing list when you place an order on our website unless you tick the box during checkout indicating you wish to receive occasional emails from us.
Important! Remember to add shop@runningfree.com to your "trusted" or "safe senders" list to avoid any important emails from being lost in your junk folder or accidentally deleted as spam.
Also see Website Terms of Use for more information
Five Peaks Virtual Race Series Race Kits
customer service | ordering
Back to Previous Page
If you have registered for a 5 Peaks Virtual 2020 Race Series, you can get your race kit from Runnng Free Markham and Orangeville locations, as well as have it included with your runningfree.com online order.
How to get your race kit
Pick-up with an online order.
Place an online order for Curbside Pick-Up and pick up your race kit at the same time. During checkout, enter in the Order Notes field: "Picking up 5 Peaks Race kit for (event and email address you registered with)". We'll have your race kit ready to pick-up with your order.
Ship with an online order
Race kits can be included with your online order and shipped anywhere in Canada. During checkout, enter in the Order Notes field: "Include 5 Peaks Race kit for (event and email address you registered with)", and we will ship your race kit with your order. Race kits cannot be shipped without an online order. There is no miniumum order value.
Pick-up without an order
No need to call in advance! Simply visit our Markham or Orangeville locations during normal Curbside Pick-Up operating hours. Call the store when you arrive and provide the email address you registered for the race(s) with to claim your race kit(s).
Appointments are not required to pick up a race kit.
UPDATE: If you place an online order for Curbside Pick-Up or Shipping, and request your race kit, we will include whatever swag is currently available for the races you have registered for. We cannot hold orders or items until all items are available. Multiple visits or orders are needed to get all items over the course of the season.
Approximate availability for race swag:
Race #1: June - 5 Peaks Duffel Bag
Race #2: July - 5 Peaks Pint Glass
Race #3: August - Altra Trucker Hat
Race #4: Sept - Altra Fandanna
Race #5: October - 5 Peaks Beanie
All Events: June - Hoodie
General Information
Contact Us
Ordering
Shipping
Returns
Terms Of Use
Privacy and Security
Find a Location
About Running Free
Employment
Recycle your Shoes
Running Workshops
News and Events
Wetsuit Rentals
Create an Account
Order History
My Wish List
Contact Us
Address Book
Shopping Cart
Team Running Free
Meet our Athletes
Re-Use Shoe Program
Mission Haiti
Join our Community
Accessibility
Resource Center
Race Reports
Gear Reviews
Training Articles
Featured Articles
Useful Resources
© Copyright Running Free Sports Inc. Get in touch with us anytime! Send questions or comments to shop@runningfree.com
View More
View More2
Shop by