http://www.badmintonindia.org/organization/terms/
Last Updated:
11 Dec, 2020 10:49 AM
The official website of Badminton Association of India
•
Facebook
Twitter
Share
Home
Organization
Mission & Vision
President Letter
Registration Certificate
Constitution
Executive Council
Affiliation With BWF
Office Bearers BAI
Roll of Honor
Selection Procedure
Member Selection»
Junior
Senior
BAI Magazine»
Vol.1 Issue V Jan-Mar 2013
Vol.1 Issue IV 2012
Vol.1 Issue III 2012
Vol.1 Issue II 2012
Vol.1 Issue I 2012
Election Procedure
Regulations»
BAI Disciplinary Regulations
BWF Tournament Regulations»
BWF - Code of Conduct For Coaches/Team/TO
Letter - LAWS OF BADMINTON – CHANGES & ADDITIONS TO LAWS & REGULATIONS
Player's Guide-Instant Review System
BWF - Guidelines for Players
BWF - Offences and Penalities
BWF - Players Code of Conduct
Updated BWF Regulations - Amendments to the Code of Conduct in Relation to Betting, Wagering and Irregular Match Results (General Competition Regulations – Appendix 5)
COMPITITION REGULATIONS & MAJOR CHANGES IN BAI DOMESTIC TOURNAMENTS DURING THE YEAR 2016-2017
Affiliated Organizations
Balance Sheet»
FY 2017-18
FY 2016-17
FY 2015-16
History
News
News & Updates
Global Headlines
Press Releases
Events
ACTC - Annual Calender for Training and Competition»
Details of International Competition Organised in India
List of Core Group
National Coaching Camp
Participation in International Event - Seniors
Participation in International Event - Juniors
BAI Calendar
BAC Calendar
BWF Calendar
Domestic Tournaments
International Tournaments
RIO 2016
Results
Standard Formats
Technical Officials
Players
Players Notices»
SAI - AGE ESTIMATION TEST
AGE FRAUD NOTICE
Change of Address for Issuing New BAI Player ID
BWF ID Form
BAI-ID of Players
BWF-ID of Indian Players
BAI Ranking of Players
Players Profile»
Men's Singles
Men's Doubles
Women's Singles
Women's Doubles
Mix Doubles
Procedure for Acquiring BAI-ID
Awardees»
Arjuna Award
Dronacharya Award
Padma Awards
Rajiv Gandhi Khel Ratna Award
BWF - Meritorious Service Award
BWF - Certificate of Commendation Award
Sharma Award
George Lewis Cup
National Winner»
List of National Championship Winners since 1934
National Winners
All England Badminton Champions (India)
RTI
Photos
Videos
Para Badminton
Anti Doping
World Anti-doping Agency (WADA)
WADA Education and Awareness
Prohibited List and Methods 2018 (WADA)
ADAMS and Whereabouts
BWF Anti-Doping Regulations
Contact Us
Search Results:
Close
BadmintonIndia>organization>terms
Organization
Overview
President's Letter
Mission and Vision
Constitution
Structure
Executive Council
Election Procedure
Affiliated Organizations
Rules and Regulations
BWF Tournament Regulations
BWF - Code of Conduct For Coaches/Team/TO
BWF - Guidelines for Players
BWF - Offences and Penalities
BWF - Players Code of Conduct
BAI Tournament Regulations
Disciplinary Regulations (under revision)
History
Copyright
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
TERMS OF USE
This website is owned and operated by the Badminton Association of India ("BAI"). Please read these terms and conditions carefully, as by accessing this site you are agreeing to abide by all of the conditions set out below. The BAI reserves the right to modify, alter or update these terms and conditions at any time and you agree to be bound by such modifications, alterations and updates. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please discontinue using this website immediately.
Website Content
All materials, including illustrations, photographs, products, images, artwork, designs, text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio and video clips and software (collectively, "Content") appearing on this website are owned or controlled by the BAI and/or its subsidiaries, affiliates and content suppliers and are protected by worldwide design, trademark, trade dress, copyright and other intellectual property laws. The Content of this website, and the website as a whole, are intended solely for personal use by the users of this website. You may not copy Content from this website, or otherwise modify, obscure or delete any copyright or other propriety notices on this website. No right, title or interest in any materials or software, if applicable, on this website is transferred to you from your use of this website. You may not reproduce, publish, transmit, distribute, display, modify, create derivative works from, sell or participate in any sale of, or exploit in any way, in whole or in part, any of the Content, this website, or any related software without the prior written authorization of the BAI.
Contributed Content
This website may contain views/ideas/opinions expressed by independent authors/contributors/posters on various topics. Such views/ideas/opinions are solely those of the authors/contributors/posters and not endorsed in any manner by the BAI. The BAI shall not be responsible for or liable in any manner whatsoever for the views/ideas/opinions expressed by such authors/contributors/posters in any section of this website. Further, the accuracy of such statements has not been verified by the BAI and the BAI provides no warranties of the same. If you seek to rely on any representation of information contained on this website, any such reliance shall be at your own risk.
Ownership of Intellectual Property
All trademarks, service marks and trade names on this website, are proprietary to the BAI unless otherwise stated. No use of these may be made for any purpose whatsoever without the prior written authorization of the BAI.
Warranty and Liability Disclaimer
This website and the Content herein is provided by the BAI in good faith on an "as is", "as available" basis and the BAI does not guarantee the accuracy, timeliness, completeness, performance or fitness for a particular purpose of this website. Further, the BAI makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of this website, the information, the Content, materials or products included herein or hereon. Except to the extent as provided by the applicable law, the BAI disclaims all responsibility (whether direct, indirect, consequential or otherwise) with respect to the accuracy or otherwise of the information, Content, materials or products arising from the use of this website.
Accuracy of Information
The information presented on this website has been compiled by the BAI from various sources including from external sources. No representation is made or warranty given as to the completeness or accuracy of such information. This website may contain typographical errors, incomplete or out of date information. The BAI reserves the right to make changes to the Content and information on this website, or to the services described therein, or update such information at any time without notice, but the BAI makes no commitment to correct or update this information.
Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold the BAI harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, costs and expenses, including attorney's fees, arising from or related to your use of this website, your access to, or inability to access this website, or from your reliance upon any information contained on this website.
Termination
BAI may immediately, without notice, deny you access to this website if, in BAI's opinion, you fail to comply with any term or provision of the terms and conditions set forth herein.
Infringement of Copyright
In good faith, if you have reason to believe that any work copyrighted by you has been reproduced, embedded, or linked without any authorization on this website in a manner that constitutes an infringement of your copyright under Indian law, please compile the following information and email it to contact@badmintonindia.org
Applicable Law
This website, including the Content and information contained herein, shall be governed by the laws of the Republic of India and the courts of New Delhi, India shall retain exclusive jurisdiction to entertain any proceedings in relation to any disputes arising out of the same. As such, the laws of India shall govern the disclaimer, legal notices, privacy policy, order form and any transaction completed using this website.
Contact Us
Communication Addresses
BAI Head Office,
Badminton Association of India,
D-6/10, Vasant Vihar,New Delhi - 110 057
(INDIA)
Tel: +91-11-41450524 (O)
SH. AJAY KUMAR SINGHANIA,
Badminton Association of India,
D-6/10, Vasant Vihar,New Delhi - 110 057
(INDIA)
Tel:      +91-11-41450525 (O)
Email: ajaysinghania003@gmail.com
Dr. ANBUMANI RAMADOSS
MEMBER OF PARLIAMENT,
HONY. TREASURER
10 THILAK STREET, T NAGAR,
CHENNAI- 600017
Email: presidenttnba@gmail.com
Disclaimer: The BAI Web Site contains information and material compiled for reference only.
Information on this web site is provided solely for the user’s information and, while due
care has been taken to make it accurate, it is provided without guarantee of any kind,
either expressed or implied. BAI will not be liable for any legal action/ damages, direct
or indirect, arising from the use of this web site. BAI reserves the right to make changes
in this material at any time without notice.
VISITORS
BAI Megazine
©2013 Badminton Association of India | All Rights Reserved |
Page generated in 0.02056 seconds.
| Website designed and developed by MelonSys Solutions