http://www.markwebber.com/privacy-policy/
The official website of Mark Webber
Home
News & Events
My Story
TV
Speaking & Appearances
Privacy Policy
This website, www.markwebber.com (the “Website”), is operated by WMSM Limited of Rookery House, London Road, Aston Clinton, Bucks, HP22 5HG, UK, which is registered in England and Wales with registered company number 08537034. In this Privacy Policy references to “we”, “us”, “our”, are references to WMSM Ltd.
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING BEFORE USING THE SITE OR OTHER SERVICES THAT WE PROVIDE. BY ACCESSING OR USING OUR WEBSITE OR OUR SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
We respect your privacy and are committed to looking after your personal data. We adhere to the requirements of the UK Data Protection Act 1998.
This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, use and look after the information you provide to us.
Your use of this Website signifies your consent to our collecting and using personal information about you in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Information We Collect
We will collect and process the following information and data about you:
Information you give us
This is information about you that you give us by filling in web forms on our Website or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. It includes information you provide when you register to use the Website, subscribe to any service we offer such as our Mark Webber newsfeed or when you report a problem with our Website. On occasion we may ask you to submit your details for a particular promotion or competition or we may in future offer a shop facility or offer a limited number of items for sale.
Some examples of the personal information we may collect are:
your name, address, email and phone number (or other contact information);
your age, gender, preferences, likes and other demographic information;
payment details (we do not currently offer goods or services for sale but we anticipate this may be added in future);
any information you submit in connection with a feature, program, competition or promotion and other data to help us provide you with improved products and services.
Information we may collect from you
Our Website typically collects information that does not personally identify you, but that we automatically collect when you visit our Website or that you provide.
Whether or not you provide this information is your choice; however, in many instances this type of information is required to participate in an activity, realise a benefit offered, or gain access to content on our Website. We may also collect non-personally identifiable information, for example: • details of your domain name and Internet Protocol (IP) address;
your web browser, your computer operating system;
cookie details;
details of websites you were on directly before you visited our Website;
search terms you use on our Website, the pages you visit and the duration of your visit(s).
How We Use & Share The Information Collected
We generally use the information you provide to understand what you need from us. The personal information you submit is used to:
tell you about current and future events, products and/or services which are likely to be of interest to you;
provide information about Mark Webber to you;
enable you to make bookings for events;
make this Website more relevant to your interests and tell you about improvements which are likely to be of interest to you;
review the use which visitors make of our Website;
reply to your questions;
protect the Website security;
carry out your requests, fulfil any contracts we have entered into with you and respond to your enquiries;
contact you in relation to any services or products you may have requested or competitions and or promotions you may have entered;
provide you with promotional information about our other products
or events or those of our parent company, subsidiaries or other affiliated companies or business partners (“Affiliated Companies”)
We will disclose your personal information to third parties:
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we will disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
If WMSM Limited or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of WMSM Limited, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection.
You may opt-out at any time from receiving promotional information from us or our Affiliated Companies, or direct that we not share your information with any Affiliated Companies (please see the information on how to do this in the section entitled “Contact & Opt-Out Information“ below). We may share your personal information with our third party vendors or other partners or contractors performing functions on our behalf or on behalf of our Affiliated Companies. They will use this information on our behalf in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Unless we specifically tell you otherwise in this Privacy Policy or when you submit the information, your personal information won’t be shared with companies other than WMSM Ltd and its Affiliated Companies for marketing purposes without your consent.
We may share information (including yours) with advertisers and advertising networks that require the data to select and serve relevant adverts to you and others. We do not disclose information about identifiable individuals to our advertisers, but we will provide them with aggregate information about our users. We may also use such aggregate information to help advertisers reach the kind of audience they want to target. We may make use of the personal data we have collected from you to enable us to comply with our advertisers’ wishes by displaying their advertisement to that target audience.
We use non-personal information in a variety of ways including to:
analyse site traffic;
understand customer needs and trends;
carry out targeted promotional activities;
generally improve our services.
We may share your non-personal information with our Affiliated Companies and third parties to achieve these objectives and others.
Cookies
We use cookies to allow us to gather information about how we can improve the Website. More information on how we use these cookies and how to change your cookies settings can be found in our Cookies Statement.
How We Protect Your Information
We have implemented security measures we consider reasonable and appropriate to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Your information is stored by us on a secure server so that it can only be read by authorised personnel. Unfortunately the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we strive to protect your personal information and privacy, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you disclose or transmit to us online.
Children
In submitting personal data, you warrant that you are not less than eighteen years of age or are at least thirteen and have the consent of your parent / guardian beforehand. We do not intend to collect any personal data from individuals under eighteen years of age, unless a child is at least thirteen and obtains the consent of their parent / guardian. Where appropriate, we will specifically instruct children not to submit such information on our website and/or will take reasonable steps to ensure parental consent to such submission.
Emergency Disclosure
We always reserve the right to disclose any personally identifiable or non-personally identifiable information about you if we are required to do so by law, to fulfil a government request, to protect or defend our (or other user’s) legal rights or property or in an emergency to protect the safety of our Website’s users or the general public.
Public Forums
We may offer chat rooms, blogs, message boards, bulletin boards, or similar public forums where you and other users of our Website can communicate. The protections described in this Privacy Policy do not apply when you provide information (including personal information) in connection with your use of these public forums. Any information you share in a public forum is public information and may be seen or collected by anyone, including third parties that do not adhere to our Privacy Policy. We are not responsible for events or consequences arising from the distribution of any information you choose to publicly post or share through our Website.
The use of any of our interactive services by a minor is subject to the consent of their parent or guardian. We advise parents who permit their children to use an interactive service that it is important that they communicate with their children about their safety online, as moderation is not foolproof. Minors who are using any interactive service should be made aware of the potential risks to them.
Where we do moderate an interactive service, we will normally provide you with a means of contacting the moderator, should a concern or difficulty arise.
Other Sites/Links
Our Website may link to or contain links to other third party websites that we do not control or maintain. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of third party websites.
Contact & Opt-Out Information
You’re welcome to contact us if you wish to make corrections to any personal information you’ve provided to us or if you want to opt-out from receiving future commercial correspondence (including emails) from us or wish to withdraw consent to sharing your personal information with others. Please let us know by clicking the ‘unsubscribe’ link at the bottom of our email or by emailing bookmark@markwebber.com. Please include your name and email address within any correspondence, so we can easily identify you.
Changes
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page. Please ensure you check regularly for any changes or updates to our policy.
© Copyright 2020. All rights reserved.
Privacy | Terms & Conditions
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. Read about how we use cookies and how you can control them by clicking "Cookie Settings."
If you continue to use this site, you consent to our use of cookies.OKCookie Settings