http://www.porsche-tennis.com/prod/pag/tennis.nsf/web/english-privacy
Porsche uses cookies to optimise and improve the website, as well as enable the availability of certain functions. By continuing to use this website, you agree to our use of cookies. For further information on how we use cookies, please click here.
Skip to main content
We, Dr. Ing. h.c. F. Porsche AG (hereafter "we" or "Porsche AG"), appreciate your visit to our Porsche Tennis Website as well as your interest in our company and our products. Your privacy is extremely important to us. We therefore take the protection of your personal details very seriously, and treat them in strictest confidence. Your personal data is processed only within the scope of the legal provisions of the EU's data protection law, in particular the General Data Protection Regulation (hereafter "GDPR").
In this privacy policy we provide you with information about the processing of your personal data and your rights as a data subject within the scope of the use of the Porsche Tennis Website. For information on other products and services offered by other companies in the Porsche Group, please consult the respective privacy policy for these services or Porsche companies.
1. Controller and data protection officer for data processing; contact
Controller for data processing within the meaning of the data protection legislation is:
Dr. Ing. h.c. F. Porsche AG
Porscheplatz 1
70435 Stuttgart
Germany
Tel: (+49) 0711 911-0
Please do not hesitate to contact us if you have questions or ideas relating to data protection.
ou can contact our data protection officers at the following address:
Dr. Ing. h.c. F. Porsche AG
Data Protection Officer
Porscheplatz 1
70435 Stuttgart
Germany
Contact: https://www.porsche.com/germany/privacy/contact
2. Subject matter of data protection
The subject matter of data protection is personal data. This is all the information that relates to an identified or identifiable natural person (known in the legislation as the data subject). This covers, for example, information such as name, postal address, e-mail address, or telephone number as well as information that necessarily originates from the use of the Porsche Tennis Website, such as details about the start, end, and scope of use, and the communication of your IP address.
3. Type, scope, purpose and legal basis of automated data processing
In general, it is possible to use the Porsche Tennis Website without registering. Even if you use the Porsche Tennis Website without registering, personal data can still be processed.
An overview of the type, scope, purposes of, and legal bases for automated data processing via the Porsche Tennis Website is provided below.
3.1		 Provision of Porsche Tennis Website
When accessing the Porsche Tennis Website through your device, we process the following data:
date and time of access,
duration of the visit,
ser devices,
used operating system,
the features you use
amount of sent data,
type of event,
IP adress,
referrer URL,
domain name
We process this data on the basis of Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR to provide the service, to ensure the technical operation, and to identify and rectify faults. In this way, we pursue the interest of facilitating and ensuring the long-term use of our website and its technical functional capability. When our website is selected, this data is automatically processed. You cannot use our website unless this data is provided. We do not use this data for the purpose of drawing conclusions about you or your identity.
These data are processed on the basis of Article 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR to provide the service, to ensure the technical operation and to detect and eliminate interference. We are pursuing the interest of enabling and permanently securing the use of the Porsche Tennis Website and its technical functionality. When the Porsche Tennis Website is accessed, this data is processed automatically. Without this provision, you will not be able to use our services. We do not use this data for the purpose of drawing any conclusions about you or your identity.
3.2 Cookies
When you visit the Porsche Tennis Website, "cookies", which are small files, may be stored on your device in order to provide you with a comprehensive scope of functions, make it easier to use our service, and optimize our offerings. If you do not wish to allow the use of cookies, you can prevent them from being stored on your device by configuring the relevant settings in your Internet browser or using the specific opt-out options. Please note that the functional capability and functional scope of our offering could be restricted as a result. Please refer to our Cookie Policy for details on the type, scope, purposes of, legal basis for, and opt-out options for data processing in relation to cookies.
4. Individual services and offers
You may voluntarily provide personal information on our website in several places or register for services or functions, e.g. through webshops, newsletter subscriptions, information requests, contact requests, etc. When registering and using the services and features described below, personal information will be collected, processed and used by us as set out below.
4.1 		 Newsletter
4.1.1 Registration Process
For the access of our restricted Club areas and the reception of our newsletter, a registration with an individual profile is required.
(a) Mandatory data at registration
When registering for the newsletter, the following compulsory information marked with a "*" is requested:
Salutation, first name, last name, e-mail
Without the specification of this mandatory data registration is not possible.
(b) Voluntary data at registration
As part of your registration, you also have the opportunity to provide other voluntary information: academic title. Please note that this information is not required for registration and you alone decide whether you want to provide us with this data.
We process the data collected on the basis of Article 6 (1) (b) and (f) GDPR in order to access of our restricted Club areas and the reception of our newsletter.
4.1.2 Use of the newsletter
When using the newsletter, the following categories of personal data are processed:
Contact information, see point 4.1.1
We process this data on the basis of Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR in order to provide you with the services you require in this context and to conduct the associated contractual relationship with you.
The sending of the newsletter are taken over by the following third party. This will get access to your data in this context:
sirius-net GmbH
Marienstraﬂe 43
70178 Stuttgart
5. Recipient of personal data
Internal recipients: Within Porsche AG, the only people who have access are those who need it for the purposes named.
External recipients: We only forward your personal data to external recipients outside Porsche AG if this is necessary for the administering or processing of your issue, if another legal authorization exists, or if we have your consent to forward the data.
External recipients can be:
a) Processors
Group companies in Porsche AG or external service providers that we use to provide services, for example in the areas of technical infrastructure and maintenance for the Porsche AG offering or the provision of content. We carefully select and regularly inspect these processors to make sure that your privacy is protected. The service providers may use the data only for the purposes we have specified and in accordance with our instructions.
b) Public bodies
Authorities and public institutions, such as public prosecutors, courts, or financial authorities to which we must transfer personal data for legal reasons. The data is transferred on the basis of Article 6 (1) (c) GDPR.
c) Private bodies
Porsche dealers and service companies, cooperation partners, service providers or persons to whom the data is transferred on the basis of consent, to execute a contract with you or to safeguard legitimate interests, for example, other Porsche Dealerships and Porsche Service Centers, financing banks, providers of other services or transport service providers. The data is transferred on the basis of Article 6 (1) (a), (b) and/or (f) GDPR.
6. Data processing in third countries
If data is transferred to bodies whose headquarters or whose place of data processing is not located in a member state of the European Union or in another country outside of the European Union who is a signatory to the treaty, we ensure before forwarding the data that, outside of legally permitted exceptional cases pertaining to the recipient, either an appropriate level of data protection exists (e.g., through an adequacy decision of the European Commission, through suitable guarantees such as self-certification by the recipient for the EU-US Privacy Shield, or the agreement of EU standard contractual clauses between the European Union and the recipient) or you give sufficient consent for the transfer of the data.
We can provide you with an overview of the recipients in third countries and a copy of the specifically agreed regulations to ensure the appropriate level of data protection. To obtain these, please contact the address specified in Section 1.
7. Duration of storage and deletion
If the description of the individual services and offers do not contain any specific information about the storage duration or deletion of data, the following applies:
We store your personal data only for the length of time necessary to fulfill the intended purposes, or ñ in the case of consent ñ until you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent to process your personal data, we will delete it unless relevant legal provisions stipulate that it can be processed further. We will also delete your personal data if we are obliged to do so for other legal reasons.
In line with these general principles, we will usually delete your personal data immediately
after the legal grounds cease to apply and provided that no other legal grounds apply (e.g. commercial law and tax law retention periods). If the latter is the case, we will delete the data once the other legal grounds cease to apply.
if we no longer need the data for the purposes of preparing and executing a contract or legitimate interests and no other legal grounds apply (e.g. commercial law and tax law retention periods). If the latter is the case, we will delete the data once the other legal grounds cease to apply.
if the purpose of collecting the data no longer applies and no other legal grounds apply (e.g. commercial law and tax law retention periods). If the latter is the case, we will delete the data once the other legal grounds cease to apply.
8. Rights of data subjects
As the data subject affected by the data processing, you have several rights. Specifically,
Right of access:: You have the right to obtain information from us about the data that we have stored about you.
Right of rectification and erasure:
You have the right to demand that we rectify incorrect data and ñ provided the legal requirements are met ñ that we delete your data.
Restriction of processing: You have the right ñ provided the legal requirements are met ñ to demand that we restrict the processing of your data.
Data portability: If you have provided us with data on the basis of a contract or consent, you have the right, in accordance with the legal requirements, to obtain the data you have provided in a structured, standard, and machine-readable format or you can demand that we transfer this data to another controller.
Objection to the processing of data on the legal grounds of "legitimate interest": You have the right to object at any time, on grounds relating to your particular situation, to our processing of your data, provided this objection is based on the legal grounds of "legitimate interest". If you exercise your right to object, we will cease the processing of your data unless we can ñ pursuant to the legal requirements ñ prove compelling legitimate reasons for the further processing, which override your rights.
Withdrawal of consent: If you have given us consent to process your data, you can withdraw this consent at any time with effect for the future. The lawfulness of the processing of your data remains unaffected up until the time of the withdrawal of consent.
Objection to cookies: You can also object to the use of cookies at any time. For details on how to object, please refer to our Cookie Policy.
Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority: You can also submit a complaint to the competent supervisory authority if you believe that the processing of your data is in breach of the legislation. To do so, you can apply to the data protection authority that is responsible for your town/city or country or the data protection authority that is responsible for us.
Contacting us: Please do not hesitate to contact us if you have any questions regarding the processing of your personal data, your rights as a data subject, and any consent that you may have given. To exercise all of these previously mentioned rights, please contact us at https://www.porsche.com/germany/privacy/contact or the postal address specified above in Section 1. In doing so, please ensure that it is possible for us to uniquely define you.
9. Integration of third-party offerings
Websites and services delivered by other providers that are linked to the Porsche Tennis Website have been and are structured and provided by third parties. We do not have any influence over the structure, content, or role of these third-party services. We explicitly distance ourselves from all content in all linked third-party offerings. Please note that the third-party offerings linked to the Porsche Tennis Website may install their own cookies on your device or collect personal data. We have no influence over this. Please contact the providers of these linked third-party offerings as required for the relevant information.
10. Latest version
The latest version of this privacy policy applies.
Date: 25/05/18