http://www.yaxleyrunners.org.uk/privacy/
Yaxley Runners & Joggers (Club) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. For any personal data you provide for the purposes of your membership, Yaxley Runners & Joggers is the Data Controller and is responsible for storing and otherwise processing that data in a fair, lawful, secure and transparent way.
What personal data we hold on you
You may give us information about you by filling in forms at an event or online, or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. This includes information you provide when you register with the Club. The information you give us may include your name, date of birth, address, e-mail address, phone number, name of the EA affiliated Clubs with which you are registered and gender (Athletics Data). We may also ask for relevant health information which is classed as special category personal data.
Why we need your personal data
The reason we need your Athletics Data is to be able to administer your membership and provide the membership services you are signing up to when you register with the club. Our lawful basis for processing your personal data is that we have a contractual obligation to you as a member to provide the services you are registering for.
Reasons we need to process your data include:
For training and competition entry
sharing personal data with club coaches or officials to administer training sessions;
sharing personal data with leagues, county associations (and county schools’ associations) and other competition providers for entry in events.
For membership and club management
processing of membership forms and payments;
sharing data with committee members to provide information about club activities, membership renewals or invitation to social events;
club newsletter promoting club activity; and
publishing of race and competition results
Any special category health data we hold on you is only processed for the purpose of passing health data to coaches to allow the safe running of training sessions. We process this data on the lawful basis of consent. Therefore, we will also need your explicit consent to process this data, which we will ask for at the point of collecting it.
If you join one of the Club’s social media pages, please note that providers of the social media platforms have their own privacy policies and that the Club does not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.  Please check these policies before you submit any personal data on the club social media pages.
Who we share your personal data with
When you become a member of the Club you can also choose to be registered as a member of England Athletics Limited. If you would like to register as a member of England Athletics Limited, please tick the box on the membership form, and we will provide England Athletics Limited with your Athletics Data which they will use to enable access to the MyAthletics online portal. England Athletics Limited will contact you to invite you to sign into and update your MyAthletics portal. You can set and amend your privacy settings from the MyAthletics portal. If you have any questions about the continuing privacy of your personal data when it is shared with England Athletics Limited, please contact dataprotection@englandathletics.org. If you do not tick the box, the we will not share your data with England Athletics Limited.
The Club does not supply any personal data it holds for this purpose to any other third party. The Club’s data processing may require your personal data to be transferred outside of the UK. Where the Club does transfer your personal data overseas it is with the appropriate safeguards in place to ensure the security of that personal data.
How long we hold your personal data
We will hold your personal data on file for as long as you are a member with us. Any personal data we hold on you will be securely destroyed no later than one year after your membership ends.
Your rights regarding your personal data
As a data subject you may have the right at any time to request access to, rectification or erasure of your personal data; to restrict or object to certain kinds of processing of your personal data, including direct marketing; to the portability of your personal data and to complain to the UK’s data protection supervisory authority, the Information Commissioner’s Office about the processing of your personal data.
As a data subject you are not obliged to share your personal data with the Club. If you choose not to share your personal data with us we may not be able to register or administer your membership.
Leave a Reply Cancel reply
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name *
Email *
Website
Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes:
<a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <strike> <strong>