http://www.bbforums.com/?do=privacy
Login Sign Up
Home  \  Privacy Policy
Information Logged Automatically
BBForums.com only uses your IP address to help locate problems within the web site and to find broken links.
Personal Information Collected Online
Unless you consent, we will not use your personal information for any
purpose other than that for which it is submitted. We use personal information
to reply to inquiries, handle complaints, provide operational notices
and in program record-keeping. At any time you can add or remove your
name from a BBForums.com list by contacting us at bb
at bbforums . com
BBForums.com does not collect or maintain information
from those actually known to be under the age of 13, and no part of our
sites are structured to attract anyone under the age of 13.
We never sell or rent your personal information
BBForums.com may also release personal
information to appropriate governmental authorities under the following circumstances:
* Where release is required by law (for example, a subpoena) or regulation,
or is requested by a government agency conducting investigations or proceedings;
Where our records indicate a company may be engaged in fraudulent activity
or other deceptive practices that a governmental agency should be made
aware of; Where warranted by a company's failure to participate in the
advertising self-regulatory process or respond to an online privacy complaint,
or where a company fails to honor the recommendations of the National
Advertising Division, Children's Advertising Review Unit, National Advertising Review Board.
* Where your communication suggests possible harm to others.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites. BBForums.com
is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites.
Discussion Board
This site provides a discussion board to its users. Please remember that
any information that is disclosed in this area becomes public information
and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Cookies
Computer Tracking and Cookies Our web sites are not set up to track, collect
or distribute personal information not entered by visitors. Our site logs
do generate certain kinds of non-identifying site usage data, such as
the number of hits and visits to our sites. This information is used for
internal purposes by technical support staff to provide better services
to the public and may also be provided to others, but again, the statistics
contain no personal information and cannot be used to gather such information.
A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from
a Web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. You can still use
the BBForums.com sites if your browser is set to reject cookies.
Advertisers
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our
Web site. These companies may use information (not including your name,
address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this
and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on this site and
other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you.
Third Party Cookies
In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party
advertiser may place or recognize a unique "cookie" on your browser.
Contact Information
If you have a complaint about BBForums.com compliance
with this privacy statement, the practices of this site or your dealings
with BBForums.com you may contact us at sf at oldpig . com
Advertising
Copyright © 2004-2020 BB Forums. All rights reserved.
Terms of Service   Privacy Policy