https://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/football/article-8616943/Portsmouth-legend-Alan-Knight-joins-Sportsmail-backing-Reposm-charity-help-struggling-stars.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ito=1490&ns_campaign=1490
Home
U.K.
News
Sports
U.S. Showbiz
Australia
Femail
Health
Science
Money
Video
Travel
Shop
DailyMailTV
Soccer
Premier League
Champions League
Transfer News
Boxing
Golf
MMA
F1
Tennis
NFL
NBA
More
My Profile
Logout
Login
Privacy Policy
Feedback
Thursday, Dec 10th 2020
12AM
60°F
3AM
61°F
5-Day Forecast
Advertisement
show ad
Nicking Carlos Tevez, turning Wayne Rooney's head and ruffling Sir Alex Ferguson's feathers... how 'noisy neighbours' City shifted the power and turned Manchester from red to blue ahead of Saturday's crucial derby clash against bitter rivals United
Defiant Tottenham boss Jose Mourinho dismisses talk of rift with Harry Winks and insists he told midfielder to go and get changed after subbing him off... while also revealing he had no problem with Dele Alli also disappearing straight down tunnel
'If I'm Gareth Bale, I'm disappointed I'm coming off': BT Sport pundits debate whether Jose Mourinho was right to sub Welshman in Europa League as Glenn Hoddle insists he looked 'fragile'... but Owen Hargreaves believes he 'can still be a Ferrari'
Owen Hargreaves insists Arsenal have a 'genuine chance' of winning the Europa League as pundit heaps praise on Gunners youngsters... while Martin Keown compares starlet Folarin Balogun to Ian Wright and Andy Cole
Back to school! UEFA weigh up alterations to referee education after players walked off in Paris amid race storm involving Romanian fourth official in PSG's clash with Istanbul Basaksehir
PSG want Dele! Ligue 1 giants set to make loan move for Tottenham star Alli in January with Jose Mourinho willing to let out-of-favour midfielder depart to play alongside Neymar and Kylian Mbappe in French capital
'I never look beyond Manchester United': Marcus Rashford insists he wants to stay at Old Trafford for rest of his CAREER as the boyhood Red Devils forward says it 'wouldn't sit right' to play for a rival
Christmas is cancelled! Premier League clubs advise stars to scrap festive parties with team-mates to keep them off the naughty list amid concerns they could break Covid restrictions and cause a PR disaster
Model DEFENDS Haas F1 driver Nikita Mazepin and says he 'was not serious' when he groped her breasts in video that provoked angry backlash online and has sparked petition for son of billionaire to be stripped of his spot on 2021 grid
'You've got to stay switched on. The body can get soft easy': Anthony Joshua raises eyebrows by insisting on sparring just two days out from Saturday's world title clash with Kubrat Pulev
Jose Mourinho's high-flying Tottenham cruise through to Europa League knockout stages as group winners after Carlos Vinicius and Giovani Lo Celso put Antwerp to the sword in north London
Arsenal brush aside Irish minnows Dundalk as Eddie Nketiah, Mohamed Elneny, Joe Willock and Folarin Balogun net to help Mikel Arteta's side to 100% win record in Europa League group
Cengiz Under opens Leicester account with spectacular volley against AEK Athens before Harvey Barnes' deflected strike seals top spot for hosts in final Europa League group match
Celtic stars ease the pressure on beleaguered boss Neil Lennon as they finally produce a Europa League win to deny Lille top spot... but it's too little too late for Scottish giants to qualify
Rangers top Europa League group ahead of Benfica after easing to win against Lech Poznan thanks to goals from Cedric Itten and Ianis Hagi as Steven Gerrard's side progress without tasting defeat
Mourinho labelled Wenger a 'voyeur' and a 'specialist in failure', called Pep's greatest triumph a 'scandal' and Shaw brainless. After his dig at Man United and Solskjaer, here are the Special One's 10 greatest put-downs... and even Messi isn't safe!
Pep Guardiola to demand improved concentration from his Manchester City side ahead of United derby after a string of costly defensive errors in recent key games
'He knows that we want to retain him': Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta reiterates desire to keep hold of Folarin Balogun after teenager's goalscoring cameo against Dundalk
Frank Lampard believes iconic players who boss their former teams like Manchester United's Ole Gunnar Solskjaer are treated differently to their peers as the Chelsea boss reflects on the 'casual' criticism flung his way
Law firm suing World Rugby for dementia-related negligence now has 40 ex-footballers ready to bring their own claim as FA is braced for mass legal action next year
'I'm the last Busby babe... when I signed for City, the fans booed me in the warm up!': Sammy McIlroy talks crossing the Manchester divide, walking off a team flight at United and how he cheated death while on his way to get fish and chips
Olympic chiefs set to resist pressure by maintaining ban on competitors 'taking the knee' despite USA announcing they would NOT sanction their athletes from doing so
The FA borrow £175m from the Bank of England to help ease pressure on finances during the coronavirus pandemic with the governing body bracing for losses of £300m
Barcelona star Antoine Griezmann cuts ties with Huawei after telecommunications giant 'tested AI software that could send "Uighur alarms" to the Chinese government'
Previous
Next
'I thought 'hosepipe to the car, would that be the easiest way?': Portsmouth legend Alan Knight was living in his vehicle when he toyed with ending it all; now he's joining Sportsmail in backing Reposm housing charity to help struggling starsAlan Knight considered ending his life amid struggles with depression Knight is now in a better place and has urged others to talk about their struggles He appreciates perils sportspeople face when they have to enter the real world The Portsmouth legend joins Sportsmail in backing the Reposm housing charityIf you have been affected by this story, call The Samaritans at any time, from any phone for FREE, on 116 123, or email them at jo@samaritans.orgBy Matt Barlow for the Daily Mail
Published:
17:30 EST, 11 August 2020
|
Updated:
03:54 EST, 12 August 2020
e-mail
235 shares
1 View
comments
Through the clear eyes of 11 sober years, Alan Knight can make perfect sense of his personal crash into the ranks of the homeless.He acknowledges his mistakes with honesty and regret as he retraces his steps and he appreciates the perils awaiting professional sportspeople when age forces them into the real world. At the time, however, it was a high-speed blur.Knight, a one-club legend with 801 senior appearances for Portsmouth, spiralled out of football, out of control and into depression via alcoholism, a broken marriage and a medical emergency in the USA.
Portsmouth legend Alan Knight toyed with the idea of ending his life when at his lowest point
Knight is a Portsmouth legend having made 801 appearances between 1978 and 2000
RELATED ARTICLES
Previous 1 Next
Sportsmail backs charity for sports stars who have fallen on...
Premier League transfer window: Your comprehensive...
'I don't want egos': Manchester United boss Ole Gunnar...
Dimitar Berbatov says Manchester United would have an attack...
Share this article
Share
235 shares
'I've had those moments where you think about ending your life,' he says. 'I've done that. I was sleeping in the car when there was nowhere else to go and you would sit in there and think about all sorts of things.'Hosepipe into the car? Would that be the easiest way? All those things go through your head when you're at your lowest.'At 59, Knight is an ambassador for Pompey and active in their community projects in a city where homelessness and addiction are prevalent. Who better than someone who can empathise and offer proof of a way out?
The former shot-stopper says agencies like the PFA and Sporting Chance helped him greatlyThe key for him was to overcome the embarrassment of talking about his predicament and accessing the support network. He was fortunate to have family and good friends on hand, and agencies such as the PFA and the Sporting Chance addiction clinic.There are gaps in the system, however, and Knight believes Reposm, a new charity established to help former sportsmen and women with affordable housing highlighted on these pages on Tuesday, will go a long way towards closing one of them.'It's very easy to slip through the grid,' he says. 'More common than people realise. It comes down to pride with a lot of lads I see, and that was my biggest problem. People told me I needed help, that I was an alcoholic and I should go to the PFA but I wouldn't accept that.
Knight's life spiralled out of control via alcoholism, a broken marriage and a medical issue
The ex-goalkeeper joins Sportsmail in backing Reposm, a charity that helps struggling stars'I was wrapped up in myself and there's fear and embarrassment. Where to go? Who will help? I know lots of footballers who have struggled to access help they needed.'When Knight's playing career ended in the late 1990s, he was on about £50,000-a-year and dropped to £25,000 to become the club's goalkeeping coach. There had been a windfall from a testimonial in 1994 and another benefit match a decade onThe £30,000 it generated soon disappeared to repay debts. 'A lot of people worked hard and people paid to come and watch,' says Knight. 'I'm grateful and I feel I let them down.'Unfortunately, my personal life was unravelling. I split from my wife and I was haemorrhaging money. I lost the house and instead of sorting the finances, I buried my head in the sand and tried to make out everything was going well.'My drinking had escalated. I can look back now and see that I was a functioning alcoholic when I was playing. There was a big drink culture but you couldn't drink two days before a game.'As a coach, I didn't have those rules. I'd go out on a Friday or, if it was an away game, I'd stay up drinking in the hotel with some of the staff and I'd be kicking balls at the goalies in the warm-up still half-drunk. I was losing self-control.'
Knight admits that when he was a goalkeeping coach he was kicking balls while half-drunkFrom Portsmouth, Knight accepted a job coaching in the USA with Colin Clarke, a former team-mate who was in charge of FC Dallas. It was going well until his appendix burst and he needed emergency surgery. 'They found it was infected and I nearly lost my bowel. Then came the conversation about who was paying the $100,000 bill. My contract said medical care was covered but Dallas hadn't put it in place and the hospital said that was my problem. It was settled in the end but it created a bad feeling.'Clarke was sacked after losing on penalties in the 2006 play-offs and Knight returned home.'That was when things became really difficult,' he says. 'I had nowhere to live and getting a job in football proved impossible. I had no money for rent. I was running on empty.'He lived in spare rooms and slept on sofas in the homes of friends and former team-mates, unable to offer rent, afraid he would outstay his welcome, and he picked up cash doing manual labour and occasional coaching sessions at Bournemouth, Havant & Waterlooville and Dorchester, but he was still drinking and unreliable.'I always ended up in a pub,' Knight admits. 'I could always go into a pub in Pompey and someone would look after me.'
He endured a very difficult time as he continued drinking and struggled to find a place to liveThen came the emotional breakdown. 'I woke up one Saturday morning in Southsea in clothes I'd had on for a couple of days, a suit and a white shirt covered in dirt, and I walked over Fratton Bridge. Pompey were at home and supporters were in the pubs saying, "Come on in, Al".'I must have looked like a bag of s***. I could tell by the looks people were thinking, 'Look at the state of him' and "Where's it all gone wrong?"'I ended up in a pub and I just broke down in tears. I couldn't do it anymore.'Friends, family and the PFA moved in to help. The following day he borrowed £5 to buy 10 cigarettes and half a pint of lager, which he left untouched. It is the last drink he bought.By Thursday he had spoken to counsellors at Sporting Chance and the following Monday was starting a 28-day rehab course. He emerged clean. 'I had an epiphany, I think,' he smiles, but stepping back into society was daunting.'I can't thank Sporting Chance and the PFA enough, so I don't want to sound disingenuous but the big bit for me was at the end. Where are you going to go? I didn't know where I was going to live. I didn't have a job. I was lucky to have some very good friends and family who supported me.'
Knight says that pride stops a lot of players from admitting to others that they have problemsKnight found a job doing groundwork on construction sites. 'I wasn't very good, but at least I was reliable because I wasn't drinking.'And he returned to coaching, first at Horndean in Wessex League Two, step seven of the pyramid, and later at Aldershot with Kevin Dillon, another former team-mate, and as manager at Dorchester.The labouring took priority, however, because it paid more. Eventually he could afford rent on lodgings to call his own and regain some control. 'I was in a bed, with a better sleep pattern,' says Knight. 'It didn't feel like I was sofa-surfing. I had the stability of my own space.'I met my wife, Heather. She has been a massive help with my sobriety. I got my head straight and started to face my issues.
Now Knight is in a much better place and says his wife has been a major help with his sobriety'There were times when I thought it never would, but my life changed. I have a better relationship with my two daughters. I have three grandkids. I have a wife, a stepson and stepdaughter, a new life and it has been great to get back into football.'Knight returned to Portsmouth as goalkeeping coach in 2013, before becoming an ambassador.Uncertainty lies ahead, once again. He was on furlough through the pandemic and volunteered delivering food parcels with Pompey in the Community. He knows clubs in League One are facing difficult decisions.But Knight is safe in the knowledge he has faced greater fears and survived.To donate to the charity go to uk.virginmoneygiving.com and search for Reposm  The money can dry up fast By Chris Sutton There is a perception that football players earn ridiculous amounts and see out their days living in mansions.Some do. But supercars on driveways and swimming pools in back gardens are exceedingly rare.Careers in football are short and, for various reasons, that money can soon go. It might be because of poor financial advice. It might be because that business you opened suddenly collapsed - something which has become even more of a risk in this time of coronavirus.It leaves older generations vulnerable, some without a home of their own and forced to move in with family members. Former players, managers, coaches, scouts, those who operated at the top level and those who circulated the lower leagues - it can happen to anyone.
Former Celtic striker Chris Sutton stressed that the money players earn can soon run outLife doesn't always go according to plan and those who once made headlines in the sports pages can find themselves falling on hard times.As one can imagine, this causes mental anguish and it's wrong of a sport to turn its back on those who gave it so much.That's why this initiative by the Reposm Sporting Housing Trust can only be a good thing. It is a genuinely heartwarming scheme which Sportsmail is supporting and going to be donating towards.Hopefully, this can help anyone out there who's lost their way to get back on track. I'm backing it, and so are Sir Alex Ferguson and David Pleat to name two others. I hope you will be, too.  A way home for the retired in horseracing By Matt BarlowThose who provide a housing lifeline in the horseracing community are certain there is nothing to stop other sports succeeding with similar models.'I see absolutely no reason why it wouldn't work if there is the will and funding to do it,' said Dawn Goodfellow, chief executive of Racing Welfare, the charity supporting those who work in British racing.'It could be a really exciting prospect and there's all sorts of potential.'When you're building new stadiums, why couldn't there be some sort of social housing with an area reserved for retired elite sportsmen?'Racing Homes is the housing association that owns and manages 155 units in racing hubs such as Newmarket and Lambourn on behalf of Racing Welfare.
Dawn Goodfellow, chief executive of Racing Welfare, says the housing lifeline the charity provides could work in other sportsThere are bedsits for young people, although more than two thirds is housing for the sport's retired community, including former jockeys and trainers, stable staff, stud staff and ground staff from the racecourses.Last year, a new block of 21 two-bed retirement flats was built in Newmarket for £3.5million. There is a points system for eligibility and rents set below social housing levels. None of it is sheltered housing but there is a close link between the housing team and welfare officers.'Traditionally in racing there was a lot of tied housing,' said Goodfellow. 'Homes went with the job, and that would have been the genesis for it. There is less tied housing these days but the pressures are different.
One of the great values of the housing provided by Racing Welfare is that it enables people to live within the racing community'Newmarket is becoming a dormitory town for Cambridge and property prices are going up. In Epsom you're talking London prices and that's a challenge. A lot of our retired people have to move away and we know social isolation damages mental and physical health. There's research to show being lonely can be as bad for health as smoking 15 cigarettes a day.'One of the great values of our housing is that it enables people to live within the racing community.'We've moved people into Newmarket from places where they were socially isolated and into a community with people who understand what they're going through.'  It's a struggle for so many in cricket By Chris Cowdrey Cricket has some awful statistics when it comes to mental health and levels of divorce, bankruptcy and suicide among former players.It is not a sport awash with money. Cricketers have never been looked after for life, although the Professional Cricketers' Association do an increasingly good job.Things are better than they were but I know plenty from my generation who have really struggled and some are still struggling. They could do with the help of Reposm.I hope that all sports can come together and get this up and running to help as many people as possible in different stages of their lives.
Former Kent and England captain Chris Cowdrey is backing Sportsmail's campaignI am firmly behind this Sportsmail campaign. These problems are more widespread than people realise. Circumstances are different but life can throw you a few tricky deliveries and it is hard to get moving again. It is OK to hold up your hand and say you need help.David Bairstow was a great friend of mine who tragically took his own life at the age of 46, while Graeme Fowler, who suffered terrible mental health problems for 20 years, has done well to confront his issues and help others.Cricket is an all-embracing lifestyle. You are among friends, surrounded by groups of people. Although the travelling could be a hardship, it was fun because you'd go to play at Yorkshire and you knew on the close of the first day you would go out for a few beers with 'Bluey' Bairstow, which was something to look forward to.It was a social game. Then, all of a sudden, you retire and you don't have a team around you. The fraternity is gone and the money stops. It would be great to know Reposm was there to help those who struggle to cope.
Cowdrey stressed that cricket isn't a sport that is awash with money; with many struggling  To donate click here
RELATED ARTICLES
Previous 1 Next
Sportsmail backs charity for sports stars who have fallen on...
Premier League transfer window: Your comprehensive...
'I don't want egos': Manchester United boss Ole Gunnar...
Dimitar Berbatov says Manchester United would have an attack...
Share this article
Share
235 shares
Advertisement
Read more:
uk.virginmoneygi...
uk.virginmoneygi...
Share or comment on this article:
Portsmouth legend Alan Knight joins Sportsmail in backing Reposm charity to help struggling stars
e-mail
235
shares
More top stories
Bing
Site
Web
Enter search term:
Search
Like
DailyMail
Follow
DailyMail
Follow
@dailymail
Follow
DailyMail
Follow
MailOnline
Follow
Daily Mail
Get the Football RSS feed
RSS
My Yahoo!
Feedly
More RSS feeds...
Stars of sport
Raul Jimenez looks in great spirits as he visits his Wolves team-mates at their training ground for the first time since his horrific clash of heads with David Luiz
Tottenham boss Jose Mourinho dismisses talk of issue with Harry Winks after furious reaction to coming off
Winks went down the tunnel after being subbed
William Saliba jokes with Alexandre Lacazette whether he should be considered an Arsenal player in social media game
Sent out on loan
Model DEFENDS Haas F1 driver Nikita Mazepin and says he 'was not serious' when he groped her breasts in video that provoked angry backlash online
'I'm the last Busby babe... when I signed for City, fans booed me in the warm up!': Sammy McIlroy on crossing the Manchester divide
FixturesTodayLeeds20:00 - West HamSaturday 12 DecemberWolverhampton12:30 - Aston VillaNewcastle15:00 - West BromwichMan Utd17:30 - Man CityEverton20:00 - ChelseaSunday 13 DecemberSouthampton12:00 - Sheff UtdCrystal Palace14:15 - TottenhamFulham16:30 - LiverpoolArsenal19:15 - BurnleyLeicester19:15 - BrightonView fixturesTablesPremier LeaguePosPosTeamPTS1Tottenham HotspurTottenham242LiverpoolLiverpool243ChelseaChelsea224Leicester CityLeicester215SouthamptonSouthampton206Manchester UnitedMan Utd197Manchester CityMan City188West Ham UnitedWest Ham179EvertonEverton1710Wolverhampton WanderersWolverhampton1711Crystal PalaceCrystal Palace1612Aston VillaAston Villa1513Newcastle UnitedNewcastle1414Leeds UnitedLeeds1415ArsenalArsenal1316Brighton & Hove AlbionBrighton1017FulhamFulham718BurnleyBurnley619West Bromwich AlbionWest Bromwich620Sheffield UnitedSheff Utd1View all tables
TOP SPORT STORIES
PSG in for Dele! French giants to make another loan move for Spurs star Alli in January with Jose Mourinho willing to let midfielder depart
Tottenham boss Jose Mourinho dismisses talk of issue with Harry Winks and Dele Alli after they briefly disappeared down the tunnel in Royal Antwerp win
Owen Hargreaves insists Arsenal have a 'genuine chance' of winning Europa League as pundit heaps praise on Gunners youngsters
Easy win in Ireland
Back to school! UEFA weigh up alterations to referee education after players walked off amid race storm
in PSG's clash with Basaksehir
Marcus Rashford insists he wants to stay at Manchester United for the rest of his career as boyhood fan says it 'wouldn't sit right' with him to play for a rival
Premier League clubs advise stars to cancel Christmas parties with team-mates to keep them off the naughty list amid Covid-19 concerns
Jose Mourinho's high-flying Tottenham cruise into Europa League knockout stages as group winners after beating Antwerp
Comfortable night
Arsenal brush aside Dundalk as Eddie Nketiah, Mohamed Elneny, Joe Willock and Folarin Balogun net to help Mikel Arteta's side to 100% win record
Lewis Hamilton set for dramatic return to F1 on final day of 2020 season after coronavirus battle
Seven-time world champion tests negative and arrives in Abu Dhabi
REVEALED: British athletes fear taking the Covid-19 vaccine could make them FAIL drugs test and be banned from the Tokyo Games
UKAD seeking an answer
Model DEFENDS Haas F1 driver Nikita Mazepin and says he 'was not serious' when he groped her breasts in video that provoked angry backlash online
Advertisement
more stars of sport
Cristiano Ronaldo's sister labels him 'best ever' as she aims dig at  Lionel Messi by posting image of Barcelona star worshipping Argentine
Low blow
Istanbul Baskaksehir's bench 'called the Romanian fourth official at the centre of their Champions League walk-off a "gypsy"', new footage reveals
Romain Grosjean says he's '50% back' as he shows how well his burnt right hand has healed 11 days on from his 140mph horror crash in Belgium
'Think before you ask!': Fuming Antonio Conte IGNORES questions from ex-England boss Fabio Capello on Italian TV, demanding 'respect'
Bale appears to mock Karius' 2018 Champions League final mare by shouting German's name as Son drops ball
Bale scored twice past Karius in that match
Billy the Kid! Koumetio becomes Liverpool's youngest Champions League player
Came on at half-time in the Champions League draw at Midtjylland
Fury confirms he will NOT attend Joshua's heavyweight clash with  Pulev this weekend
Gypsy King is expected to face his British heavyweight rival in 2021
Ferdinand tips Bayern to retain their Champions League crown with Liverpool
second favourites
And he jokes he hasn't slept since United's exit
Salah overtakes Gerrard to become Liverpool's all-time record Champions League goalscorer
Netted in the first minute against Midtjylland
Haas condemn Russian driver Nikita Mazepin after he posted 'abhorrent' video of himself appearing to grope a woman
On his Instagram
'Ole hasn't turned up for two years now!': Solskjaer's post-match interview TORN APART by angry United fans
Bizarrely hailed team's character despite exit
Liverpool legend Jamie Carragher revels in Peter Schmeichel's despair as the ex-Man United No 1 is caught slumping in his seat
Crestfallen
Cristiano Ronaldo's 'unreal work rate' and 'GOAT status' praised by fans after robbing Lionel Messi of possession in the area
Nou Camp showdown
Europe's media demands 'stop the racism', while Turkish papers lament the 'disgrace in the Champions League'
'Had enough'
PSG and Istanbul Basaksehir players WALK OFF in Champions League clash amid allegations of racism
Now played Wednesday
'De Gea BOTTLES it. He's scared': Scholes slams 'CRIMINAL' goalkeeping which led to RB Leipzig's winner
United were dumped out the Champions League
Griezmann slams Barcelona's 'ugly' display in humiliating Champions League defeat by Juventus
PETE JENSON: More Nou Camp humiliation
'Why do Sky pay him so much to talk rubbish?' Kia Joorabchian SLAMS Jamie Carragher
Agent hit back at Monday Night Football remarks
Paul Scholes says 'Paul Pogba is the problem' after Mino Raiola remarks comments - but Rio Ferdinand disagrees
He points to Woodward
Look who's back! Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain hands Liverpool timely fitness boost by returning to full training after injuring his knee during pre-season
How's tatt? Napoli forward Lorenzo Insigne gets tattoo of club legend Diego Maradona on his leg in lasting tribute to late Argentine
Touching gesture
Mario Balotelli ends FIVE-MONTH exile as a free agent to sign for second-tier side AC Monza until the end of the season
Eyes Serie A promotion
Anthony Joshua warns Kubrat Pulev that he is not the 'little puppy' from three years ago when their 2017 fight was cancelled
Needs 'thick skin' to win
QPR and Millwall players will LINK ARMS before their clash on Tuesday instead of taking the knee in a bid to 'unify' people after fans booed the gesture
Troy Deeney reveals he's received more than 1000
racist messages calling him an 'effing n-word' since demanding further action after Cavani's 'negrito' post
Leeds Rhinos legend Kevin Sinfield has now raised an astonishing £1.1M as he finishes seventh marathon in seven days
For friend Rob Burrow
Marcus Rashford puts his special edition Nike boots up for grabs
Manchester United striker looks to raise money 'for people in need at Christmas'
Gary Lineker and eagle eyed Liverpool fans spot Caoimhin Kelleher's name was spelled wrong on Premier League debut
Nightmare for the kitman
Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang's agent hits out at Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta with Instagram post of attacking stats
Staunch defence
Wolves wear special warm-up tops paying tribute to Raul Jimenez at Anfield after striker fractured his skull
Now back home after surgery
Floyd Mayweather to take on YouTube boxer Logan Paul in a 'super exhibition fight' in February 2021
'Money' returns for the first time in two years
Mikel Arteta pushes Thomas Partey back on the pitch after injured Arsenal star WALKED OFF while Tottenham were breaking for their second goal
Jamie Carragher jokes 'VAR will be looking at that' as Jamie Vardy celebrates last minute winner for Leicester by smashing corner flag to pieces at Bramall Lane
Peter Alliss, the BBC's legendary 'voice of golf', dies at 89, less than a month after he commentated on the Masters' from home despite failing health
Jese Rodriguez SACKED by PSG in wake of sex scandal and allegation he cheated on his partner with her model frien
PSG have had enough of off-field scandals
'You have to give the people a show!': Floyd Mayweather claims he didn't knock out Conor McGregor early in 2017 superfight
There has since been speculation of a future rematch between the pair.
Timo Werner and Sebastien Haller battle to outdo each other in Miss of the Season competition as Premier League pair both endure moments to forget
Ex-Manchester City and Liverpool striker Mario Balotelli fires warning to 'cowardly b******s' that vandalised his car that they 'better pray hard'
'This is not United... I was praying for the referee to blow the half-time whistle': Patrice Evra SAVAGES 'same old' Manchester United after woeful first 45
'How NOT to mark Adama Traore': Wolves mock Arsenal's Granit Xhaka in TikTok video
Swiss midfielder left red-faced after clip showed failed defending efforts.
And still! Billy Joe Saunders remains UNDEFEATED as he beats fellow Brit Martin Murray by unanimous decision to retain
WBO super-middleweight title
From Bayern Munich... to Prestatyn Town! Former Liverpool prodigy Dale Jennings joins Welsh semi-professional side
Quite a career CV
Wenderson Galeno LEVITATES off the ground before pulling off incredible piece of control as part of dazzling Braga display
Moment went viral
Going nowhere! Teenage wonderkid Yunus Musah signs new six-year deal at Valencia
The 18-year-old has been a revelation in Spain playing for Javi Gracia
Liverpool defender Virgil van Dijk posts first photos of his rehabilitation just five weeks after surgery on ACL injury sustained in Merseyside derby
Ole Gunnar Solskjaer sets sights on top four place as he insists Manchester United are finally finding some consistency after Jekyll and Hyde form
Jurgen Klopp continues
tirade against Premier League's hectic schedule as he hits back at Gary Neville: 'I'm not like him. I care about ALL players'
Charlton star Madelene Wright is SACKED after Snapchat videos showed her 'inhaling balloons at a party and downing champagne at the wheel
Former Arsenal star Henrikh Mkhitaryan is PUNCHED by Young Boys' Mohamed Ali Camara after a tussle on the touchline during Europa League clash
Neymar 'will only sign new PSG contract if Lionel Messi moves to the French champions' with the Brazilian having revealed desire to reunite with him
Martin Keown demands Arsenal take 'expression and enjoyment' into weekend's north London derby after thumping Rapid Vienna
'Bring back Mesut': Arsenal fans urge Mikel Arteta to bring midfield outcast Ozil back into the fold next month after 2,000 made their return to the Emirates
Billy Joe Saunders promises to 'retire' Martin Murray when he defends his WBO title on Friday as the controversial Brit weighs in at 11st 13lbs
Romain Grosjean returns to scene of his horror 140mph crash as he
walks around Bahrain Circuit just four days after he climbed out of his burning car
Erling Haaland vows he will be 'back soon' for Borussia Dortmund after missing their Champions League clash with Lazio with a hamstring tear
PSG star Neymar reveals his 'unforgettable' experience of meeting Diego Maradona when he was just 14 years old
Took him on team bus!
Michael Owen claims 'petulant' Fred should NEVER play for Manchester United again after headbutting Leandro Paredes
Moment of madness
Carlos Tevez dedicates goal to Diego Maradona by celebrating strike with Boca jersey given to him by the late Argentine legend... but it earned him a booking!
'That's theatre, he is in a SWIMMING POOL': Dortmund boss Lucien Favre blasts Sergej Milinkovic-Savic for dive to win Lazio penalty
Neymar and Scott McTominay caught in furious bust-up as pair are forced to be SEPARATED at half-time
Two players clashed after a rash challenge
Olivier Giroud lauded as he scores FOUR in Sevilla rout - with Glenn Hoddle insisting he is still a 'great asset' for Chelsea amid January interest from Inter Milan
Wycombe fans AT LAST get a first look at life in Tier Two... with 1,000 supporters in attendance at Adams Park to see Gareth Ainsworth's side
Manchester United star Fred somehow escapes a red card for HEADBUTT on PSG's Leandro Paredes
Brazilian was not so lucky in the second half
Ex-Manchester City and France left-back Gael Clichy signs 18-month deal with Swiss outfit Servette
Joined a former team-mate in Geneva
Total crisis! Real Madrid's sorry defeat by Shakhtar Donetsk described as 'disastrous' by Spanish press with Zinedine Zidane under pressure
A Schumacher is back in F1! Haas confirm Mick, son of seven-time world champion Michael, will drive for them
in all-new driver line-up for 2021 season
Tyson Fury demands he is REMOVED from BBC's Sports Personality of the Year award shortlist
Broadcaster insists he will remain on the vote
F1 driver Romain Grosjean posts hospital snap of himself doing squats and jokes he's 'still very slow at typing' after Bahrain fireball
Wants to race again
Awkward! Warrington Wolves' big-name signing Greg Inglis LEAKS his new club's new kit for the 2021 season on Instagram
So much for a big reveal
Zinedine Zidane WON'T quit as Real Madrid boss despite losing to Shakhtar Donetsk AGAIN in Champions League
At risk of elimination
Hugs for all! Jurgen Klopp says Liverpool's win over Ajax is 'one of the BIGGEST Champions League nights we have had'
Injury-hit side impressed
Ex-world champion Glenn McCrory, 56, claims he has agreed BARE KNUCKLE boxing match with 58-year-old heavyweight legend Evander Holyfield
FIFTEEN Premier League stars make it on to list of nominees for UEFA's European Team of the Year
Ronaldo is a nominee for the 17th year in a row!
Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang has stopped 'running, tracking back and putting tackles in' since signing new contract, claims Darren Bent
Billionaire's son Nikita Mazepin handed F1 spot with Haas as he beats Brit Callum Ilott to a seat, four years after he was banned for PUNCHING rival in F3
Jack Grealish calls to 'get rid' of VAR as Aston Villa captain labels technology 'borderline embarrassing'
Denied a late equaliser at West Ham
Jurgen Klopp 'got done' in BT Sport interview as Gary Neville shows Liverpool are NOT playing more than previous seasons
He provided a table
England's lions of '66 roar into colour: TV footage of World Cup final glory is now being transformed into full colour for the first time
Iconic images come to life
Ademola Lookman pays emotional tribute to Papa Bouba Diop by holding up former Fulham star's Senegal shirt
Scored at Leicester
Lionel Messi's
tribute to Diego Maradona will cost Barcelona £2,700 as giants are forced to pay a fine to Spanish FA
Emotional star wore Newell's Old Boys shirt
Arsenal are condemned for allowing David Luiz to play on and then DRIVE HOME after sickening clash of heads which left him needing seven stitches
Wolves reveal Raul Jimenez has undergone surgery for a FRACTURED SKULL following striker's sickening clash of heads with David Luiz
Romain Grosjean speaks from his hospital bed for the first time since 140mph fireball crash that split his car in HALF at Bahrain Grand Prix
Edinson Cavani facing FA probe after sparking racism storm for calling a fan 'negrito' in Instagram post
Comes after United's 3-2 comeback win vs Saints
'We're talking about life and death here': Alan Shearer calls for immediate change to concussion protocols after sickening clash of heads at Emirates
'He's built like a brick s***house!': Cameras pick up Rob Holding's
rant as Arsenal defender accuses Adama Traore of going down easily
Former Fulham and Portsmouth midfielder Papa Bouba Diop dies aged 42
He helped Pompey win the FA Cup and starred at the 2002 World Cup
Celtic to probe ugly scenes after Ross County defeat which saw fans throw missiles at shaken players and demand for Neil Lennon to be sacked
Diego Maradona's daughter reduced to tears in the stands as Boca Juniors players applaud her after scoring opener against Newell's Old Boys
Donny van de Beek sparks injury fears as he shows off swollen ankle after making first league start for Manchester United at Southampton
'I'm so grateful Romain is safe': Lewis Hamilton pays tribute to F1 driver Grosjean after his horror crash at the Bahrain Grand Prix
Watching in disbelief
Home for good? On-loan star Gareth Bale submits plans to develop £4m Wales mansion with a whole new floor
Already has a golf course
'I would absolutely do this again!': Mike Tyson reveals plans to CONTINUE fighting at the age of 54 following his boxing return against Roy Jones Jr
Advertisement
Season at a glance
Live tables
Fixtures
Scores
Premier League
Premier League
Championship
League One
League Two
Scottish Premiership
Scottish Div 1
Scottish Div 2
Scottish Div 3
Ligue 1
Serie A
La Liga
Bundesliga
More tables
More fixtures
More scores
Today's headlines
Most Read
Nicking Carlos Tevez, turning Wayne Rooney's head and ruffling Sir Alex Ferguson's feathers... how 'noisy...
Tottenham boss Jose Mourinho dismisses talk of issue with Harry Winks and insists he told midfielder to go...
'If I'm Gareth Bale, I'm disappointed I'm coming off': BT Sport pundits debate whether Jose Mourinho was...
Owen Hargreaves insists Arsenal have a 'genuine chance' of winning the Europa League as pundit heaps praise...
Back to school! UEFA weigh up alterations to referee education after players walked off in Paris amid race...
PSG in for Dele! French giants to make another loan move for Tottenham star Alli in January with Jose...
'I never look beyond Manchester United': Marcus Rashford insists he wants to stay at Old Trafford for the...
Premier League clubs advise stars to cancel Christmas parties with team-mates to keep them off the naughty...
Model DEFENDS Haas F1 driver Nikita Mazepin and says he 'was not serious' when he groped her breasts in...
'You've got to stay switched on. The body can get soft easy': Anthony Joshua raises eyebrows by insisting on...
Tottenham 2-0 Royal Antwerp: Jose Mourinho's high-flyers cruise through to Europa League knockout stages as...
Dundalk 2-4 Arsenal: Second-string Gunners brush aside Irish minnows as Eddie Nketiah, Mohamed Elneny, Joe...
Leicester 2-0 AEK Athens: Cengiz Under opens his Foxes account with spectacular volley before Harvey Barnes'...
Celtic 3-2 Lille: David Turnbull nets winner as Neil Lennon's men deny visitors top spot in Group H
Lech Poznan 0-2 Rangers: Steven Gerrard's men top Group D ahead of Benfica after easing to win against...
Mourinho labelled Wenger a 'voyeur' and a 'specialist in failure', called Pep's greatest triumph a 'scandal'...
Pep Guardiola to demand improved concentration from his Manchester City side ahead of United derby after a...
'He knows that we want to retain him': Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta reiterates desire to keep hold of Folarin...
Frank Lampard reckons iconic players who boss their former teams like Manchester United's Ole Gunnar...
Law firm suing World Rugby for dementia-related negligence now has 40 ex-footballers ready to bring their...
MORE HEADLINES
New footage reveals Istanbul Basaksehir's bench 'called the Romanian fourth official a 'gypsy' as the players walked off in Paris'... but the Turkish club want UEFA to ban HIM for life
Lionel Messi 'WILL sign a new Barcelona contract if I'm elected,' insists presidential hopeful Jordi Farre in huge blow to Manchester City and Pep Guardiola's transfer plans
Liverpool are most likely to get Monchengladbach, Chelsea have a 19% chance of facing RB Leipzig and Barcelona must fear a Bayern Munich reunion... Why the Champions League draw's probabilities are NOT all equal
Tottenham 2-0 Royal Antwerp: Jose Mourinho's high-flyers cruise through to Europa League knockout stages as group winners after Carlos Vinicius and Giovani Lo Celso put Belgian side to the sword
Money talks! Tottenham (valued at £785m) are the only squad from Europe's top 10 most valuable NOT to be in the Champions League last-16... as KPMG analysis shows Liverpool and Manchester City values top £990m
'Think before you ask!': Fuming Antonio Conte IGNORES questions from ex-England boss Fabio Capello on Italian TV, demanding 'respect' as he loses his temper after Inter Milan crash out of Europe
Tottenham boss Jose Mourinho dismisses talk of issue with Harry Winks and insists he told midfielder to go and get changed after bringing him off... while also revealing he had no problem with Dele Alli disappearing down the tunnel in Royal Antwerp win
Model DEFENDS Haas F1 driver Nikita Mazepin and says he 'was not serious' when he groped her breasts in video that provoked angry backlash online
Cristiano Ronaldo's sister labels him 'the best ever' as she aims dig at his rival Lionel Messi by posting image of Barcelona star worshipping Juventus ace after his two goals at Nou Camp
'If I'm Gareth Bale, I'm disappointed I'm coming off': BT Sport pundits debate whether Jose Mourinho was right to sub Welshman in Europa League as Glenn Hoddle insists he looked 'fragile'... but Owen Hargreaves believes he 'can still be a Ferrari'
Conor McGregor's manager insists 'this is the best he's looked in a DECADE' in training ahead of UFC comeback against Dustin Poirier - and says he is 'hungrier than ever' despite making 'MORE money this year' without fighting
Stop tinkering, Ole! Manchester United's senior stars 'fear constant chopping and changing from Solskjaer is killing their consistency' - as stats show he hasn't named an unchanged XI ONCE
Dimitar Berbatov claims training with Cristiano Ronaldo was 'like a war' and that his former Manchester United team-mate didn't even drink at Christmas parties
'Not good enough': Bruno Fernandes breaks his silence after Manchester United's embarrassing Champions League exit in blunt social media message, insisting he and his team-mates must do 'much better'
'I don't give a s*** about the finances, I want to lift the Premier League trophy': Robin van Persie reveals Arsenal showed off about their BALANCE SHEET to convince him to stay before he joined Manchester United
Frank Lampard reckons iconic players who boss their former teams like Manchester United's Ole Gunnar Solskjaer are treated differently to their peers as the Chelsea boss reflects on the 'casual' criticism flung his way
Dele Alli is named in FIFA's top 55 stars in the world despite not featuring in the league for Tottenham since OCTOBER after falling out of favour... as Bayern Munich dominate the list with eleven players
Dundalk 2-4 Arsenal: Second-string Gunners brush aside Irish minnows as Eddie Nketiah, Mohamed Elneny, Joe Willock and Folarin Balogun net to help Mikel Arteta's side to 100% win record in Europa League group
Mourinho labelled Wenger a 'voyeur' and a 'specialist in failure', called Pep's greatest triumph a 'scandal' and Shaw brainless. After his dig at Man United and Solskjaer, here are the Special One's 10 greatest put-downs... and even Messi isn't safe!
Lewis Hamilton set for dramatic return to F1 on final day of 2020 season following coronavirus battle... as seven-time world champion tests negative and arrives in Abu Dhabi to take back his seat from Williams' George Russell
MOST READ IN DETAIL
Want a Date?
Join Match.com Now for Free!
more
Advertisement
From the Makers of Candy Crush
Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now!
more
Head Start to Home Cooked
Get Recipes
more
NEW ARTICLESHomeTop
Share
Back to top
Home
U.K.
News
Sports
U.S. Showbiz
Australia
Femail
Health
Science
Money
Video
Travel
Shop
DailyMailTV
Sitemap
Archive
Video Archive
Topics Index
Mobile Apps
Screensaver
RSS
Text-based site
Reader Prints
Our Papers
Top of page
Daily Mail
Mail on	Sunday
This is Money
Metro
Jobsite
Mail Travel
Zoopla.co.uk
Prime Location
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group
dmg media
Contact us
How to complain
Leadership Team
Advertise with us
Contributors
Work with Us
Terms
Do not sell my info
CA Privacy Notice
Privacy policy & cookies
Advertisement
Advertisement