http://www.skiwolfridgenc.com/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Menu
Close
Snow Report
Updated:December 1, 2020
Base Depth:10-18"
Slopes Open:0
Lifts Open:0
Snowmaking:YES
Full Report
BOOK NOW
Privacy Policy
Privacy NoticeThis privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for skiwolfridgenc.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.Information Collection, Use, and Sharing We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.Your Access to and Control Over Information You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time.Security We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.Links This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.Surveys & Contests From time-to-time our site requests information via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.Contact informationWolf Ridge Ski Resort578 Valley View CircleMars Hill, NC 28754800.817.4111828.689.4111