http://www.st-mellion.co.uk/en/privacy-policy.html
Book my room nowBook My Tee Times Rooms & Suites Overview Resort Room Superior Room Suite 1 Bedroom Cottages 2 Bedroom Cottages Offers & Events Accommodation Offers Social Events Golf Offers Spa Offers Memberships Leisure Membership Golf Membership The Estate Meetings Meetings & Conferences Meeting Packages Weddings Your Wedding in Cornwall Wedding Packages Wedding Show Bar & Restaurants Map Gallery Golf Our Golf Courses Golf Breaks Society Golf Day Golf What you say about us Facilities and Team Our Heritage Roll of Honour PGA Golf Academy Get into Golf Offer & Facilities Golf Academy Team Spa & Leisure Elemis Spa Health & Leisure For Kids & Teens Hair Salon Spa Breaks Gift Voucher Careers Press Contact
Menu
Book My Tee Times Book My Room Now Overview Resort Room Superior Room Suite 1 Bedroom Cottages 2 Bedroom Cottages Accommodation Offers Social Events Golf Offers Spa Offers Our Golf Courses Golf Breaks Society Golf Day Golf What you say about us Facilities and Team Our Heritage Roll of Honour Get into Golf Offer & Facilities Golf Academy Team Elemis Spa Health & Leisure For Kids & Teens Hair Salon Spa Breaks
St MellionPrivacy Policy
DATA PROTECTION POLICYMarch 2020St. Mellion Estate respects your privacy. Your personal data is protected in the UK by the Data Protection Act 1998 and the General Data Protection Regulation. Under the General Data Protection Regulation, we have a legal duty to protect any information we collect from you. Any information that you give us is held with the utmost care and security. It will not be used in ways to which you have not consented. We do not and will not pass on your details to any third party or government department unless you give us permission to do so or as otherwise required by law.POLICY INFORMATIONThis policy applies to:• All customers of St. Mellion Estate• Members of St. Mellion Estate• All sites under the control of St. Mellion Estate• All staff operating on behalf of St. Mellion EstateSt. Mellion Estate will use its best endeavours to ensure that staff and contractors of the clubs adhere to this policy at all times.INTRODUCTIONThe purpose of this policy is to enable St. Mellion Estate to:• Comply with the law in respect of the data it holds about individuals• Protect St. Mellion Estate members, staff and visitors• Protect the organisation from the consequences of a breach of its responsibilitiesThe data protection principles require that personal information is:• Processed fairly and lawfully• Processed for limited purposes• Adequate, relevant and not excessive• Accurate and up to date• Not kept for longer than is necessary• Processed in line with the rights of individuals• Secure• Not transferred to other countries without adequate protectionThis policy applies to information relating to identifiable individuals.WEBSITE:WHAT INFORMATION IS COLLECTED?The company collects information relating to website users in various ways including directly from the user and by using technical means such as cookies.User-supplied information: when you register with us, the company may ask you for your name, e-mail address, and other similar information. Any information supplied by the user is supplied voluntarily unless otherwise stated. If you do not want us to hold information about you, please do not supply it to us.OTHER INFORMATION (COOKIES):We use Google Analytics to research user activities on our website in order to enhance it’s performance and usability. In the course of conducting this research Google places a First Party session ‘cookie’ on your browser and collects aggregate information. The cookie is a small amount of information recording details of your visit to our web site, but does not identify you. Aggregate information is used to show us the total number of visits to our website and which parts of the site are used the most. It does not identify individuals, as it does not contain any personal data. This information helps us to develop our website and initiate improvements to the services. If you would prefer, you can set your browser to disable cookies. Information on how to disable cookies can be obtained by referring to either your Operating Systems Manual or your Browser Guide, or by contacting your Internet Service Provider. You should be aware that if you disable cookies our website may not perform as it was intended. If you have any questions or concerns regarding this cookie policy please contact us.In order to help you access and use the site as efficiently as possible, the company may use cookies to store and record your use of the site. Cookies are technical files that are sent to your browser and stored on your computer. Use of cookies is standard in many web sites. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can reset your browser settings either to notify you when you receive a cookie, or to refuse to accept cookies. You should understand that certain areas of the site may not function properly if you set your browser to not accept cookies or if you reject a cookie.You can inform us at any time if you no longer wish to receive our marketing communications. We always provide links to automatically opt out in all of our email communications to you.APPLICABLE LAW:This Website is created and controlled by the company and subject to the laws of England & Wales and subject to the jurisdiction of the English court. The company reserves the right to make changes to the site and this privacy statement from time to time.POLICY STATEMENTCrown Golf will:• Comply with both the law and good practice• Respect individuals’ rights• Be open and honest with individuals whose data is held• Provide training and support for staff who handle personal data, so that they can act confidently and consistently.RESPONSIBILITIESSt. Mellion Estate recognises its overall responsibility for ensuring that St. Mellion Estate complies with its legal obligations.The Data Protection Officer (DPO) is the person with the following responsibilities:• Briefing St. Mellion Estate on data protection responsibilities• Reviewing data protection and related policies• Advising other staff on data protection issues• Handling subject access requestsAll staff are required to read, understand and accept any policies and procedures that relate to the personal data they may handle in the course of their work. Significant breaches of this policy will be handled under St. Mellion Estate disciplinary procedures.SECURITYThis section of the policy only addresses security issues relating to personal data. It does not cover security of the building, business continuity or any other aspect of security.DATA RECORDING AND STORAGESt. Mellion Estate will regularly review its procedures for ensuring that its records remain accurate and consistent and, in particular:• Our IT systems will be designed, where possible, to encourage and facilitate the entry of accurate data.• Data on any individual will be held in as few places as necessary and the holding of unauthorised or unofficial data sets is against company policy.• Effective procedures will be in place so that all relevant systems are updated when information about any individual changes.• Members data held will be released to other members in order to facilitate the golfing activities of the club. This will only be mobile and/or email for contact/communication. By entering any competitions you are deemed to have given permission for essential data such as your telephone number to be released to another relevant member or members. This permission may be withdrawn at any time by the member in notifying in writing to the club secretary at any time or by indicating this on the Club’s competition entry form(s)• Members’ data will also be shared with Club V1 handicap systems, to facilitate monitoring of handicaps• Further details of this are contained in the privacy statement contained below.CCTVSt. Mellion Estate has:• Installed a CCTV system which produces clear images which the law enforcement bodies can use to investigate crime and these can easily be taken from the system when required. sited cameras so that they provide clear images.• Positioned the cameras to avoid capturing images of persons not visiting the premises.• Sited monitors in a position that provides the staff with the security required whilst restricting as far as is practical the ability of the public to see them.• Placed visible signs showing that CCTV is in operation.• A limited number of authorised persons that may access the recorded images from the CCTV system, which are securely stored. The recorded images are held for 28 days and with the exception of law enforcement bodies, images will not be provided to third parties.POLICY REVIEWThe policy is to be reviewed on an annual basis or at such time that the Data Protection Act or the General Data Protection Regulation is amended.PRIVACY STATEMENTWhen you request information from St. Mellion Estate, sign up to any of our services or buy things from us, St. Mellion Estate obtains information about you. This statement explains how we look after that information and what we do with it.We have a legal duty under the Data Protection Act 1998 and the General Data Protection Regulation to prevent your information falling into the wrong hands. We must also ensure that the data we hold is accurate, adequate, relevant and not excessive.Member’s email address and/or telephone numbers may be given to other current members of the club for the purposes of facilitating activities pertaining to the club, where the information is not currently available on the member’s directory via the club website. Furthermore, Members’ data will also be shared with Club V1 via Club handicap systems, to facilitate monitoring of handicapsWhenever we collect information from you, we will make it clear which information is required in order to provide you with the information, service or goods you need. You do not have to provide us with any additional information unless you choose to. We store your information securely on our computer system, we restrict access to those who have a need to know, and we train our staff in handling the information securely.If you are a Club Member, we will contact you from time to time with membership related communications. We will not send you any marketing offers unless you have specifically opted in to receiving these. If you have opted in, you can opt out any time.You have the right to a copy of all the information we hold about you (apart from a very few things which we may be obliged to withhold because they concern other people as well as you). To obtain a copy, please write to the Data Protection Officer (DPO) at St. Mellion Estate dpo@crown-golf.co.ukSt. Mellion Estate reserves the right to charge you for a copy of your data (as permitted by law). We aim to reply as promptly as we can and, in any case, within the legal maximum of 30 days.
Book with confidence BEST RATE GUARANTEE BOOK MY ROOM NOW