https://www.nhl.com/islanders/team/privacy-policy
Skip to Main Content
The Official Site of the New York Islanders
Tickets
Tickets
2021-22 UBS Arena Deposits
My Islanders Account
2020-21 Full-Season Memberships
Mobile Ticketing
Seating Chart
Team
Team
UBS Arena
Bridgeport Sound Tigers (AHL)
Business Directory
Contact Us
Corporate Partners
Iceworks
Management & Coaching
Northwell Health Ice Center
Players
Prospects
Worcester Railers (ECHL)
Schedule
Schedule
2019-20 Playoffs Schedule
Downloadable Schedule
Radio Schedule
Stats
Stats
Comparative Team Stats
Game-by-Game Log
Player Stats
Prospect Report
Standings
vs All Teams
News
News
Alumni Corner
Community News
Isles Day-to-Day
Maven's Memories - By Stan Fischler
News Feed
Prospect Report
Summer Series
Third Jersey
This Day in Isles History
Transactions
UBS Arena
Isles TV
Isles TV
AHL TV
Game Highlights
Islanders Exclusives
Islanders in the Community
Fanzone
Fanzone
1980 Cup Coloring Pages
Code of Conduct
Color Guard Requests
E-mail Newsletter
Fan Faceoff
Getting Here
Home-Ice Advantage
Hometown Hero
Isles Awards
Personal Scoreboard Message
Islanders Puppy
Reverse Retro Jersey
Take Home Activities
Third Jersey
Transportation
Wallpapers
Community
Community
50/50 Raffle
Amateur Hockey
Blades For Grades
Community Star of the Week
Community Initiatives
Community News
Community Programs
Floorball
Fundraising Events
Future Islanders Program
Hockey With A Heart
ICE Tour
In-Kind Donations
Islanders Children's Foundation
Islanders Street Hockey
Kids Club
Military Hero of the Game
Northwell Health: The Call-Up
Player Programs
School Assembly Galleries
Sparky The Dragon
Multimedia
Multimedia
Isles TV
NHL.TV
Photo Galleries
Radio Schedule
Social Media
Wallpapers
Shop
Shop
Auctions
Official Islanders Online Store
Pro Shops
Fisherman Jersey
Reverse Retro Jersey
Third Jersey
Scores
Venue
Venue
UBS Arena
NYCB LIVE
Northwell Health Ice Center
Teams
Eastern Conference
Atlantic
Boston
Buffalo
Detroit
Florida
Montréal
Ottawa
Tampa Bay
Toronto
Metropolitan
Carolina
Columbus
New Jersey
NY Islanders
NY Rangers
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Washington
Western Conference
Central
Chicago
Colorado
Dallas
Minnesota
Nashville
St. Louis
Winnipeg
Pacific
Anaheim
Arizona
Calgary
Edmonton
Los Angeles
San Jose
Vancouver
Vegas
Seattle
Coming 2021-2022 Season
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. This Privacy Statement governs the practices of New York Islanders Hockey Club, LP and its affiliates ("NYI"). NYI is committed to undertaking reasonable measures to protect the privacy and security of all of the personal information that is provided to us. Please read the following description of our policies and practices regarding your personal information.This policy covers how NYI treats personal information that NYI collects and receives through its website, islanders.nhl.com (the "Web Site"). This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that NYI does not own or control.  In connection with your visit to and participation in activities at the Web Site (such as a newsletter, contests, sweepstakes, polls, games, surveys, promotions, game ticket and merchandise offers), you may submit personal information such as your name, home address, email address, telephone number, age, income, interests, demographic information, and credit card identification, and we may obtain additional information regarding your visit to and participation in such activities at the Web Site, including information obtained through the use of "cookies" as described below (all of this information is collectively referred to as "Personal Identifiable Information"). NYI is committed, in accordance with this Privacy Policy, to undertaking all reasonable measures to protect the privacy and security of your Personal Identifiable Information that we may collect and receive from you at our Web Site. Personal Identifiable Information does not include aggregated information that is not linked to any of your personal information that can personally identify you. Such aggregated information may be shared with the National Hockey League ("NHL"), its member teams and NHL affiliated entities (collectively "NHL Parties"), and our marketing partners, advertisers and other business relations. When you voluntarily provide Personal Identifiable Information, we will assume your consent to its use and disclosure in accordance with this Privacy Policy, subject to any use and disclosure from which you have opted out, as provided below. From time to time we may use or disclose to NHL Parties, our marketing partners, advertisers and other businesses your Personal Identifiable Information to provide you with marketing and sales communications, from our organization, NHL Parties, and our marketing partners, advertisers and other businesses. If you do not wish us to use or disclose your Personal Identifiable Information in such manner you will have the opportunity to "opt out", or in other words, elect not to have us use or disclose your Personal Identifiable Information in such manner. From time to time we may also share your Personal Identifiable Information with NHL Parties, our agents and contractors in order to facilitate our providing Web Site content or your participation in Web Site activities or the performance of services for us in that regard, and who are authorized to use your Personal Identifiable Information solely in compliance with this Policy. We may be required to collect, share or disclose your Personal Identifiable Information without your consent in the following instances: (i) pursuant to judicial orders, subpoenas, decrees, or warrants; (ii) in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected illegal activities, fraud, safety or the security of persons or property, violations of the Web Site Terms of Use, or as otherwise authorized or required by law; and (ii) in connection with the sale or transfer of all or any part of NYI or the partnership, shareholder or other equity ownership of NYI. From time to time we may place a "cookie" on your computer. Our third party service providers and ad servers may also place a "cookie" on your computer. A cookie is a file written to your computer''s hard drive that records certain technical information about your Internet usage, such as your IP address, browser type, or domain name. Also, if you submit Personal Identifiable Information to our Web Site (such as your name, interests or preferences), "cookies" may be used to keep track of such information so that you will not need to reenter this information during subsequent visits. We use "cookies" to customize delivery of our Web Site content and advertisements. You may set your Internet browser preferences to notify you when you receive a "cookie" or to decline its acceptance. If you decline acceptance of "cookies", however, under certain circumstances you may experience less than optimal performance of our Web Site. Web servers serving our Web Site may automatically collect Personal Identifiable Information regarding the Web Site pages you visit, as well as your IP address or domain name. We may use this information for our internal Web Site business purposes, for example, to tailor our Web Site content or to assess the amount of traffic to our Web Site. Our Web Site may contain advertisements or services offered by other parties and links to their web sites. These other parties and their web sites may include our partners, sponsors and advertisers that may be authorized to use the New York Islanders name or logo as a link between the Web Site and their web sites. The links and web sites operated by such other parties may set and access cookies. We are not related to and have no control over such web sites and parties. Those parties are covered by their own privacy policies, and we cannot take any responsibility in that regard. Our Web Site incorporates reasonable safeguards to protect the security and privacy of your Personal Identifiable Information collected at our Web Site in accordance with this Privacy Policy. However it is always possible that any Personal Identifiable Information transmitted or disclosed online can be intercepted by others and used unlawfully. Accordingly we cannot warrant the security of your Personal Identifiable Information under such circumstances. In addition, Personal Identifiable Information that you may voluntarily disclose and post at our Web Site (such as on message boards and in chat rooms) that may be viewed by the public will create a risk that such Personal Identifiable Information may be used by others and that you may receive unsolicited email or information as a result. Children (Under 13 Years of Age) Privacy: We are committed to adherence to the Federal Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, including the following principles and practices regarding Personal Identifiable Information pertaining to children under 13 years of age:
Except as noted below, we do not permit access to children under the age of 13 to participation in activities at our Web Site that require the furnishing of Personal Identifiable Information. The Web Site may offer activities, promotions and contests for participation by children under the age of 13 where the child will be required to only furnish his or her first name and email address, provided that he or she also provides the full name and email address of his or her parent or legal guardian. That Personal Identifiable Information will not be used or disclosed without parental consent. The Web Site may also offer activities, promotions and contests for participation by children under the age of 13 that require certain Personal Identifiable Information reasonably necessary to conduct the activity, promotion or contest, (such as a home address, personal interests, or demographic information), in which event the child will be required to download and print a Parental Consent form which must be signed by the child's parent or legal guardian and submitted (mail or fax) to the address on the form in order for the child to participate in the activity, promotion or contest.
Your use of the Web Site constitutes your acceptance of our Privacy Policy. If we decide to make any important changes to our Privacy Policy we will post the changes here. Accordingly you should refer to this Privacy Policy before you use the Web Site and/or furnish Personal Identifiable Information to the Web Site. If you have any comments or questions about our Privacy Policy or your Personal Information collected at our Web Site, including its accuracy, integrity, or completeness, or if you wish to access, review, verify, correct, amend, or remove such information, or if you have any questions or comments about our use or disclosure of your Personal Identifiable Information please contact webmaster@newyorkislanders.com. None of NHL ICE, NHL Enterprises, L.P., NHL Enterprises Canada, L.P., NHL Enterprises B.V., the National Hockey League and its other member clubs, nor any of their respective officers, directors, governors, owners, other officials, partners, partnerships, principals, employees, affiliates and other related entities, servants, agents, representatives, successors and assigns, have any control of, or responsibility or liability for, our use, disclosure, storage or transmission of any information collected through our websites.