https://www.palmbeachpost.com/story/sports/college/hurricanes/2020/09/23/kicker-jose-borregales-helped-fiu-beat-um-in-2019-but-now-is-a-miami-hurricanes-star/3502446001/
Miami Hurricanes kicker Jose Borregales goes from being ignored to ‘a legend’ after transferring from FIUTom D'AngeloPalm Beach PostJose Borregales was a redshirt freshman at FIU in 2016 when he decided to tune into the Miami Hurricanes, his second-favorite team despite them shunning him the previous year, as they hosted Florida State.Borregales is familiar with the bizarre kicking history of this series … somewhat. The series started chewing up kickers before Borregales was born. And as the Wide Rights mounted and became a stand-alone description of the rivalry, Borregales still was in his native Venezuela, his family yet to have made its way to Miami.But on that night four years ago at Hard Rock Stadium, Borregales was watching Miami attempt to snap a six-game losing streak to the Seminoles when DeMarcus Walker raised his left arm and blocked a PAT with 1:38 remaining to preserve FSU’s one-point win.“That sucked,” Borregales now says of the play.Three years later Borregales was getting the last laugh on the school that ignored him throughout high school (yet, he remained a Miami fan), with field goals of 50 and 53 yards in FIU’s stunning upset of the mighty Canes last November. The 50-yarder came in the final seconds of the first half and prompted a celebration that carried over after the Panthers handed Miami one of the most embarrassing losses in its history.“It was a big game, we were underdogs, going into the half we had momentum,” said Borregales, whose family came to Miami when he was 7. “It sparked the team going into the half. I guess it worked overall.”More:College football: With Miami’s rise, state of Florida again has trio of teams in top 15More:FSU offensive coordinator Kenny Dillingham prepared for larger role vs. MiamiLooking on that night were Borregales’ parents, Enrique Borregales and Vivian Martinez. Vivian, who videos all of her son’s kicks, wasn’t sure how to react. While Jose’s was sticking it to the school that “didn’t pay attention to him,” according to Vivian, Miami learned from its mistake.The Hurricanes paid plenty of attention to Jose’s younger brother, Andres, offering him a scholarship. Now Andres, a senior at Chaminade-Madonna in Hollywood, will follow his brother’s footsteps starting next season.“I was very, very confused,” Vivian said. “I was supper happy for him and for FIU. At the same time, I was super sad for Miami because they lost.”Vivian and the rest of the family is no longer conflicted.A few weeks after Jose reminded the Hurricanes of what they were missing, they made sure to make up for that oversight. Having graduated, Jose was looking to transfer. Figuring it would not take long to get the attention of the school one of his teammates dubbed the ‘University of Coral Gables’ after FIU’s win, Jose received a direct message from UM special teams coordinator Jonathan Patke. All it included was the eyes emoji.Jose finally was going to kick for the team he grew up following.“I always wanted to play for UM since I was a kid,” said Jose, who attended the Hurricanes camps while at Booker T. Washington High School. “So, it’s a dream come true.”More Miami Hurricanes coverageManny Diaz preparing for FSU team without Norvell, wants more from defenseWe've been fooled before, but something seems different with these HurricanesAll was forgiven, even by Vivian.“It was disappointing,” she said about Miami ignoring Jose while he was in high school. “They didn’t talk to him at all. At the end we said these people are not interested, so we are focusing on other things.”Borregales has not just fit in perfectly, but he’s become an integral part of Miami's resurgence. He has made all four of his field goal attempts, including tying the school record of 57 yards in Saturday’s 47-34 victory at Louisville.And he could not be a better complement to punter (and holder) Lou Hedley, two atypical kickers, both born out of the country, who can compare tattoos.‘I didn’t like him very much,” Hedley said about watching Borregales celebrate his kicks against UM last season. “Now, he’s here, and he’s a legend."Now, he will be a part of that Miami-Florida State kicking history as No. 14 Miami (2-0) hosts the Seminoles (0-1) at 7:30 p.m. Saturday.When asked about it, Borregales said other then the 'Block at the Rock' he knows “Florida State is known for wide lefts. Hopefully we’ll see that Saturday.”Actually it's wide rights — I, II, III and IV. And one wide left. Miami has contributed to this mess with the block and the Miami Muff in 2005.Manny Diaz lived through a kicking nightmare in his first year as the Hurricanes coach. Miami’s kickers were just 12 of 20 on field goal attempts last season and missed a couple of extra points. By midseason Diaz turned to a walk-on.“It changes everything, especially when you compare it to not having confidence in that position when you went out there to kick a PAT or a short field goal and it was 50-50,” Diaz said.“When you have a guy, and you know you don’t have to be perfect when you cross midfield, now all the options are available to us. On third down, do we go for the first down, do we want to get half and for it on fourth, do we want to kick from where we’re at? It certainly gives us much more flexibility of what we want to do once we cross midfield.”Borregales was a Groza Award finalist as a sophomore in 2018. He finished his career at FIU as the program’s leading scorer with 281 points making 50-of-66 field goal attempts and all but three of his 134 PATs.But none brought him the recognition that making all four attempts last week at Louisville in prime time did.“My phone didn’t stop blowing up that whole night and the next morning, people mentioning the 57-yarder,” said Borregales, who has made kicks from 70 yards in practice. “It’s great for me to be able to show out on a stage like that. That’s the reason I transferred to get my name out there, hopefully to make it to the next level and show I can do this at any level.“I like playing in big stages like that.”Diaz said the sideline "was about as excited as I’ve seen a Miami Hurricanes sideline"  on the 57-yarder.And that wasn’t the only place.Back in Doral, the Borregales household was as excited as that Miami sideline.    “We were jumping and screaming,” Vivian said. “I think my neighbors think something happened in our house because we were screaming so loud.”