http://www.gojurobics.com/privacy-policy
About Us
Programs
Kids Martial Arts
Personal Training
Kickboxing
Summer Camp
Online Kickboxing
Reviews
Self Defense
Women's Self Defense
Schedule
Contact Us
More +
Members Only
Gift Card
Goju Training Center
402 Justison Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19801
302-293-2185
gojucrazy@gmail.com
Privacy Policy | Goju Training Center
Information Collected
Goju Training Center
may collect information, such as your e-mail address, name and phone number.
Information about your computer hardware and software also may be automatically collected. This information can include your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used by Goju Training Center for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of our website.
Use Of Your Information
We collect and use your personal information to operate our website and deliver the services you have requested. We will send one welcome email following registration to all registered patrons. We also send periodical service updates to users.
We do not sell, rent, or lease our customer lists to third parties.
Contact Information
Goju Training Center welcomes your comments. If you would like to stop receiving messages from us, please contact us at gojucrazy@gmail.com.
Request information now!
Our Programs
Request information
Goju isn't just about physically working out...this family is about transforming who you are from the inside out. We train...we train our bodies and we train our minds to never give up...even when you feel as though you can't go on. If you want to learn true discipline this is where you come...you will learn to recondition your mind to tackle anything that's thrown your way...and the bonus is a conditioned body that feels and looks good inside and out btw it won't come easy...but anything that's worth anything isn't
I don't feel complete unless I'm here at least three times a week! seriously, I love Goju training center!!
I LOVE IT HERE!! Excellent full body workout, quick results when you're consistent!!
Request Information Now!