http://www.sunpeaksresort.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Last updated February, 2006
Sun Peaks Resort's Commitment to Privacy
Sun Peaks Resort LLP (“Sun Peaks”) is committed to maintaining the security, confidentiality and privacy of the personal information of all individuals with whom it has contact. This Privacy Policy documents Sun Peaks’ on-going commitment to you, whether customer, supplier, guest or otherwise, and has been developed in compliance with the British Columbia Personal Information Protection Act (“PIPA”).
Sun Peaks may occasionally update this Policy. When it does so, it will revise the “last updated” date at the top of this Policy, and will notify you of the changes by placing a notice on its website.
Scope of Policy
This Policy addresses the collection, use and disclosure of personal information about identifiable individuals by Sun Peaks, and does not apply to information collected, used or disclosed with respect to corporate or commercial entities. This Policy does not apply to Sun Peaks’ existing or prospective employees, to whom a separate Sun Peaks Employee Privacy Policy applies (please contact Sun Peaks’ Privacy Officer for further information).
Because PIPA does not impose any requirements on Sun Peaks’ collection, use or disclosure of your business contact information or certain publicly-available information, this Policy does not apply to such information.
What information does Sun Peaks Resort collect?
As part of its business activities, Sun Peaks Resort may collect some or all of the following from you, either directly or from various other sources:
your age, marital and family status and citizenship;
your home address, home telephone number, cellular (mobile) phone number, home email address;
information about Sun Peaks products and services purchased by you;
information about your real estate purchases of property in the Sun Peaks Resort;
information about your use of utilities supplied by Sun Peaks Utilities Co., Ltd., if any;
financial and credit information about you, including credit card numbers and bank information;
physical abilities and attributes (e.g., age, height, weight, shoe size, experience) as they relate to the various activities which you may undertake at the Sun Peaks Resort (e.g. skiing, snowboarding, hiking, mountain biking, swimming, tennis, golf, etc.) or to equipment purchases and rentals; and
medical information as it relates to your fitness and ability to undertake various activities at the Sun Peaks Resort.
Sun Peaks Resort's Responsibility
Sun Peaks is accountable and responsible for protecting your personal information in its possession or custody, and will also try to provide a comparable level of protection when the information is being processed or managed by a third party on Sun Peaks’ behalf. Sun Peaks has designated a Privacy Officer to administer Sun Peaks’ compliance with this Policy (see below).
Sun Peaks Resort's Purposes for Collecting and Using Personal Information
Most of your personal information will be collected directly from you (e.g. through reservations, ticket purchases, equipment rentals, etc.). Some of your information may be collected from other sources such as credit bureaus, real estate agents, financial institutions and government sources, depending on Sun Peaks’ relationship with you.
Sun Peaks and its representatives may collect, use and disclose your personal information for the following purposes:
authenticating your identity;
operating, maintaining and promoting the Sun Peaks Resort and providing related outdoor recreation and safety services, facilities and equipment;
understanding customer needs regarding services relating to the Sun Peaks Resort and real estate sales and management by Sun Peaks;
assessing your credit-worthiness (including through credit and reference checks) for real estate rentals and purchases and utilities purchases;
providing and administering Sun Peaks’ services, including: organizing, promoting and hosting special events such as races, contests, and competitions; providing instruction related to various recreational activities; providing real estate sales and property management services; and providing daycare services;
providing utility services (water, sewer and gas) to residents of Sun Peaks Resort through Sun Peaks Utilities Co., Ltd.;
tracking use of Sun Peaks’ services and facilities;
maintaining accurate customer records;
processing and collecting payments and debts owed to Sun Peaks;
establishing and maintaining communications with customers, contractors and consultants relating to Sun Peaks’ various products and services, and responding to inquiries and resolving complaints;
protecting Sun Peaks, you and others from fraud and error; and
complying with legal requirements and acting pursuant to legal authorizations.
If Sun Peaks wants to use your personal information for a new purpose, it will obtain your consent to do so unless the new use is otherwise authorized by law.
Disclosure
Sun Peaks will not disclose your personal information for purposes other than those for which it was collected, except with your consent or as required or permitted by law.
Consent
Sun Peaks will obtain your consent to collect, use or disclose personal information, except where Sun Peaks is authorized or required by law to do so without your consent. For example, Sun Peaks may collect, use or disclose personal information without your knowledge or consent if the information is publicly available, Sun Peaks is obtaining legal advice, or Sun Peaks reasonably expects that obtaining consent would compromise an investigation or proceeding. Other exceptions may also apply.
Your consent can be given expressly, impliedly or through an authorized representative such as a lawyer, agent or broker. It can also be given verbally, in writing, electronically, through inaction (e.g. if Sun Peaks notifies you that it wants to collect, use or disclose your personal information for a specific purpose and you do not object).
You may withdraw your consent at any time (subject to certain legal and contractual restrictions) if you give Sun Peaks reasonable notice in writing. After Sun Peaks receives such notice, it will inform you of the likely consequences of withdrawing consent, which may include its inability to provide certain services to you or to continue its relationship with you.
Limits on Sun Peaks Resort's Collection of Personal Information
Sun Peaks will not collect personal information indiscriminately and will limit its collection of your personal information to what is reasonably necessary for the purposes which have been described. Sun Peaks may also collect information as authorized or required by law.
Limits for Using, Disclosing and Retaining Personal Information
Sun Peaks will only use and disclose your personal information for the purposes which are listed in this Policy or to which you have otherwise consented, or as authorized or required by law.
Sun Peaks will keep personal information used to make a decision affecting you for at least one year after using it to make the decision.
Sun Peaks will destroy, erase or make anonymous any documents or other records containing personal information as soon as it is reasonable to assume that: (a) the original purpose is no longer being served by retention of the information, and (b) retention is no longer necessary for legal or business purposes.
Sun Peaks will take due care when destroying personal information to prevent unauthorized access to such information.
Accuracy
Sun Peaks will make a reasonable effort to ensure that personal information it is using or disclosing is accurate and complete. In most cases, Sun Peaks will rely on you to ensure that information is current, complete and accurate. Sun Peaks’ Correction Request Procedure is found at www.sunpeaksresort.com or directly from the Sun Peaks Privacy Officer.
If you demonstrate the inaccuracy or incompleteness of personal information, Sun Peaks will amend the information as required. If possible and appropriate, Sun Peaks will send the amended information to third parties to whom such information has been previously disclosed.
If you challenge Sun Peaks’ decision regarding the accuracy of your personal information (see below regarding access to and correction of your personal information) and your challenge is not resolved to your satisfaction, Sun Peaks will annotate the personal information under its control with a note that a correction was requested but not made.
Safeguarding Personal Information
Sun Peaks protects the personal information in its custody or control by making reasonable security arrangements to prevent unauthorized access, collection, use, disclosure, copying, modification, disposal or similar risks.
Sun Peaks will take reasonable steps, through contractual or other reasonable means, to ensure that a comparable level of personal information protection is implemented by the suppliers and others whom Sun Peaks asks to assist in providing goods and services to Sun Peaks.
Note that confidentiality and security may not be assured when information is transmitted through e-mail or wireless communication.
Providing Access
You have a right to access your personal information held by Sun Peaks, in accordance with Sun Peaks’ Access Request Procedure found at www.sunpeaksresort.com or directly from the Sun Peaks Privacy Officer.
Upon written request and authentication of your identity, Sun Peaks will provide you with your personal information under its control, information about the ways in which that information is being used and a description of the individuals and organizations to whom such information has been disclosed.
Sun Peaks will respond with the requested personal information within 30 days or provide written notice where additional time is required to fulfil the request. Sun Peaks will inform you in advance of the cost to provide your information.
In some situations, Sun Peaks may not be able to provide you with access to certain personal information. This may be the case where, for example, disclosure would reveal personal information about another individual, the personal information is protected by solicitor/client privilege, the information was collected for the purpose of an investigation or where disclosure of the information would reveal confidential commercial information that, if disclosed, could harm Sun Peaks’ competitive position. Sun Peaks may also be prevented by law from providing access to certain personal information.
Where an access request is refused in whole or in part, Sun Peaks will notify you in writing, giving the reason for refusal and outlining further steps which are available to you.
Downloadable PDFs
Request for access to personal information (non-employees)
Request for correction of personal information (non-employees)
Complaints
Sun Peaks’ complaint procedure is found at www.sunpeaksresort.com or directly from the Sun Peaks Privacy Officer.
Privacy Offer
Any inquiries, complaints or questions regarding this Policy or Sun Peaks’ compliance with privacy legislation should be directed in writing to Sun Peaks’ Privacy Officer as follows:
Sun Peaks Resort LLP
Attention: Privacy Officer
1280 Alpine Road
Sun Peaks, BC, Canada
V0E 5N0
or by electronic mail to: privacy@sunpeaksresort.com
Top
Online Tickets
Secure your ticket! Buy online in advance.
Search
Search
Close
Current Conditions
Metric to Imperial converter
°C/cm
°F/in
Top of the World
Elevation: 2,080m
°C
Mid-mountain
Elevation: 1,855m
°C
Valley
Elevation: 1,255m
°C
24 Hr Snow
cm
7 Day Snow
cm
lifts Open
/13
Trails Open
/138
Webcams
Weather & Conditions
Lifts & Trails Status
Close
Next
Previous
Close
0.78