https://www.texascyclesport.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Texas Cyclesport Privacy Policy Effective April 2001
At Texas Cyclesport Inc., your right to privacy and the transfer of personal data is a primary concern. When you visit TxCyclesport.com or TexasCyclesport.com, we help maintain control over your personal data transmitted over the Internet. Below are the guidelines we have established to protect the information our customers provide us during a visit to our Internet site.
Our mission is to promote trust and purchasing confidence on the Internet by advocating ethical On-Line business practices.
Texas Cyclesport and Our Customers Personal Information
In a few areas on our Website, we may ask you to provide information that will enable us to enhance your visit. Other information maybe used to assist our customers in product support issues or even to follow up with our customers after your visit or purchase. It is completely optional for customers to participate.
We do request information from our customers on the following:
Registering for a purchase or promotional special on TxCyclesport.com or TexasCyclesport.com
When placing an order.
Providing us feedback from an online survey.
Participating in promotional offers i.e. win a frame or bicycle.
Requests of E-mail notifications of a customers order status.
Subscription to our E-mail list and Specials.
Requests of E-mail support, product(s) and pricing.
In each of the instances above, we may ask for your name, e-mail address, phone number, address, business name and product preference information, as well as other similar personal information that is needed to register or subscribe customers to our offers. We will inform you if we ask for significantly different information. In the case of E-mail Specials, you will be able to "unsubscribe" to our E-mail Specials at any time.
Confidential Personal Information
The information our customers provide is kept confidential and is primarily used to support and enhance customer relationships with Texas Cyclesport. Additionally, we want to assist our customers in finding information quickly as well as updating our customers with information on new products and special offers. Web services or contractors of Texas Cyclesport who have access to your personal information are required to keep the information confidential and not use it for any other purpose than to carry out the services they are performing for Texas Cyclesport. Texas Cyclesport may enhance or merge your information collected at its site with data from third parties for purposes of marketing products or services to you.
Texas Cyclesport does not disclose Our Customers Personal Information to any outside Organization without Customer Consent
Information regarding our customers (such as name, address and phone number) orders and the products purchased will not be given or sold to any outside organization for its use in marketing or solicitation without the customers consent. However, information may be shared with contractors of Texas Cyclesport for the purpose of performing services for Texas Cyclesport.
E-Commerce
The On-Line store at TxCyclesport.com or TexasCyclesport.com has been designed to protect our customer's privacy concerning: credit card information, name, address, e-mail and any other information that our customers may provide us. Texas Cyclesport is committed to data security as we offer the industry standard security measures available through your browser called SSL encryption. If at any time, customers who do not want to provide their credit card information On-Line and would like to make a purchase via telephone, they can call 512-264-2771. It has always been and will always be a practice of Texas Cyclesport to telephone or E-mail our customers in the event of potential order problems i.e. credit card fraud, out-of-stock items, re-calculation of shipping and sending of products.
Cookies
"Cookies" are new technologies that help us deliver a better customer experience and are primarily used to help us determine which service is appropriate to your computer. Additionally, cookies assist and enhance your shopping experience in our On-Line Store. Our use of this technology does not mean that we automatically know any information about you. We might be able to ascertain what type of browser and computer our customers are using. Beyond that, our use of cookies is designed only to provide and enhance our customers with a better shopping experience. Texas Cyclesport has no intent or desire to infringe on our customers privacy while using the TxCyclesport.com or TexasCyclesport.com.
Third-Party Sites
The practices and information received by third-party websites linked to TxCyclesport.com or TexasCyclesport.com are not covered by this privacy policy.
Customers are solely responsible for maintaining the security passwords or any other account information. While using the Internet and TxCyclesport.com or TexasCyclesport.com please be careful and responsible. Posting personal information On-Line that maybe accessible to the public and customers may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return. At Texas Cyclesport, we strive to protect your customer's personal information. However, Texas Cyclesport cannot ensure, is not responsible and will not warranty the security of any information our customers transmit to us On-Line.
Other Websites
Texas Cyclesport, Inc. is not responsible for the privacy practices of the websites that it does not operate.
Contact Texas Cyclesport
If you would like to contact us for any reason regarding our privacy policy, please call 512-264-2771 or E-mail us at the following address: info@TxCyclesport.com
×