http://www.better-body.com/zstore/index.php?main_page=privacy
Home
Store Home
Log In
Welcome to the Better Body Store
Categories
Accessories (2)
Membership (1)
Packages (2)
Videos (1)
New Products ...
All Products ...
New Products  [more]
ABS Video$21.00
Reviews  [more]
There are currently no product reviews.
Information
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Notice
Conditions of Use
Contact Us
Site Map
Newsletter Unsubscribe
Store Home ::
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
Effective 1/1/2004
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide
this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can
make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice
easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where
personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Better
Body Online Store website. On some pages, you can order products, make requests,
and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected
at these pages are:
Name
Address
Email address
Phone number
(etc.)
On some pages, you can submit information about other people. For example, if
you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will
need to submit the recipient's address. In this circumstance, the types of
personal information collected are:
Name
Address
Phone Number
(etc.)
The Way We Use Information:
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only
to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties
except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order
only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this
information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that
order.
We offer gift-cards by which you can personalize a product you order for
another person. Information you provide to us to create a gift-card is only used
for that purpose, and it is only disclosed to the person receiving the gift.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses
are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
You can register with our website if you would like to receive our catalog as
well as updates on our new products and services. Information you submit on our
website will not be used for this purpose unless you fill out the registration
form.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website
and to share with advertisers. For example, we may tell an advertiser that X
number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, or that Y number of
men and Z number of women filled out our registration form, but we would not
disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information
provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also
providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated
uses.
Our Commitment To Data Security:
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the
correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical,
electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we
collect online.
Our Commitment To Children's Privacy:
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that
reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we
actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract
anyone under 13.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your
Information:
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect
online and maintain by logging in and clicking on my account in the above menu.
We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.
How To Contact Us:
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies,
please send us an email at sales@better-body.com.
Search
Advanced Search
Bestsellers
Training and Nutrition Log Book
Membership (monthly, recurring)
ABS Video
ABS Starter Kit
T-Shirt
Currencies
US Dollar
Euro
Better Body Home
Store Home
Your IP Address is:
72.182.10.230
Copyright © 2020 Better Body Online Store. Powered by Zen Cart