https://www.fileygolfclub.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content Skip to footerFiley Golf Club – Privacy Statement
PLEASE READ OUR WEBSITE PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY. BY PROVIDING US WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION YOU CONSENT TO US HANDLING IT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
About this Privacy Policy
Why we collect, hold, use and disclose personal information
We collect, hold, use and disclose personal information for purposes relating to the golf club and activities. We may collect, hold, use and disclose your personal information for one or more of the following purposes: (a) managing our customer relationship with you; and (b) complying with our legal or regulatory obligations.
What kinds of personal information we collect
The kinds of personal information that we may collect, and hold include your name, address, phone number, mobile phone number, email address, and any other information that you provide to us. If you do not provide us with all or some of the personal information that we request, then we may not be able to provide you with all the services we offer.
What kinds of website visitor information we collect
Our website analytics provider (Google) also collects, on our behalf, information about visitors to this Website using a range of tools including cookies and session tools. When you visit this Website our website analytics provider may collect your server address, domain name, operating system, browser type, pages accessed, documents downloaded, previous visits, referring website, and visit date and time. We use this information collected by our website analytics provider for the purpose of maintaining and improving this Website and enhancing your experience browsing this Website.
How we collect personal information
We collect personal information for the purpose of carrying out our function of managing the membership. We usually collect personal information directly from you when you communicate with us by email, telephone, facsimile, letter, form, card or other means. For example, we may collect your personal information directly from you when: (i) you request us to provide you with our services; (ii) you request us to provide you with assistance or support for our services; (iii) you request us to provide you with information about our services; (iv) you complete a survey or provide feedback in respect of our services; (v) you enter a competition or promotion organised by us; or (vi) you apply for a position as an employee or contractor with us.
How we hold and protect personal information
We hold personal information that we collect in both electronic and physical storage facilities including computer databases and paper-based files. We protect personal information that we hold from misuse, interference and loss, and from unauthorised access, modification or disclosure using both electronic and physical security measures which include secure databases, password access, anti-virus software, data transfer encryption and firewalls.
How we disclose personal information
We disclose personal information to third parties for the purpose of carrying out our functions and activities, in particular, Club Systems and our online booking partner BRS by Golf Now to enable members and visitors to book a tee time online. These third parties may be located in England or other countries including the United States. We will not disclose your personal information to any other third parties without your consent except where required or authorised by law. For example, we will not sell, trade or rent your personal information to any third party for marketing purposes without your consent.
How you may access and correct your personal information
You have the right to request access to, and correction of, or deletion of, any of your personal information that we hold. If you wish to access, correct, delete or update any of your personal information that we hold, please contact us using the contact details on this site. You will be required to verify your identity before you will be permitted to access, correct or update any of your personal information that we hold.
How to make an enquiry or complaint
If you have an enquiry or complaint about our handling of your personal information, please contact us using the contact details on this site. Our Data Protection Officer is responsible for dealing with enquiries and investigating complaints about our handling of personal information.
How we update this Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time to take into account changes in our information handling practices by publishing an updated version of this Privacy Policy on this Website. You should regularly review the most recent version of this Privacy Policy available on this Website.
Our contact details
You may contact us using the contact details available on this site.
This Privacy Policy is effective as of 24th May 2018.
Updated 14th May 2020
FooterCookie Consent