http://www.adurcanoeclub.org.uk/about-us/privacy-cookie-policy/
Toggle navigation
Adur Canoe Club
Home
About
What we do
Membership
FAQs
Our Code of Conduct
Privacy & Cookie Policy
Docs
Calendar
News
Blogs & Trip reports
Gallery
Contact
Last updated: October 22, 2018
Adur Canoe club (“us”, “we”, or “our”) uses cookies on the www.adurcanoeclub.org.uk website (the “Service”). By using the Service, you consent to the use of cookies.
Our Cookies Policy explains what cookies are, how we use cookies, how third-parties we may partner with may use cookies on the Service, your choices regarding cookies and further information about cookies. More details of our Privacy Policies can be found in our Club Manual
What are cookies
Cookies are small pieces of text sent to your web browser by a website you visit. A cookie file is stored in your web browser and allows the Service or a third-party to recognize you and make your next visit easier and the Service more useful to you.
Cookies can be “persistent” or “session” cookies. Persistent cookies remain on your personal computer or mobile device when you go offline, while session cookies are deleted as soon as you close your web browser.
How Adur Canoe Club uses cookies
When you use and access the Service, we may place a number of cookie files in your web browser.
We use cookies for the following purposes: To enable certain functions of the Service. We use both session and persistent cookies on the Service and we use different types of cookies to run the Service.
What are your choices regarding cookies
If you’d like to delete cookies or instruct your web browser to delete or refuse cookies, please visit the help pages of your web browser.
Please note, however, that if you delete cookies or refuse to accept them, you might not be able to use all of the features we offer, you may not be able to store your preferences, and some of our pages might not display properly.
For the Chrome web browser, please visit this page from Google: https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/32050
For the Internet Explorer web browser, please visit this page from Microsoft: http://support.microsoft.com/kb/278835
For the Firefox web browser, please visit this page from Mozilla: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/delete-cookies-remove-info-websites-stored
For the Safari web browser, please visit this page from Apple: https://support.apple.com/guide/safari/manage-cookies-and-website-data-sfri11471/mac
For any other web browser, please visit your web browser’s official web pages.
Where can you find more information about cookies
You can learn more about cookies and the following third-party websites:
AllAboutCookies: http://www.allaboutcookies.org/
Network Advertising Initiative: http://www.networkadvertising.org/
Tide Times
ACC Website CookiesThis website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.AcceptReject Read Morehttp://www.adurcanoeclub.org.uk/about-us/privacy-cookie-policy/
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.