https://www.alwaysdream.org/privacy
Skip to content
HOME(current)
ABOUT
PROGRAM
EVENTS
Annual Gala
Past Events
DONATE
Internet Privacy Policy
The Always Dream Foundation respects the personal privacy of visitors to alwaysdream.org. Read this Internet Privacy Policy carefully to understand what information we collect through our website, what we do with that information and how to safeguard the personal information you provide to us. Our goal in outlining our policy on the collection and use of information is to ensure the highest level of confidentiality and security. The Always Dream Foundation does not give or sell personal information or email addresses to any outside company for its use in marketing or solicitation without your permission, which may be express or implied.
How we Collect Information
When you browse alwaysdream.org, you do so anonymously. Personal information—including your e-mail address—is not collected. However, there are three (3) ways in which alwaysdream.org may collect information about you.
1. Email Addresses. The Always Dream Foundation collects email addresses from those that have requested more information or have donated funds for our charitable mission. ADF may use your email address to send you emails from the Foundation, including calendar events, invitations and newsletters. To unsubscribe to any or all ADF emails, contact info@alwaysdream.org.
2. Mailing Addresses. The Always Dream Foundation collects mailing addresses of those that request information about our programs or have donated funds for our charitable mission. ADF may send brochures or other informational items by mail. To opt out of any mailings from the Foundation, contact info@alwaysdream.org.
3. Cookies. Many websites, including this one, use cookies, pieces of numeric data stored on your computer so that we can identify when you return to our website. The Always Dream Foundation can only “read” cookies that are placed on your computer from our own website. Usage of cookies is not linked to any personally identifiable information. You can select to disable cookies by changing your browser settings.
Non-personal information collected through cookies includes, but is not limited to, your Internet Protocol Address (“IP Address”), the type and version of browser or operating system, and the website you may have come from and visit next. Aggregate site traffic information, such as demographic statistics of our users (e.g. average age), number of visitors, average time spent on alwaysdream.org and content click throughs are also considered non-personal information. The Always Dream Foundation uses this information to monitor and improve the operation of alwaysdream.org, to perform statistical analyses of the collective characteristics and behavior of our users, to measure user demographics and interests regarding specific alwaysdream.org services, to describe our services to third parties such as prospective business partners and to analyze how and where best to use our resources. No Personal Information will be disclosed during these activities.
SECURITY
Access to information is limited to those who specifically need it to conduct their business responsibilities. We use security techniques designed to protect our information—especially information that is used by employees and business partners to fulfill services. In addition to providing you with the opportunity to refuse marketing offers, we release information only at your request, or when required to do so by law or other regulatory authority. When a court order or subpoena requires us to release information, we will notify you directly so that your legal rights can be exercised, if appropriate. The only exceptions to this policy are when we are prohibited by court order or law from notifying you, or cases in which fraud and/or criminal activity is suspected. Finally, each ADF employee is personally responsible for maintaining viewer and customer confidentiality. All ADF employees are required to sign an agreement that they will comply with these policies. Employees who violate these policies are subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment.
USE AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION
By providing your personal information, ADF provides an enhanced online experience. If you provide us with your e-mail address, or have done so in the past, we may send you email offers, invitations or newsletters. These email communications will come from alwaysdream.org. Your information or email address is never given or sold to a third party. All offers are carefully developed to guarantee that they meet our standards and that you will find them of value. At any time, you may request to discontinue receiving these communications by simply replying to the e-mail address included in every e-mail message that you receive.
From time to time, we may offer contests or other promotions. If you enter a contest or participate in a promotional event, we will ask you to provide information about yourself (such as your name, address, and email address). Among other things, we will need this information to contact you if you win, and we may also use this information for marketing purposes. We may share this information with co-sponsors of the contest or promotional event; co-sponsors will be identified in the contest rules. We may also share this information with other third-party service providers that help administer our contests and promotional events, such as by conducting drawings and/or delivering prizes to winners. If you do not want to provide the requested information or have the information provided to co-sponsors or other third-party service providers, please do not enter the contest or participate in the promotional event.
At times, our partners/co-sponsors might collect personal information on alwaysdream.org or on-site at an ADF event. The collection of this information is clearly marked as information being collected by or for a third party, and providing such information is strictly voluntary. ADF may help facilitate the collection of the information by providing forms and collection boxes for the partner/co-sponsor. Sometimes this information is shared with the Always Dream Foundation, though we will only market to you if you have given us permission. Information gathered in this manner is shared with our partners/co-sponsors; and other information you may have previously provided to us remains private. We do monitor URL click-throughs found in our email messages. The click-through rate is reviewed in order to track (i) participation in contests to judge effectiveness and award prizes; (ii) viewer interests; and/or (iii) response rates for ADF-marketing purposes or to report to others, in aggregate form only, the response of viewers. Individual activity is never shared with third parties.
Protecting the Privacy of Children
Children should always get permission from their parents before sending any information about themselves (such as their names, email addresses and phone numbers) over the Internet, to us or to anyone else. Alwaysdream.org is not directed at children under the age of 13 and we will not knowingly allow anyone under 13 to provide us any personal identifying information. If you are under the age of 13, do not provide any information about yourself.
Other Disclosures
Third-party Internet sites and services accessible through alwaysdream.org have separate privacy and information collection practices, independent of us. ADF has no responsibility or liability for these independent policies or actions. You are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords, membership ID, or any account information. Please be careful and responsible whenever you are online. If you post personal information online that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return. While we aim to protect your personal information, ADF cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk.
Changes to this Privacy Statement
If we change our privacy policy, the Always Dream Foundation will post the changes to this Internet Privacy Policy on this website. By visiting alwaysdream.org you agree that your visit, and any dispute over privacy, is governed by this Internet Privacy Policy.
This policy was last modified on November 1, 2013
If you have questions regarding this privacy policy, contact the Always Dream Foundation at info@alwaysdream.org
Always Dream Foundation
125 Railroad Ave
Suite 203
Danville, CA 94526
The Always Dream Foundation is a 501(c) 3 nonprofit organization.
Our Federal ID No. is 94-3255817.
CONTACT US
PRIVACY POLICY
TERMS OF USE
JOIN US
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER