http://www.massresort.com/about/accessibility/privacy-policy/
COVID-19
Opening Info, Policies, & Winter Season Updates
Click for info.
Explore
Stay
Play
Relax
Shop
Dine
Accessibility
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms And Conditions, Privacy Statement And Disclaimer Notice
Use Of Personal Information
Great Eastern Resort Management, Inc. dba Massanutten Resort® is the sole owner of the information collected on www.massresort.com. Massanutten Resort collects information from our users at several different points on our website through cookies, log files, and/or third parties (including Facebook) to create a profile of our users. To protect your privacy, Massanutten Resort® does not sell or trade personally identifiable information that guests voluntarily provide in any registration or contest submission. This personal information is used to better understand visitors’ use of the Massanutten Resort site, which helps us provide stronger content and functionality appropriate to visitors’ needs. We do not share your profile with other parties.
Log Files
Like most standard website servers, we use log files that record user activities and information when visiting the website. These log files capture Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamp to analyze trends, administer the site, track user movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. Data collected are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Tracking Clicked Links
In order to create a better electronic community, we track patterns of use in the emails we send out. We note which links are clicked in our email communications to tell us what areas are of most interest to our opt-in recipients. We may use this information to better personalize the content and promotions that we send you in future mailings. A “referrer” is the information passed along by a Web browser that references the Web URL you linked from and is automatically gathered by our Web server. This information is used to identify broad demographic trends that may be used to provide information tailored to your interests. You will not be personally identified from this information.
Communications From The Site
Members of the site will occasionally receive newsletters, information on services, or special deals. Out of respect for the privacy of our users, we present the option to not receive these types of communications. If a user wishes to subscribe to our newsletter, we ask for contact information such as name and email address. Out of respect for our users’ privacy, we provide a way to opt-out of these communications. Please see the Opt-Out section below.
Security
This website takes every precaution to protect our users’ information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, their information is protected both online and off-line. All of our users’ information is restricted in our datacenters. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personally identifiable information. ALL employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices. The servers that store personally identifiable information are in a secure environment.
Legal Disclaimer
Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order, or legal process served on our website.
Opt-Out Policy
Massanutten Resort® will use email addresses and other personally identifiable information to contact visitors who communicate with us. For example, we email visitors who provide us with their email addresses for specific purposes such as receiving our email newsletters. After gathering any user information, Massanutten Resort® offers users the opportunity to remove their information from our database so as not to receive future communications or to no longer interact with the website until they later chose to. Each email communication always contains instructions on how to discontinue receipt. If a visitor at any time chooses to no longer receive such information and opt-out from any future mailings, they will have the opportunity to do so.
Notification Of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected. If, however, we are going to use a user’s personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection we will notify users via email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. However, if users have opted out of all communication with the site, then they will not be contacted, nor will their personal information be used in this new manner. In some cases where we post a notice, we will also email users who have opted to receive communications from us, notifying them of the changes in our privacy practices.
Web Linking Policy
Massanutten Resort® welcomes links to our site. All external links to www.massresort.com should be clearly identified. We believe strongly in the utility of hyperlinks, which allow you to point directly to content, whether on the same site or an external site. Please use the headline of the link to which you would like to connect from www.massresort.com.
Limitations On Use
Please do not copy any editorial content and paste it directly on to your site. Do not attribute a link on your site to Massanutten Resort® and then link to another site. For specific questions regarding brand standards, registered marks, trademarks and logo usage, contact marketing@massresort.com.
Cookies
This website uses cookies to improve your website experience and collect statistical data. By continuing to browse this site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Please refer to our Privacy Policy for more information on the data we collect and learn how you can manage your cookies preferences.
Share This Page
Copyright © 2020 Massanutten Resort - All Rights Reserved.
Top