http://www.ustrotting.com/policies/privacy.cfm
The U.S. Trotting Association Privacy Policy
Introduction
This statement by the U.S. Trotting Association (USTA) is intended to reveal the Association's policy in regard to handling data obtained from its members and others with whom it has business, such as Association members; subscribers to its online services; purchasers of other USTA-produced or USTA-distributed goods and services.
The United States Trotting Association is a not-for-profit organization charged by its membership with many tasks, including: maintaining the breeding and performance records for the Standardbred breed and the sport of harness racing; promulgating rules; licensing participants; promoting the breed and the sport. Our efforts, as they relate to this statement, are designed to be consistent with these aims, balanced with the interests of our members, customers, and business partners.
Copyright
As part of its services, the USTA compiles data on racing and breeding as reported to the Association by its members. While every effort is made to ensure the accuracy of this data, no warranty is made as to its accuracy, merchantability, or suitability for any specific purpose. Our compilation of racing and breeding data is copyrighted by the U.S. Trotting Association, and appropriate copyright statements are published online or in printed documents.
Our Efforts to Guarantee Security
The U.S. Trotting Association's computer systems are protected, as aggressively as possible, through the use of a software "firewall," and standard i.d. and password protection. We also aggressively work to ensure that our information technology operations, including our e-mail system, are operated in a virus-free environment.
While every effort is made to ensure the security of our systems, no guarantees regarding security or viruses can be given.
Privacy
The U.S. Trotting Association does not share, barter, exchange, license, nor otherwise market data regarding its individual members or customers. There are, however, exceptions to this statement of policy. The USTA, for example, must surrender data and record when directed to do so by courts or government agencies. And the USTA will provide data to third party vendors needed to complete a commercial transaction on our behalf. For example, we may give a name and address to a book publisher who will, in turn, ship a product to a customer if the USTA does not actually print or distribute such a book. The Association will also provide data to collection or credit reporting agencies in conjunction with efforts to collect past-due balances owed to the Association.
Data Made Pubic
Portions of the printed and online publications produced by the Association are by nature public forums, from which data supplied by our members and customers may be gleaned by anyone. This may include, but not be limited to e-mail addresses published in other forms, such as in conjunction with "letters to the editor" or other printed forums, in our magazine, Hoof Beats. It is presumed that these e-mail addresses were provided to us for publication.
Data Policies
The USTA collects and stores data appropriate to several tasks, including but not limited to: the assembling of breeding and racing data; listing the names and addresses of its members; corresponding with our members and licensees, and collecting accounting information regarding the sale of USTA products and providing of services.
The Association does not sell, barter, exchange, or otherwise market demographic or financial data concerning its members or customers, nor does it share this data with third parties except as necessary to complete commercial transactions as mentioned above.
The Association DOES market lists containing the names and mailing addresses of its members, but it DOES NOT sell, barter, exchange, or otherwise market any e-mail addresses.
The USTA Internet programs do not place data files known as "cookies" on any computer except for one very limited purpose: they are placed on some systems to aid the USTA in identifying individuals who subscribe to our Internet-based pay services.
From time to time, the USTA will send e-mail announcements to those who subscribe to our pay services or who have provided their e-mail address to us. The purpose of this communication is to inform persons on this list of new or reduced-price services and special industry or USTA-sponsored events.
Photos
Photos which appear on any U.S. Trotting Association-administered Web site may, if originally produced by the USTA, be reproduced, but subject to the following conditions:
Photos may be reproduced only if originally taken by USTA-employed staff photographers; photos sent to the USTA by other photographers, or those which were taken by free-lance photographers under contract to the USTA, may not be reproduced in any fashion.
Photos eligible for reproduction will be clearly labeled on USTA sites as USTA photos, or with words similar to those; however the USTA cannot grant permission to use USTA-produced photos which appear on Web sites not administered by the USTA.
Second, USTA-produced photographs eligible to be reproduced may not in turn, be sold, bartered, or in any manner exchanged, whether for free, for a price, or any other consideration.
Those who reproduce USTA-produced photos must accompany them with the following caption: USTA photo; may not be reproduced without permission of the USTA.
Credit Card Information
The U.S. Trotting Association does not maintain lists of credit card numbers or other credit card information. Instead, the USTA submits such information to billing firms that confirm that the credit information is correct and that the transaction will be accepted by the credit card issuer. Currently, the USTA contracts with CyberSourceTM to perform this service. Persons wishing to know more about CyberSourceTM and its privacy policy should visit its Web site at https://www.cybersource.com/en-EMEA/privacy/.
The Actions of Others
The U.S. Trotting Association accepts Internet content from others, including advertisers. The USTA cannot monitor all content for accuracy, nor can we assure visitors to our site that these advertisers, on the own Web sites, adhere to the same privacy policies which the USTA has established in respect to this site. You should refer to these Web sites for more information on the privacy policies put in place by such firms.
Changes
The U.S. Trotting Association shall, from time to time, modify this notice as changes become necessary, and will post any changes as soon as they become effective.
Comments
Persons wishing to comment on this policy, or have any questions about it, may contact the U.S. Trotting Association via e-mail at:
webmaster@ustrotting.com
Or via mail by writing to:
Webmaster
The U.S. Trotting Association
6130 S. Sunbury Rd.
Westerville, Ohio 43081