http://www.wpcs.com.au/terms
About
History
StructureHonorary Members and Past Presidents of the Society
Committee of Management Office Bearers 1969-2012
Distinguished Services Award
Society Rules & Regulations
Vision Statement
Historic News Articles
News
Forms & Info
Member InformationHorse & Pony articles
Pony Registrations
Membership
Publications
Information for RPGsElectronic Media & Promotions
Meetings
Shows & Events
Procedures Manual & newsletters
Insurance & Risk Management
Colours & Markings
Bequests/Donations
Sponsorship
Young MembersYouth Encouragement Program
National Young Judges
AHIC News
Annual General Meeting 2020
Frequently Asked Questions
Breed Sections
The Breed For All The Family
Welsh Mountain (A)
Welsh (B)
Welsh Pony of Cob Type (C)
Welsh Cob (D)
Welsh Gelding (E)
Part Welsh
Other DisciplinesDressage
Working Hunter
Show Hunter
Harness
Performance
Native Pony
Showing
20th International Welsh Show 2019
Showing Information
Members Handbook / Workouts
WPCS Photo Gallery
Judging
Competitions & Awards
Show Regulations / Insurance waivers / COVID-19
Show results2018 Welsh National Show Results
ARC - Australian Welsh & Part Welsh Ridden Championship
Shop
Contact
National Office
Regional Promotional Groups
Committee of Management
Other useful Web site linksNew Zealand WPCS
WPCS UK Society
Stallions at Stud
Sponsors
Advertisers
Home
> Terms
Terms
CopyrightThis site and its contents are subject to copyright. The site material copyright is owned by The Welsh Pony & Cob Society of Australia Inc, or in the case of some material, a third party. The site function and operation copyright is owned by The Welsh Pony & Cob Society of Australia Inc. You may view this site and its contents using your web browser and electronically copy and print hard copies of parts of this site solely for personal, non-commercial use. Any other use, including the reproduction, modification, distribution, transmission, republication, display or performance, of the content of this site is strictly prohibited. TrademarksThis site includes registered trademarks, and other trademarks that are otherwise protected by law. Except as expressly authorised, the use or misuse of any of these trademarks is strictly prohibited. Included Trademarks and Registered Trademarks are Trademarks of their respective owners. DisclaimerYou agree that your access to, and use of, this site is subject to these terms and all applicable laws, and is at your own risk. This site and its contents are provided to you on "as is" basis, the site may contain errors, faults and inaccuracies and may not be complete and current. The Welsh Pony & Cob Society of Australia Inc makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied as to the operation of this site or the information, content, materials or products included on this site, except as otherwise provided under applicable laws. Neither The Welsh Pony & Cob Society of Australia Inc, nor its affiliates, directors, officers, employees, agents, contractors, successors or assigns will be liable for any damages whatsoever arising out of, or in any way related to, the use of this site and any other site linked to this site. This limitation applies to direct, indirect, consequential, special, punitive or other damages you or others may suffer, as well as damages for loss of profits, business interruption or the loss of data or information. VirusesThe Welsh Pony & Cob Society of Australia Inc cannot guarantee that any file or program available for download and/or execution from or via this site is free from viruses or other conditions, which could damage or interfere with data, hardware or software with which it might be used. You assume all risk of use of all programs and files on this site, and you release The Welsh Pony & Cob Society of Australia Inc entirely of all responsibility for any consequences of its use. Third Party SitesThis site may contain links to third party sites. The Welsh Pony & Cob Society of Australia Inc is not responsible for the condition or content of those sites as they are not under The Welsh Pony & Cob Society of Australia Inc control. You access those sites and/or use the site's products and services solely at your own risk. The links are provided solely for your convenience and do not indicate, expressly or impliedly, an endorsement by The Welsh Pony & Cob Society of Australia Inc of the sites or the products or services provided on the site.The Welsh Pony & Cob Society of Australia Inc does not permit any linkages to this site without prior permission.Applicable LawThis site is controlled by The Welsh Pony & Cob Society of Australia Inc. Your use of this site is governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of Victoria, Australia. Disputes arising from your use of this site are exclusively subject to the jurisdiction of the courts of Victoria, Australia. This site may be accessed throughout Australia and overseas. The Welsh Pony & Cob Society of Australia Inc makes no representations that the content of this site complies with the laws (including intellectual property laws) of any country outside Australia. If you access this site from outside Australia, you do so at your own risk and are responsible for complying with the laws in the place where you access the site. PrivacyThe Welsh Pony & Cob Society of Australia Inc highly value the strong relationships we have with our customers. The collection of data at The Welsh Pony & Cob Society of Australia Inc is being handled with full and proper respect for the privacy of our customers. The data we collect is handled sensitively, securely and with proper regard to privacy. The Welsh Pony & Cob Society of Australia Inc does not disclose, distribute or sell the data we collect from our clients to third parties. This site uses a feature of your web browser known as "cookies" to store information and identify you to the system while your on a session. No personal details are contained in the cookies.
Latest News
North East Border RPG - Calendar for 2020
Events Calendar
Advertisers
Pony & Members Search
Membership Login
Regional Promotional Group
Ponies for Sale
© 2020 The Welsh Pony & Cob Society of Australia Inc, All rights reserved. Terms | Privacy | Site Map
Developed by IVT