http://www.edmontonsoccer.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Edmonton Minor Soccer Association and its affiliates (“EMSA”) are committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy sets out the EMSA policy with respect to our collection, use and disclosure of personal information
Contact Information
EMSA welcomes your comments regarding this Privacy Policy. If you believe that we have not adhered to this Policy or if you wish to review or edit your personal information, please contact us at: EMSA Office Location Edmonton South Soccer Centre 6520 Roper Road Edmonton, Alberta T6B 3K8 Canada Ph: 780-916-7977 Fax:780-490-1652 E-mail: dragosn@emsamain.com We will use reasonable efforts to address any concerns that you may have.
Collection of Personal Information
In your dealings with EMSA you may provide EMSA with personal information. Personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy means information that can be used to personally identify you or is associated with any such information, but does not include the name, title or business address or telephone number of an employee of an organization. We also may use “cookies” from time to time to help personalise your online experience with us. A cookie is a small text file that is stored on your computer to help us make your visit to our site more “user friendly”. Cookies provide us with information about your use of the site that can help us improve the site and your experience with it. Any personal information collected about you through cookies will be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you have set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies, you may receive a warning message with each cookie. You may refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser, however you should be aware that our site like most other popular sites may not work well with “cookies disabled”.
Use and Disclosure of Personal Information
EMSA will not sell, trade or rent your personal information to any third party unless we have your consent. We will only use and/or disclose personal information in order to:
understand and meet your needs and preferences;
develop new and enhance existing service and product offerings;
manage and develop our operations; and
meet legal and regulatory requirements.
Except where we are required by law to disclose personal information, we will require any person to whom we provide your personal information to agree to comply with our then current Privacy Policy. We will take reasonable efforts to ensure that they comply with our Privacy Policy, however we will have no liability to you if any person fails to do so. To be able to serve you, your personal information may be collected, stored and/or processed or otherwise used by or on our behalf both inside and outside of Canada by third party service providers or EMSA affiliates, to perform functions on our behalf. As a result, that country’s courts, governments or law enforcement agencies could obtain disclosure of such information under that country’s laws.
Security of Your Personal Information
Our site has security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse and unauthorized alteration of the information under our control. More specifically, our server or that service engaged as our processor for transactional purposes uses SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) security protection by encrypting all of your personal information including credit card number, name and address to prevent individuals from reading this information as it travels over the Internet.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
EMSA will occasionally update this Privacy Policy to reflect company and customer feedback or changes to privacy legislation. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy to be informed of how EMSA is protecting your personal information.
Withdrawal of Consent
Except as required by law, we will not use or disclose your personal information for any purpose for which you refuse us consent or later withdraw your consent. If you withdraw consent, you agree that in spite of this withdrawal we may continue to use the personal information previously provided to us to the extent that we are contractually obligated to do so and to the extent necessary to enforce any contractual obligations you may have to EMSA. You also understand that although you can use our site for some purposes without providing us with any personal information, we need personal information about you for some services, including those that require payment or involve an ongoing relationship with EMSA or our affiliates. If you refuse to provide us with the information we require or later withdraw your consent to use and disclose this information, we may no longer be able to provide you with these services.