https://www.hdpsc.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Harwich, Dovercourt and Parkeston Swimming Club
Official website for the Harwich, Dovercourt & Parkeston Swimming Club
Home
News
Events & Fixtures
Results
Biathlon
Essex League
Essex Mini League
Essex Age Group Championships
Harwich Open Results
House Gala
Time Trials
Personal Bests
Club Records
Open Meets
Championship Results
Championship Finals Points
Championship Finals Times
Championship Heats
Championship Records
Triathlon
Information
Swim England Speed Awards
Swimming Sessions & Membership
Opens
Price List
Nutritional Advice
Competition Tips
Swimwear Rules
Training Guidelines
Child Welfare
Codes of Conduct
Risk Assesment
Constitution
Swim England Child Safeguarding Policies
History
Contact
Committee
Privacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is: https://www.hdpsc.co.uk.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymised string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
Cookies
First Party Cookies
These are cookies which are set by this website directly.
Google Analytics: Like most websites, this site uses Google Analytics (GA) to track user interaction. Google Analytics stores information about the pages you visit, how long you are on the site, how you found this site and what you click on. This Analytics data is collected via a JavaScript tag in the pages of our site. None of this information personally identifies you to us. GA also records your computer’s IP address which could be used to personally identify you but Google do not grant us access to this.
You can find out more about Google’s position on privacy as regards its analytics service at support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites you visit tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
WordPress: This website runs the WordPress CMS and cookies are used to store basic data on your interactions with WordPress, and whether you have logged into WordPress. A session cookie is used to remember your log-in for you if you are a registered user and we deem these as being strictly necessary to the working of the website. If these session cookies are disabled then various functionality on the site will be broken.
More information on session cookies and what they are used for please visit www.allaboutcookies.org/cookies/session-cookies-used-for.html
Third Party Cookies
These are cookies set on your computer by external websites whose services are used on this site. Cookies of this type are the sharing buttons across the site allow visitors to share content onto social networks such as Facebook and Twitter. In order to implement these buttons, and connect them to the relevant social networks and external sites, there are scripts from domains outside of this website. You should be aware that these sites are likely to be collecting information about what you are doing all around the internet, including on this website.
You should check the respective policies of each of these sites to see how exactly they use your information and to find out how to opt out, or delete, such information
More information about cookies
If you do not know what cookies are, or how to control or delete them, then I recommend you visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org for detailed guidance.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Who we share your data with
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognise and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Your contact information
Additional information
How we protect your data
What data breach procedures we have in place
What third parties we receive data from
What automated decision making and/or profiling we do with user data
Industry regulatory disclosure requirements
Search HDPSC website
Search for:
Recent News & Blog Posts
SWIMMER OF THE GALA – Essex Mini League – 8th February 2020
February 9, 2020
SWIMMER OF THE GALA – Essex League 25th January 2020
January 28, 2020
Halstead Season Sprint Starter Open – 7 September 2019
September 8, 2019
SWIMMER OF THE GALA – Essex Mini League – 13 July 2019
July 14, 2019
SWIMMER OF THE GALA – Essex Mini League at Harwich on 8th June 2019
June 10, 2019
Upcoming Events & FixturesNo eventsView all events
Latest Club News
SWIMMER OF THE GALA – Essex Mini League – 8th February 2020
Swimmer of the gala was Sophie Cripps.
Swim England
© 2020 HDPSC. All rights reserved. | Privacy
Admin Log in
Web Design & Web Hosting by One Website Design
This site uses cookies. Read our cookie policy.I accept