https://www.falkirkfc.co.uk/our-policies/
Skip to content
News Fixtures TeamPlayers Staff
Tickets Retail 50/50 Tickets Foundation Hospitality The ClubContact Matchday Guide Facilities 1876 Club Junior Bairns Bairns Business Our Policies
Falkirk TV
OUR POLICIES
ANTI-RACISMDEFINITION OF A RACIST INCIDENT:
A racist incident is any incident that is perceived to be racist by the victim, or any other person.
INTRODUCTION
Falkirk Football Club operates a zero-tolerance policy towards racism. It aims to create and maintain an environment for staff and spectators, free from racial harassment, abuse and violence.
Everyone connected with the club has a responsibility to prevent racist behaviour and as such, are responsible not only for their behaviour but that of others.
Proven racist harassment, abuse or violence by an employee will result in disciplinary action by the club and, if appropriate, action by the police. Similarly, such behaviour by a spectator will result in a life ban from the club. The club will encourage and be fully supportive of any criminal investigation.
Club employees, especially security staff, are obliged to report all racist incidents to the club, or to a police officer. It is NOT the sole responsibility of the victim of such abuse to initiate action. Racial abuse or racist behaviour of any kind is itself the trigger for action.
RACIAL HARASSMENT
Racial harassment is any verbal, physical, written or visible abuse that is aggravated by the race, ethnic background, nationality, language, skin colour or cultural background of a person and is unacceptable and offensive to that person.
EXAMPLES OF RACIAL HARASSMENT INCLUDE:
PHYSICAL: Intimidating gestures, physical violence or assault or the threat of the above, because of a persons’ race or ethnicity.
VERBAL: Derogatory remarks about a persons skin colour, nationality or appearance, unwelcome remarks about a persons cultural observances or racist jokes.
NON-VERBAL: Graffiti of a racial nature, defacing notices or posters, negative stereotyping of a particular ethnic or national group or written threats of a racist nature.
There is no such thing as unintentional harassment. The key characteristic is that the behaviour is unacceptable to the recipient.
ANTI-DISCRIMINATIONFalkirk Football Club is responsible for setting standards and values to apply throughout the club at every level.
Football is a game for everyone.
Our commitment is to face up to and eliminate discrimination whether by reason of sex, sexual orientation, race, nationality, ethnic origin, colour, religion or disability.
At Falkirk Football Club we will not discriminate or in any way treat anyone less favourably because of these circumstances.
This commitment applies to:
Advertising for volunteers
Selection of candidates for volunteers
Staff Development
External coaching and educational activities
Selection for teams
Appointments to honorary positions
Falkirk Football Club will not tolerate sexual or racially based harassment or other discriminatory behaviour, whether physical or verbal and will ensure that such behaviour is met with appropriate action.
Falkirk Football Club is committed to the development of a programme of ongoing training events and activities aimed at promoting the eradication of discrimination within the club and within the wider football community.
FALKIRK FOOTBALL CLUB ANTI RACISM POLICY STATEMENT/PRACTICES
Falkirk Football Club (the club) has been free from the extremes of sectarianism and is similarly utterly opposed to any manifestation of racism in print, either by action(s) or verbally, both on or off the park.
THE CLUB SUPPORTS UEFA’S TEN POINT PLAN OF ACTION FOR PROFESSIONAL FOOTBALL CLUBS WHICH CALLS FOR CLUBS TO:
Issue a statement saying the club will not tolerate racism, spelling out the action it will take against those engaged in racist chanting. The statement should be printed in all match programmes and displayed permanently and prominently around the ground.
Make public address announcements condemning racist chanting at matches.
Make it a condition for season ticket holders that they do not take part in racist abuse.
Take action to prevent the sale of racist literature inside and around the ground.
Take disciplinary action against players who engage in racial abuse.
Contact other clubs to make sure they understand the Club’s policy on racism.
Encourage a common strategy between stewards and police for dealing with racist abuse.
Remove all racist graffiti from the ground as a matter of urgency.
Adopt an equal opportunities policy in relation to employment and service provision.
Work with all other groups and agencies, such as the S.P.F.A., BairnsTrust, schools, voluntary organisations, youth clubs, sponsors, local authorities, local businesses and police, to develop pro-active programmes and make progress to eliminate racial abuse and discrimination.
A review of the anti-discrimination policy is available in an attachment. The review addresses each of the 10 points and outlines how FFC has actioned the various points.
DISABILITY DISCRIMINATIONPOLICY
Falkirk FC fully supports the principle of equal opportunities in employment and opposes all forms of unlawful or unfair discrimination on the grounds of disability. No applicant or employee shall receive less favourable treatment because of disability.
It is in the interest of Falkirk FC and those who work for the club to ensure that all available human resource talents and skills are considered when employment opportunities arise. Falkirk FC is committed to maintaining and managing a diverse work force.
PURPOSE
The purpose of the Disability Discrimination Policy is to ensure that Falkirk FC complies with the Equality Act 2010 and to ensure that disabled persons falling within the definition of the Act are treated equally and fairly.
SCOPE
The Disability Discrimination Policy covers all staff and applicants. This also covers employees who become disabled during their employment. Where relevant, it also covers staff employed by outside agencies working on Falkirk FC premises.
POLICY GUIDELINES
Recruitment, training and promotion are carried out in line with Falkirk FC codes of practice. Clear job descriptions and person specifications are used (where appropriate) to enhance objective assessments and to ensure that decisions are made solely on objective and job related criteria. Falkirk FC will provide training and guidance to all relevant staff, who identify a need, to ensure that the risk of possible discriminatory attitudes affecting decisions are minimised and that there is an understanding of the relevant provisions of the Equality Act 2010.
Falkirk FC operates a Grievance Procedure to help enable grievances, including those relating to unfair decisions on grounds of disability, to be formally heard. All reasonable and necessary changes will be investigated, and any justified changes will be made to the workplace and to employment arrangements, so that disabled people are not at any substantial disadvantage compared to non-disabled people. This covers all areas of employment, including recruitment.
A flexible approach will be adopted and where possible and justified, consideration to reallocation of duties, time off for rehabilitation, assessment or treatment or other appropriate measures to ensure equal opportunity. In recruitment and selection, Falkirk FC will modify selection techniques, where appropriate, and make any other reasonable changes to ensure that disabled people can be considered equally with non-disabled candidates.
Falkirk FC will ensure that disabled people will receive equal treatment in training and development and where appropriate, will supply additional training. Every endeavour will be made to ensure that contract workers are not discriminated against because of their disability and Falkirk FC will ensure that any and all other agencies which may be used are aware of this policy. Falkirk FC actively encourages promotion of this policy in its internal and external recruitment by ensuring that advertisements, job descriptions and person specifications do not discriminate.
Falkirk FC will ensure that all new employees are aware of this policy as part of their induction and will regularly review and monitor this policy to ensure its implementation and effectiveness.
CHILD PROTECTION/SAFEGUARDINGThis Policy Statement is Falkirk Football Club’s, incorporating Falkirk Football Community Foundation, position regarding the protection of all children and young people involved all aspects of the club.
Gary Deans
Chairman
On Behalf Of The Board of Falkirk FC
THE AIMS OF THE POLICY ARE TO:
Develop a positive and pro-active approach concerning the protection of all children and young people involved in football, helping them to participate in an enjoyable and safe environment.
Demonstrate best practice in the area of child protection.
Promote high standards of professional practice throughout all levels of the club.
POLICY STATEMENTS:
Falkirk Football Club, incorporating Falkirk Football Community Foundation, is determined to ensure that all necessary steps are taken to protect all children and young people who participate in football.
The club offers a wide range of football development opportunities for children and young people and aims to provide the highest standards of care, coaching and development.
Every child and young person must be able to participate in football in an enjoyable and safe environment and this responsibility must be shared by every adult involved with the club.
The club recognises that it is everyone’s responsibility to protect all children and young people from physical, sexual or emotional abuse and from all forms of neglect, harassment or bullying.
The club recognises that child abuse is an emotive and difficult issue. If an allegation or a concern about abuse occurs, those involved will recognise their own feelings and reactions to abuse and will not allow these to interfere with judgements and actions that need to be taken.
THE KEY PRINCIPLES UNDERPINNING THIS POLICY ARE:
Children and Young People’s welfare is the paramount consideration.
All children and young people have a right to be protected from abuse regardless of their age, gender, disability, ethnicity, religious beliefs or sexual identity.
All suspicions and allegations of abuse will be taken seriously and responded to appropriately.
Working in partnership with children and young people and their parents/carers is essential.
Working in partnership with local social services departments, the police, child protection committees and other relevant education and welfare agencies, who may have a statutory responsibility to ensure the welfare of children and young people is essential.
Any act, statement, conduct or other matter which harms a child or young person, or may pose a risk of harm, constitutes behaviour which is improper and the club will take appropriate to address any concerns.
Everyone involved with Falkirk Football Club, particularly Falkirk Football Community Foundation, must be familiar with the clubs more detailed child protection policy and procedures. Copies are available from the club on request.
Furthermore Falkirk Football Community Foundation have policies and guidance on the use of social networking, new tecnhology and the internet as well as new players and parents charter policies.
Read our full Falkirk FC Safeguarding Policy & Handbook by clicking here.
DISABLED SUPPORTERSCAR PARKING
HOME SUPPORT
There are specially designated areas of car park, controlled by stewards adjacent to disabled access points. Please contact the club before the start of the season so that you can be issued with a pass for these car parks and information as to how to find them on arrival.
For a one off match attendance, please contact us well in advance and we will try to find suitable parking for you, or arrange a “drop off” pass. For games where high attendance figures are anticipated, a “drop off” pass may be the only option at short notice.
VISITING SUPPORT
Please contact your own club who will advise us here at Falkirk of your name and your carers name, stewards will arrange parking to the rear of the north stand. Please be aware that for games where high attendance figures are anticipated you may need to be dropped off with your carer, and the driver of the vehicle asked to park in the away car park areas. Wherever possible stewards will try to accommodate your needs provided your club has advised us of your name and carers name in advance.
PHYSICALLY AND/OR MENTALLY DISABLED SUPPORTERS.
Immediately in front of each set of turnstiles at each event will be steward in a Hi-visibility yellow jacket who can direct you to the disabled access for the section of the stand that your ticket is valid for. Stewards at these gates can give assistance and guidance and direct you to the area specifically designed for physically disabled supporters and advice on the nearest disabled toilet facility to your seat.
Please be advised that carers accompanying disabled supporters who are children or young persons must be adults over the age of 18. This is to ensure the safety of disabled youngsters during the event and in the event of an emergency situation.
Physically disabled supporters must not access seats in the main stand, other than in designated disabled areas for their own safety, as exiting in an emergency could be difficult and could expose the disabled person to unacceptable delays and risk.
VISUALLY IMPAIRED SUPPORTERS
Visually impaired supporters must be accompanied at all times by an able adult (over 18 years), to ensure their safety in an emergency where exit may be by a different route to that of entry or during a normal exit from the stadium.
If you would like a match commentary headset, please advise the club prior to your arrival and they will advise where these will be issued to you. Please note, that specific seats in the Main Stand will be issued to you by our Ticketing Manager.
SEVERELY HEARING IMPAIRED SUPPORTERS
Supporters with severe hearing impairment must be accompanied by an able adult (over 18 years). This is to ensure safety during any emergency event when instructions will be given verbally over the public address system, by loudhailer or attending stewards.
QUESTIONS OR HELP?
If you have any questions or require advice or support to enable you to enjoy the event, please contact us at the club and we will be very pleased to assist and advise you.
Contact the club on 01324 624121
FANS CHARTERThe Supporters Charter maps out the commitment of Falkirk Football Club to give our supporters a safe and enjoyable experience of football.
FALKIRK FOOTBALL CLUB
Will set out and publish service aims, giving a framework by which performance can be judged by the Club and others.
Will take action if service or safety levels fall short of the published aims
Will provide a forum by which supporters may raise their comments or concerns.
Will review its aims annually.
Will commit to keep the supporters informed of activity at the Club.
Will publish its charter and make it freely available to all.
THE CHARTER
STANDARDS
Falkirk Football Club will set service standards. Falkirk Football Club will strive to achieve the standards and publish its performance in an annual review.
SUPPORTER INFORMATION
Falkirk Football Club undertakes to keep its supporters informed as to changes at the Club by whatever means it decides is the most cost effective.
Falkirk Football Club undertakes to publish its position on major policy issues.
SPECIAL NEEDS
Falkirk Football Club will publish details of the availability of, and pricing policy for, special needs and carers’ seating. These details will be published at the earliest possible opportunity.
TICKET SALES
Falkirk Football Club:
Will publish details of the availability and pricing policy of all tickets.
Will publish amendments at the earliest possible opportunity.
Will publish its policy for returned and unwanted tickets.
Will publish its tickets return policy for abandoned matches.
Will provide a range of ticket prices.
Will endeavour to offer a method of installment payment for season tickets.
Will introduce ticket prices to take account of seats offering reduced facilities from the West & North Stands.
Will offer an appropriate concessionary ticket policy.
Will publish its policy on visiting support ticket allocation.
Will publish details of any membership, loyalty, bond, debenture or similar scheme.
FIXTURE LISTS
Falkirk Football Club undertakes to keep supporters informed as to fixture changes by whatever means it decides is the most cost effective.
STADIUM
Falkirk Football Club undertakes to provide a clean and safe stadium with the appropriate facilities
Falkirk Football Club will provide an area for the exclusive use of family groups and junior supporters wherever possible.
Falkirk Football Club undertakes to provide access for those with special needs and their carers.
Falkirk Football Club undertakes to encourage an environment free of sectarian and racial abuse.
CATERING
Falkirk Football Club undertakes to provide or subcontract an appropriate catering service.
MERCHANDISING
The Club will produce and sell through official club outlets replica strips and associated team wear. All official club garments will be of good quality and be of similar style and design as the items worn by the first team players and management.
The club reserves the right to change the design and style of replica team wear on a regular basis.
The club will endeavour to introduce incentive and loyalty schemes to reward regular retail customers. Details of any such schemes will be advertised on the club web site and in the official retail outlets.
The date of introduction will be included in the club shop catalogue.
Details of the next intended change of kits will be available from the Club, and communicated to supporters at the earliest possible date.
SUPPORTER CONTACT
Falkirk Football Club will respond to any reasonable contact from a supporter, by the most appropriate method, unless extreme circumstances make the Club unable to respond.
SUPPORTERS’ TRUST
Falkirk Football Club undertakes to work in close cooperation with the Falkirk Supporters’ Society. This cooperation will include joint meetings between the Board of the Trust and the Directors of Falkirk Football Club, at least once a year.
UNACCEPTABLE CONDUCTFalkirk Football Club wants to promote a good atmosphere at its home matches where all supporters can enjoy their football. This is achieved working in conjunction with Police Scotland.
The club is proud of its fans, their passion for their team and their good behaviour.
This is a published statement on how we would deal with unacceptable conduct.
WHAT IS UNACCEPTABLE CONDUCT?
Sectarian, bigoted, homophobic, racist or sexist behaviour, whether it be communicated by chanting, displaying offensive material or shouting;
Drunkenness;
Aggressive or violent behaviour;
Abusive language.
WHAT WILL WE DO ABOUT IT?
Stewards and police are aware of this policy. Stewards are responsible for breaches of ground regulations and the police are responsible for law and order. Both work together closely to enforce ground regulations and will eject and or arrest. Where necessary the police will press for criminal charges against the perpetrator;
The club will consider how to react to cases of unacceptable behaviour on an individual basis, irrespective of whether or not charges have been brought, or if a conviction has been imposed;
The club reserves the right to take whatever action it deems appropriate. This may include exclusion from the stadium for a set period of time, or permanently.
WHO IS BOUND BY THIS POLICY?
Everyone who enters the stadium on a matchday;
All employees and volunteers of the club at all times when discharging their duties for the club.
WHAT ABOUT MY RIGHTS?
The club will not take any action lightly. We will inform anyone who falls foul of these guidelines exactly why action who has been taken, and precisely what the penalty is;
There will be an automatic right of appeal in all cases where the club takes action against a supporter. The appeal panel will be made up of three people: a representative of the club, a representative of the supporter and an independent expert appointed by agreement of both sides.
TERMS AND CONDITIONSFalkirk Football Club Support the pan-European Football Against Racism in Europe (FARE) and UEFA in the growing campaign to combat racism on and off the field.
The club will not tolerate racism, and will support the taking of action against those engaged in racist chanting.
Make it a condition for season-ticket holders that they do not take part in racist abuse.
Support the “Show Racism the Red Card” campaigns
Take action to prevent the sale of racist literature inside and around the ground.
Take disciplinary action against players who engage in racial abuse.
Contact other clubs to make sure they understand the club’s policy on racism.
Encourage a common strategy between stewards and police for dealing with racist abuse.
Remove any racist graffiti from the ground as a matter of urgency.
Adopt an equal opportunities’ policy in relation to employment and service provision.
Work with all other groups and agencies, such as the players union, supporters, schools, voluntary organisations, youth clubs, sponsors, local authorities, local businesses and police, to develop pro-active programmes and make progress to raise awareness of campaigning to eliminate racial abuse and discrimination.
CONDITIONS OF USE
The use of this ticket/season ticket  member card for one or more game will be considered to constitute the acceptance of the conditions of use. If the conditions of use are not accepted this card should be returned to the Ticket Office immediately intact.
This season member card remains the property of Falkirk FC at all times and its use is subject to compliance with the conditions of use. The season member card must be produced for inspection at the request of the Club or its agents.
This season member card is not transferable. It may only be used by the season ticket member noted on the front in connection with the seat noted.
If you forget to bring your season member card to the match the Ticket Office will issue a match ticket, in doing so this will invalidate the card.
This season member card gives access to the specified seat for all Falkirk FC first team League matches at The Falkirk Stadium.
If this season member card is lost or destroyed the Ticket Office will issue a duplicate card for a charge of £5, in doing so this will invalidate the original card.
The 10 game Flexi- books will not be replaced if lost or stolen.
If you change your address during the season please contact the Ticket Office to amend your details to enable the Club to keep its records up to date. This is important, particularly if the Club needs to contact you in connection with cup matches or other offerings to season ticket members.
Each Season Member Card is valid for the advertised match date or any date to which a match is re-scheduled. NO REFUNDS can be given under any circumstances.
In all circumstances, refunds are at the sole discretion of the Club.
The Club reserves the right to change its advertised fixtures without notice and without liability. Play cannot be guaranteed to take place on a particular date at any particular time.
The Club cannot guarantee that your seat will not be affected by adverse weather conditions.
The Club reserves the right to withdraw the season ticket or 10 game flexi-ticket book from any person at any time, should the person contravene any ground regulations.
Your entry to the stadium is conditional upon your consent to any request to be searched by the Police or Club stewards.
Standing is FORBIDDEN in seated viewing areas.
Foul, abusive or racist language or conduct is totally FORBIDDEN.
Falkirk Stadium and some surrounding streets are covered by C.C.T.V. which is operated by Falkirk Community Stadium Ltd and Falkirk  Football Club and recorded on a 24 hour basis.
PLEASE NOTE THAT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE CRIMINAL LAW (CONSOLIDATION) (SCOTLAND) ACT 1995 IT IS AN OFFENCE PUNISHABLE BY LAW FOR ANY PERSON TO ENTER OR ATTEMPT TO ENTER THE STADIUM :-
Whilst in possession of a prohibited container which is or was capable of holding liquid and which if thrown would be capable of causing injury to another person.
Whilst in possession of alcohol.
Whilst drunk.
Whilst in possession of any article or substance whose main purpose is the emission of a flare for purposes of illuminating or signalling of the emission of smoke or visible gas.
Any article which is a firework.
ALCOHOL AT SPORTING EVENTSThe Criminal Law (Consolidation) (Scotland) Act 1995 makes it unlawful to be in possession of alcohol, be drunk, or possess flares, smoke bombs, fireworks, etc at football matches.
SECTIONS 20 OF THE ACT CREATE OFFENCES FOR ANY PERSON TO BE WITHIN, OR ATTEMPT TO ENTER, THE RELEVANT AREA OF A DESIGNATED SPORTS GROUND DURING THE PERIOD OF A DESIGNATED SPORTING EVENT IF THEY ARE :
in possession of a controlled container, or
in possession of any alcohol, or
in possession of any firework or smoke flare etc., or
drunk.
SECTION 21 OF THE ACT PROVIDES THAT A CONSTABLE MAY :
enter any designated sports ground during the period of a designated sporting event,
search any person reasonably suspected of committing an offence against section 20 of the Act,
seize any container (and its contents) if it is reasonably suspected of containing alcohol, or if it is a controlled container,
seize any fireworks etc.,
arrest any person whom they have reasonable cause to suspect has committed an offence against section 20 of the Act.
GDPR PRIVACY POLICYPrivacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Falkirk Football Club Ltd (FFC) uses and protects any information that you give us when you use this or any associated websites or subsets of FFC (See list below). FFC is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
We keep our privacy policy under regular review. Any changes we make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. Please check back periodically to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy. This policy is effective from April 2018.
Falkirk FC Website and Subsets
We may collect data in the following:-
• Falkirk FC website,
• Falkirk FC Retail,
• Falkirk TV,
• Falkirk FC Junior Bairns.
What we collect
We may collect the following information if you fill in a season ticket form, hospitality sales sign up form or contact via our email contact button.
Name, address, email address, telephone number.
Date of Birth is collected via the season ticket renewal form to enable concessionary tickets to be validated.
Falkirk FC Junior Bairns also collect date of birth and age to enable them to send birthday cards to Junior Bairns. NB No data held by Falkirk FC Junior Bairns is shared with any other part of FFC.
What we do with the information we gather?
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
• Internal record keeping
• We may use the information to improve our products and services
• We may periodically send promotional emails about matches, hospitality, events, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address you have provided.
When you complete any ‘contact us’ form you will be asked whether or not you would like to receive communication from us related to products and services we offer that we believe you may be interested in. If you do consent to receiving this information, you can change your mind at any time and are given an easy way to do this.
Security and Performance and Third Party Services
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. A third party, iComplete, manage our marketing database. The information they hold is not shared with any other party, is encrypted and remains the property of FFC.
More information on iComplete please visit www.icomplete.com.
Server and IT Services
Falkirk Football Club uses a third party service to help maintain the security and performance of the FFC server and other IT systems. This service is provided by e-Telegence Limited. E-Telegence cannot do anything with your personal information unless we have instructed them to do it. They will not share your personal information with any organisation apart from us. They will hold it securely and retain it for the period we instruct.
More information on e-Telegence can be found at www.e-telegence.com
Website Security and Performance
Falkirk FC uses a third party service to help maintain the security and performance of the Falkirk Football Club and related websites. This service is provided by e-Telegence Limited. E-Telegence Limited cannot do anything with your personal information unless we have instructed them to do it. They will not share your personal information with any organisation apart from us. They will hold it securely and retain it for the period we instruct.
More information on e-Telegence can be found at www.e-telegence.com
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Your Rights
You have a number of rights in relation to the personal data we hold about you. These rights include:-
• Then right to obtain details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please email us on enquiries@falkirkfc.co.uk or write to Falkirk Football Club Ltd, The Falkirk Stadium, 6 Stadium Way, Falkirk, FK2 9EE;
• The right to request that we rectify any information we are holding on you if you believe it is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect;
• The right to withdraw you consent to our holding your personal data at any time;
• The right to object to the processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes; and
• The right to lodge a complaint with the Data Protection Regulator (details provided below) if you think that any of your rights have been infringed by us.
You can exercise your rights by contacting us using the details set out in the ‘Contact’ section below.
How Long Will We Keep Your Data
We will only retain your data if you have ‘Opted In’ or in the case of season tickets until the end of the following renewal period. If you opt not to renew your season ticket and have ‘Opted Out’ your data will be removed from our systems.
Complaints
If you are not satisfied with any aspects of our privacy policy or how we have handled your data, you can contact the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) in any of the following ways
• By going their website at www.ico.org.uk;
• By giving them a call on 03031231113
• By writing to them at Information Commissioner’s Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow SK9 5AF.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy and how we use your personal data are welcomed and should be addressed to enquiries@falkirkfc.co.uk or by post to Marketing, Falkirk FC, The Falkirk Stadium, 6 Stadium Way, Falkirk, FK2 9EE.
Go to Top