http://www.maccabigb.org/privacy-and-cookies
THERE ARE CURRENTLY 0 PHOTOS IN YOUR CART
https://app.pelorous.com/media_manager/public/126/site-layout/New%20MGB%20website%20BG%20blue.jpg
Search
FOLLOW MACCABI GB
CONTACT US
MAKE A DONATION
18/07/2013
FOLLOW MACCABI GB
Home
About us
What we do
News
Programmes & Events
Photo gallery
Sports directory
Sponsors
Privacy & Cookies Policy
Privacy & Cookies Policy
This Privacy & Cookies Policy (the “Policy”) has been prepared to meet the requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and The Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) (Amendment) Regulations 2011, (the “Acts”).  It relates to the collection, protection, disclosure and use of personal data belonging to individuals who visit www.maccabigb.org (our “Site”) and also refers in detail to the “Cookies” we use, what they are and their purpose.
Personal data means any and all data that relates to an identifiable person who can be directly or indirectly identified from that data. In this case, it means personal data that you give to us via our site. This definition shall, where applicable, incorporate the definitions provided in the EU Regulation 2016/679 – the GDPR.
By clicking the “Dismiss” button on the box that appears on the first page you enter on our Site, you signify your acceptance of our Privacy and Cookies Policy.  If you wish subsequently to decline your acceptance of them we set out in Clause 4 of the Policy how you may do so. Please note that the box relating to “Cookies” will only appear the first time you enter our Site.
Your privacy and security is important to us. This Policy sets out how we will treat any personal information we obtain from you and it is intended to help you understand how we deal with it and how you may remove it. By providing your personal information to us, you agree that we may collect and use the personal information you provide in the ways described in this Policy. If you do not agree with the terms of this Policy, please do not provide any personal details to us.
We will use your personal information only for the purposes set out below.
Please note that we may need to update this Policy from time to time to reflect changes in the law. If and when this is changed we will make sure this is highlighted to ensure that you have read the most recent version and that you are happy with any changes.
This Policy was last revised on: 23rd May 2018.
1.         INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT FROM YOU
1.1      It is your choice to provide us with personal information. We may provide you with the option to select whether you would like to receive information from us or from trusted third parties by opting in or out of receiving that information. In some circumstances, you will not have the option to opt out, for example, when we are administering a requested by you, or if we are satisfying a legal requirement.
1.2      Ways in which you may be providing us with personal information include, for example,
1.2.1          registering on our Site;
1.2.2          completing an Application Form;
1.2.3          registering to receive our Newsletter;
1.2.4          contacting us with an enquiry;
1.2.5          making a booking or reservation;
1.2.6          forwarding an item to another email address;
1.2.7          purchasing tickets for an Event;
1.2.8          purchasing merchandise;
1.2.9          completing a survey which contains your personal information;
1.2.10       entering a competition; and/or
1.2.11       reporting a problem.
1.3      The information we will collect from you includes, but is not limited to data concerning traffic on our Site, location data, weblogs and other communication data, (whether this is required for our billing purposes or otherwise) and the resources that you access.
2.         IP ADDRESSES AND COOKIES
2.1      Like many other websites, we use “cookies” to help us gather and store information about visitors to our Site.
2.2      We may collect information about your computer, including your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers. This is statistical data about our Site users’ browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify you as an individual.
2.3      A “cookie” is a small text file which is downloaded on to your computer’s hard disk when you access certain websites. Cookies allow the website to recognise your computer. A cookie can identify the pages that are being viewed and this can assist us to select the pages that the visitor sees.
2.4       “Session” cookies only exist whilst visitors are online on a particular occasion. These are temporary cookies that aid your journey around the site and remember the preferences you have selected during your “session”.
2.5      "Persistent" cookies, which are not session-based, remain on a visitor’s computer, so that you can be recognised as a previous visitor when you next visit our Site. This allows us to collect information about your browsing habits whilst on our site, and this can be useful in assisting us to monitor and improve our services.
2.6      We do not store sensitive information such as account numbers or passwords in "persistent" cookies, and cookies in themselves, do not contain enough information to identify you. You will only become personally identifiable in relation to your browsing habits after you have formally provided us with your personal data for the purposes outlined in Section 1.2 above.
2.7      In addition to using cookies, we might also use GIFs and other web tools, such as Google Analytics, to collect information about your browsing activities whilst on our site. In this respect the information that is provided is similar to the information supplied by cookies, and we use it for the same purposes.
2.8      Any information that we acquire about you using cookies, GIFs, or other web tools is subject to the same restrictions and conditions as any other information we collect about you, as outlined in this Policy.
2.9      Some of our advertisers and sponsors may also use cookies, GIFs, or other web tools that are set by other people such as advertising agencies, or the businesses to which the advertisements relate. We do not have access to any information that might be collected in this way, and, if you are concerned or have any queries, we recommend you to contact the advertiser or sponsor for more information.
3.         THE COOKIES USED ON OUR SITE
3.1      Cookies set by our Site:
Cookie Name
Purpose
_epvc
This cookie is set in order to work out whether you have seen and/ or clicked the “dismiss” button in the box that draws your attention to this Policy. This will appear the first time you enter our Site.
This cookie is strictly necessary in order to enable you to provide your consent for us to set cookies on your browser.
PHPSESSID
This cookie stores the information provided to us when you log in to our Site. This is strictly necessary for the full functionality and operation of the website. This cookie also stores information so as to keep track of items in your ‘basket’ when you purchase anything from the Site.Without this cookie, services that you have asked for, like shopping baskets, cannot be provided.
3.2      Cookies set by Google Analytics:
Cookie Name
Purpose
Google Analytics sets the following cookies: _utma, _utmb, _utmc, _utmz, or others within the range _utma to _utmz.
Google Analytics is a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. By default, Google Analytics sets four performance cookies in order to evaluate your use of the Site, including number of visits, duration of browsing and referring sites, and compiles reports for us on activity on the Site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous.
Google stores the information collected by the cookie on servers in the United States. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google state that they will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
For more information about the way in which Google Analytics uses these cookies please visit the following link – http://developers.google.com/analytics/resources/concepts/gaConceptsCookies.
3.3      If you wish to know all the cookies we have set and how to delete or manage them, please refer to www.allaboutcookies.org.
4.         HOW TO DISABLE/ ENABLE COOKIES
4.1      You have the ability to accept or decline cookies by modifying the settings in your browser or by not clicking the “dismiss” button on the box that appears on the first page you see on our Site. For example, in Internet Explorer, you can go to Tools and Internet Options, where there is the option to change your settings to disable cookies. However, you may not be able to use all the interactive features of our site if the cookies are disabled.
4.2      You also have the ability to delete cookies that have been installed in the cookie folder of your browser and should search for “cookies” in your “Help” function for information on where to find your cookie folder.
4.3      To delete only the cookies set by our Site in Internet Explorer, you must do the following:-
1.    In Internet Explorer, click the Tools button, and then click Internet Options.
2.    On the General tab, under Browsing history, click Settings.
3.    Click the View files button.
4.    Click the Name column heading to sort all the files alphabetically, and then scroll down until you see files that begin with the prefix Cookie:. All cookies will have that prefix, and they usually contain the name of the website that created the cookie.
5.    Right-click the cookie you want to delete, click Delete, and then click Yes.
6.    Close the window that contains the list of files, and then click OK twice to return to Internet Explorer.
You should note that some websites store your member name, password, or other information about you in a cookie. If you delete that cookie, you might need to re-enter your personal information again the next time you visit the Site.
4.4      To delete only the cookies set by our Site, for example in Firefox, you must do the following:-
1.            At the top of the Firefox window, click on the Firefox button and then click Options
2.            Select the Privacy panel.
3.            Set Firefox will: to Use custom settings for history.
4.            Click Show Cookies.... The Cookies window will appear.
5.            In the Search field, type the name of the site whose cookies you want to remove. The cookies that match your search will be displayed.
6.            Select the cookie(s) in the list to remove and click Remove Cookie
7.            Select the first cookie and press Shift + End to select all the cookies in the list.
8.            Click Close to close the Cookies window.
1.1          In order to delete the PHPSESSID cookie, you may need to contact your system administrator for assistance in re-configuring PHP on your server.
4.5      Unless you have adjusted your browser settings so that it will refuse cookies, our Site will issue cookies when you log on to our Site.
4.6      To prevent Google Analytics cookies being set, you may install the Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-On by clicking on this link - http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout and following the instructions.
5.         WHERE WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
5.1      All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers.
5.2      Any payment transactions will be encrypted. Where we have given you, or where you have chosen, a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share this password with anyone.
5.3      The information that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”).  It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA, who work for us or for one of our suppliers. By submitting your personal information, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing.  We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Policy.
5.4      Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure.  Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk.  Once we have received your personal data, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
6.         USES MADE OF THE INFORMATION BY US
6.1      We may use personal information collected from you to provide specific services that you request and to provide additional services that may be of interest. We may use your personal information in the following ways:
6.1.1          Ease of Use – To ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
6.1.2          Transactional Purposes – To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, to respond to your queries and requests and to maintain your accounts and manage transactions, such as credit card payments for any tickets, products or services that you order.
6.1.3          Communication – To notify you about changes to our service.
6.1.4          Provision of Information – To assess your eligibility, and if eligible, provide you with information.
6.1.5          Marketing Communications and Analysis – To communicate with you about our events, products and services and for our own internal marketing analysis, for example, to measure the amount of traffic to our Site.
7.         USES MADE OF THE INFORMATION BY THIRD PARTIES
7.1      We may also use your data, or permit selected third parties including our sponsors to use your data, to provide you with data about events, goods and services which may be of interest to you, and we or they may contact you about these by post or e-mail.
7.2      If we have supplied tickets, products or services to you, we will only contact you by email with information about events, products and services similar to those which we have provided to you previously.
7.3      If you do not want us to use your data in this way, or to pass your details on to third parties for marketing purposes, please email us at enquiries@maccabigb.org or write to us at Maccabi GB, Shield House, Harmony Way, Hendon, London NW4 2BZ.
7.4      Please note that we will not, under any circumstances, sell your personal information to anyone else.
7.5      Any information or statistics relating to our business that we disclose to others will not identify you personally. We may, for example, perform statistical analyses of the behaviour of the users of our Site in order to measure interest in the various areas of our site and to inform advertisers or sponsors how many visitors have "clicked" on their advertising banners. This information, and any other general information about our visitors that we share with advertisers sponsors and other partners, will not contain personal information about you.
8.         LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
This Policy only covers this Site. If you follow a link from this Site to another website, you must refer to and read the privacy statement on that other website which you visit. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.  Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
9.         DISLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
9.1      We may disclose your personal information:
9.1.1          To third parties to whom you have provided your consent in order that they will be able to prepare or send any communications to you, or to assist us in connection with any of our administrative or business functions, (including, but not limited to delivery, marketing and advertising and credit card and data processing) or in the provision of any of our services to you
9.1.2          In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer.
9.1.3          If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply and  agreements with you; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Maccabi GB, those with whom we do business, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
10.      INTERACTIVE AREAS OF OUR SITE/ BLOGS
10.1    Information that you post via social networking (including but not limited to Facebook and Twitter) is generally accessible to, and may be collected by, others and may result in unwelcome communications. For your own safety and security you should not provide information about yourself on those areas of our Site or via social networking.
10.2    If you disclose any information via social networking, we do not accept any responsibility or liability for any breach of privacy, loss, damage, effect on your reputation or otherwise whatsoever.
11.      YOUR RIGHTS
11.1     As a data subject, you have the following rights under the GDPR, which this Policy and Our use of personal data have been designed to uphold:
The right to be informed about Our collection and use of personal data;
The right of access to the personal data We hold about you (see section 12);
The right to rectification if any personal data We hold about you is inaccurate or incomplete (please contact Us using the details in section 13);
The right to be forgotten – i.e. the right to ask Us to delete any personal data We hold about you - if you would like Us to delete, please contact Us using the details in section 13);
The right to restrict (i.e. prevent) the processing of your personal data;
The right to data portability (obtaining a copy of your personal data to re-use with another service or organisation);
The right to object to Us using your personal data for particular purposes; and
Rights with respect to automated decision making and profiling.
11.2     If you have any cause for complaint about Our use of your personal data, please contact Us using the details provided insection 13 and We will do Our best to solve the problem for you. If We are unable to help, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with the UK’s supervisory authority, the Information Commissioner’s Office.
11.3     For further information about your rights, please contact the Information Commissioner’s Office or your local Citizens Advice Bureau.
12.      ACCESS TO INFORMATION
You have the right to ask for a copy of any of your personal data held by Us (where such data is held). Under the GDPR, no fee is payable and We will provide any and all information in response to your request free of charge. Please contact Us for more details at enquiries@maccabigb.org, or using the contact details below.
13.      CONTACT
Questions, comments and requests regarding this Policy are welcomed and should be addressed to enquiries@maccabigb.org or to Maccabi GB, Shield House, Harmony Way, Hendon, London NW4 2BZ.
Home
About us
What we do
News
Programmes & Events
Photo gallery
Sports directory
Sponsors
Donate
Partners
Recruitment
Privacy and Cookies Policy
Working with over 40 different partners including: UJIA, The Jewish Agency, CST, Langdon College and 44 Jewish Primary / Secondary Schools.
Copyright © Maccabi GB 2018