http://www.experienceplus.com/privacy
HomePrivacy and Security Policy
Privacy and Security Policy
Special Announcements
In addition to our regular newsletters and notifications, we may occasionally send you Special Announcements that you may find valuable. They are related to events in your area or to do with tours that you have expressed interest in. Again, we will never send you an email blast on behalf of a third party.
Site Mapping
To make it easier for you (and our friends at Google) to find stuff on our site, this site uses a tool (Google Sitemap Generator) that collects your requests for pages and passes elements of them to search engines to assist them in indexing this site.  We control the configuration of the tool and are responsible for any information sent to the search engines.  According to what google tells us, we don't believe any personally identifiable material is collected in this way.
Unsubscribing
With every email we send you, there is an "Unsubscribe" or "Manage Subscriptions" link at the end. That link also helps you change email addresses quickly and easily.
Alternatively, just reply to an email with only the word "unsubscribe" in the subject line. This will unsubscribe you from that particular newsletter.
Your snail mail address
We do not make our snail mail list - compiled from people who have expressed interest in our tours - available to third parties.
We do *not* allow anyone to see your telephone number or email address, nor would we ever allow our postal file to be appended with emails.
If you want your snail mail address off this list, email tours@experienceplus.com and we'll take care of it.
Remarketing
We use remarketing advertisement to reach customers based on their interests and visits to this website. Third party vendors, including Google, will use cookies to serve you ads on sites all over the Internet while you are browsing and base the subject matter on those ads you see on your search history. Our ads are displayed across the Internet based on interests and history for a specified audience. If you would like to opt out of Google's use of cookies, please visit Google's Ad Settings on its domain and on ads across the web.
Questions? Concerns?
Feel free to send your privacy questions and concerns to Maria Elena Price or Monica Price, owners and managers of ExperiencePlus! Bicycle Tours at tours@experienceplus.com or talk to us directly at 1-800-685-4565.
October 2017
Awards, Memberships and Reviews