http://www.skiwhitewater.com/privacy-policy
Resort now open for daily operations!  Expect early season conditions so please ski and ride with extra care and obey all signage. Be kind and patient
Last Updated: 12 November 2020
Personal Information We Collect
When we use the term “Personal Information” we mean information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a natural person or households, such as a real name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, payment information, pass or lift ticket number or identities, profile photographs, and location information. When other information (such as consumer preferences, demographic information, or opinions about an identified individual or reasonably identifiable individual) is directly associated with Personal Information, we treat this other information as Personal Information. Information that is de-identified, aggregated, or anonymized will not be considered Personal Information. Publicly available information that is made available from federal, state, or local government records, also may not be Personal Information.
When visiting our Sites, interacting with us (e.g., over the phone, by email) or providing information at any of our Locations, we collect the following types of Personal Information:
identification data (e.g., first name, last name, postal address, phone number, email address);
payment details or methods and transaction information (e.g., when you purchase lift tickets, event tickets, or goods, or book accommodations online);
location data (e.g., the location where you stay or ski, the location of an event at one of our Locations that you attend, location data sent by your device, the runs that you ski or ride, the ski lifts that you ride, a top-level domain name such as .com, .gov., .au, .ca);
connection data (e.g., IP address, connection speed, type of browser used and information communicated by your browser, mobile network information, data automatically communicated by your device);
device information (e.g. device type, screen size, operating system);
data regarding your use of our Sites (e.g., date and time of visits, viewing information, pages viewed, keystroke activity, time spent on pages, scroll activity, click/touch information, content you provide, such as through email or messages, and mouse movements);
information relating to your preferences and activities (e.g., vertical distance by day; calories burned; time spent skiing or riding; individuals with whom you form groups for skiing or riding, as reflected in your use of our applications; the frequency with which you use or visit various facilities, services, programs, or Locations; events attended)
details of ski-related accidents and other incidents;
an assessment of your skiing/riding ability;
photographs and video of you at our Locations or that you otherwise submit; and
demographic information (e.g. household information, number of children, age ranges, gender).
Please note that such data may either be directly collected from you (e.g., when you fill out a form at one of our Locations or on one of our Sites) or indirectly from you. In this latter case, the following sources enable us to obtain Personal Information:
when a third party provides information about you (e.g., if someone orders a gift, gift card, or gift certificate online and wants to send it directly to you, he/she must provide us with your name and address; if third parties, including travel agents or business partners with whom we have joint marketing or service providing arrangements, provide information about you);
when your electronic communications devices, such as smartphones, tablets, or computers, automatically submit information;
when technology implemented at our Locations provides us with information (e.g., when your ski pass is scanned at a chairlift);
when we are provided information from other business partners;
when you are at one of our locations, and we take photographs or video of you; and
when such information is available from public sources.
In addition to the above, we may combine information you have provided to us on our Sites with information you have provided to us offline, including information you have provided to us at one of our locations, and we may store this information together in your customer profile. For example, we may combine data automatically collected when you use your season ski pass, attend an event, rent equipment at one of our Locations, or otherwise visit one of our Locations, or data you provide to us when you stay at one of our hotels or resorts, with your customer profile. This enables us to provide the best experience possible when you visit our Locations.
How We Use Your Personal Information
We use your Personal Information for the following purposes, all of which relate to the relationship between you and us, and the services we provide:
to provide you or the person of your choice with the services and/or products you requested (e.g., passes, reservations, services offered by Whitewater Ski Resort, to perform transactions, in particular, to check your identity or the identity of the person you designated, as well as for billing and shipping purposes;
to provide you and/or the person you designated with after-sale support in case you encounter any difficulties following your transaction with us.
We also may process your Personal Information for the purposes listed below, which are necessary for us to pursue our legitimate interest and provide you with quality services and products:
for security and fraud prevention purposes as well as for protecting our rights, pursuing available remedies, and enforcing our Terms of Use.
to administer our systems, debug, and improve the performance and accessibility of our Sites and Locations;
to monitor and optimize the use of our facilities (e.g., when you scan your pass and ride one of our chairlifts, we use such information for monitoring the use of our chairlifts; improvement of facilities based on number of attendees at events);
to better understand your use of our products, services, programs, and events; and
to improve our Sites, Locations, and, more generally, our products, services, programs, and events.
In addition, with your consent, we may also process your Personal Information:
to provide you with marketing communications, recommendations, and special offers regarding our products and services, as well as products and services of third parties which might be of interest to you, and to give you the opportunity to enroll in our loyalty program; and
to combine your data and implement profiling activities in order to better understand your needs, expectations, and preferences and provide you with personalized content and targeted advertising accordingly.
We may also use your information for secondary purposes closely related to the purposes above, in circumstances where you would reasonably expect such use or disclosure to occur.
Please refer to the Your Choices and Rights section below for information regarding how you can manage your options and exercise your rights with respect to your data.
Cookies and Technology; Third-Party Advertisers
We use technology such as “cookies” to help us provide customized services and as a means to collect dependable and consistent traffic data. A “cookie” is a small piece of data that is sent to a user’s browser from a web server and stored on a user’s hard drive.
These cookies, along with other technologies, such as web beacons, may also be used by Whitewater Ski Resort corporate partners and on co-branded websites to help us understand how you use our products and Sites and better provide advertising to you.
In addition, we may use third-party advertising companies to customize the advertisements you see on our Sites, on other websites, or on your mobile or other devices. These companies may use cookies, web beacons, or other technologies to collect information about your use of our Sites and other websites and applications, including in particular your IP address, web browser, mobile network information, pages viewed, time spent on pages or in applications, and links clicked. We may use this information to analyze data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests, and better understand your online activity.
Our service providers are bound by contract to keep your Personal Information confidential and use it only for the purposes laid out in the contract on our behalf.
You can modify your cookies preferences and choose to refuse cookies. However, if you decide to block all cookies, you may not have full access to all functionalities and pages of our Sites.
Please note that most browsers allow you to manage your cookies preferences by changing your settings. You may set your browser to: (i) automatically accept or refuse all cookies; (ii) automatically accept or refuse first-party cookies and/or third parties cookies; (iii) notify you before any cookies are placed so that you get the opportunity to decide whether you are willing to accept it or not.
Consequently, if you accept cookies in the first place but later change your mind and want to opt-out, you may use your browser settings for deleting cookies already placed on your electronic devices and/or change your browser settings to refuse any further cookies or particular further cookies.
Disclosure of Your Personal Information
Under limited circumstances, we may disclose the Personal Information we collect to third parties for all or part of the above-mentioned purposes. Examples of those circumstances are described below, along with some of the steps we take to limit the manner in which your Personal Information is used.
Service Providers
We may share your information with companies that provide support services to us or that help us market our products and services. These companies may need information about you in order to perform their functions. These companies are only authorized to use the Personal Information we share with them for the purpose of delivering the service we work with them to provide. In addition, we only disclose the information they need to provide a specific service or function.
In Special Circumstances
In certain special cases, we may disclose your Personal Information when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify or contact you, or to provide you with emergency medical services, or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to you, Whitewater Ski Resort or someone else. We may disclose your Personal Information to a person who is seeking the information as your agent. This agent must obtain written consent from you to obtain above said information. We may disclose your Personal Information when we believe the law requires it, in response to any demand by law enforcement authorities in connection with a criminal investigation, in response to civil or administrative authorities in connection with a pending civil case, governmental authorities or administrative investigation, or in connection with an investigation conducted by Whitewater Ski Resort.
Links to Third-Party Websites
Our Sites contain direct links to sites offered by third parties. Those third-party sites are not covered by this Privacy Policy.
Some of the sites may give you the option of sharing your thoughts, Personal Information, or skiing and snowboarding experiences automatically on their platforms. If you choose to share information with a third-party site such as Twitter or Facebook, the information you choose to share is not subject to this Privacy Policy. You should review the privacy policies of those sites or services to make an informed decision about whether to share your information. Further, you should review your account settings on those sites to ensure that you are comfortable sharing your information with the audience chosen in that account. Please be advised Whitewater Ski Resort privacy policy is not applicable for third party policy with individual policy.
Whitewater Ski Resort will not be responsible for any breach or loss of personal info or data in using our third party business partners.
Changes to the Policy
We may change this Policy from time to time and will post the revised Policy on our Sites. The changes will only apply to Personal Information we collect after we have posted the revised Policy. If we make material changes to the way we collect, use or disclose Personal Information, we will notify you by means that are appropriate, including potentially posting a clear and prominent announcement on our Sites or alerting you through direct communication. To the extent allowed by applicable law, your continued access to or use of Whitewater Ski Resort following notice of material changes to this Policy shall constitute consent to any amendments and/or modifications. Where required by law we will provide separate notice or seek separate consent for changes to our privacy policy or practices.
Related pages
The Experience
Whitewater History
First Name
Last Name
Email Address
Resort News
Daily Snow Report
Snow Report > 10cm
Snow Report > 20cm