http://www.female-bodybuilders.org/privacy-policy?ml=1
Privacy Policy
Female-Bodybuilders.org may collect non-personal and non-identifying information from our visitors including but not limited to browser type and screen resolution. Personally-identifiable information is only collected when visitors opt-in to receive periodic mailings (newsletter). This personal information is limited to your email address. More information may be requested under certain circumstances, but if this becomes necessary, you will be made aware of our intentions at the time the information is collected. Users may choose to visit our site anonymously if they wish. Your personal data like first name, last name, credit card numbers are collected by our payment processors, that means we will never know them. Any of the information we collect from you may be used to personalize your experience, to administer promotions or other site features, or to send periodic emails. The email address you provide will only be used to send solicited mailings, and will never be used for sending un-solicited information or for third part marketing purposes. If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you may do so from the subscriptions page of our website or by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the e-mail. Female-Bodybuilders.org uses Cookies (small files that a website stores on your computer enabling the site to recognize your computer and remember certain information). We use cookies to remember and save your preferences for future visits, including but not limited to comments and ratings posted in certain areas of the Female-Bodybuilders.org website. Third party groups that serve ads onto the Female-Bodybuilders.org may use their own cookies. If you prefer not to accept cookies from our website, please consult your web browser’s documentation for information on how to block them. We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer any personal data we collect to outside parties. Our website includes links to third party products and services. These third party sites have their own privacy policies and terms of use. We have no responsibility or liability for the content of these linked sites. We nonetheless welcome any feedback about the sites and services we link to. By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy. If at any time we make changes to this privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. Should you have other questions or concerns about this privacy policy, please send us an email by http://www.Female-Bodybuilders.org/contact