https://www.woodbrothersracing.com/terms/
Search
VISIT US
Skip to content
BUY TICKETS
Website Terms of Use
Last Modified: December 12, 2017
Acceptance of the Terms of Use.
Glen Wood Company d/b/a Wood Brothers Racing, a Virginia corporation (“Company”, “we” or “us”) maintains the website www.woodbrothersracing.com, including any content, functionality and services offered on or through www.woodbrothersracing.com (the “Website”).  The following terms and conditions (“Terms of Use”) govern your access to and use of the Website, whether as a guest or a registered user.
Please read the Terms of Use carefully before you start to use the Website.  By using the Website, or by clicking to accept or agree to the Terms of Use when this option is made available to you, you accept and agree to be bound and abide by these Terms of Use.  If you do not want to agree to these Terms of Use, you must not access or use the Website.
This Website is offered and available only to users who are at least thirteen years of age and who reside in the United States.  If you are agreeing to be bound by this Agreement on behalf of your employer or another entity, you must have the full legal authority to bind your employer or such entity to this Agreement.  By using the Website, you represent and warrant that you meet all of the foregoing eligibility requirements.  If you do not meet all of these requirements, you must not access or use the Website.
Changes to the Terms of Use.
We may revise and update these Terms of Use from time to time in our sole discretion.  Changes are effective immediately when we post them, but are not retroactive.  Your continued use of the Website following the posting of revised Terms of Use means that you accept and agree to the changes.  You must check this page frequently so that you are aware of any changes, and immediately discontinue access or use of the Website if you do not want to agree to the revised Terms of Use.
Acceptance of Privacy Policy
All information we collect on the Website is subject to our Privacy Policy.  By using the Website, or by clicking to accept or agree to the Terms of Use when this option is made available to you, you accept and agree to be bound and abide by our Privacy Policy.  If you do not want to agree to our Privacy Policy, you must not provide us any personal information.
Our Website is hosted in the United States and our services are provided from the United States.  It is possible that certain information will be stored on servers in multiple other countries on the “cloud” or other similar distributed hosting platforms.   If you are a user accessing our Website or services from the European Union, Asia or any other region with laws governing personal data collection, use, and disclosure that differ from United States laws, you are expressly and knowingly consenting to the transfer of your personal information to the United States and other jurisdictions as indicated above, and to our use of your personal information in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Accessing the Website and Account Security.
We reserve the right to withdraw or amend this Website, and any service or material we provide on the Website, in our sole discretion without notice.  We will not be liable if for any reason all or any part of the Website is unavailable at any time or for any period.  From time to time, we may restrict access to some parts of the Website, or the entire Website, to users, including registered users.
You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to the Website.  To access the Website or some of the resources it offers, you may be asked to provide certain registration details or other information.  You must provide information that is correct, current and complete.  You agree that all information you provide to register with this Website or otherwise, including but not limited to through the use of any interactive features on the Website, is governed by our Privacy Policy, and you consent to all actions we take with respect to your information consistent with our Privacy Policy.
If you choose, or are provided with, a user name, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential, and you must not disclose it to any other person or entity.  You also acknowledge that your account is personal to you and agree not to provide any other person with access to the Website or portions of it using your user name, password or other security information.  If you permit any other person to use your account, you will be responsible for their activities while using the Website.   You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized access to or use of your user name or password or any other breach of security.  You also agree to ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session.  You should use particular caution when accessing your account from a public or shared computer so that others are not able to view or record your password or other personal information. We have the right to disable any user name, password or other identifier, whether chosen by you or provided by us, at any time in our sole discretion if, in our opinion, the continued use of that user name, password or other identifier would be inappropriate.
Intellectual Property Rights.
The Website and its entire contents, features and functionality (including but not limited to all information, software, text, displays, images, video and audio, and the design, selection and arrangement thereof) are owned by the Company, its licensors or other providers of such material and are protected by United States and international copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws.  These Terms of Use permit you to use the Website for your personal, non-commercial use only.
Your computer may temporarily store copies of such materials incidental to your accessing and viewing those materials, and your Web browser may store files that are automatically cached for display enhancement purposes.  You must not otherwise reproduce, distribute, modify, create derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, republish, download, store or transmit any of the material on our Website, except as follows:
You may print or download one copy of a reasonable number of pages of the Website for your own personal, non-commercial use and not for further reproduction, publication or distribution.
If we choose to provide desktop, mobile or other applications for download, you may download a single copy to your computer or mobile device solely for your own personal, non-commercial use, provided you agree to be bound by our end user license agreement for such applications.
You must not modify copies of any materials from this Website nor use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from the accompanying text.  You must never delete or alter any copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights notices from copies of materials from the Website.  You must not access or use for any commercial purposes any part of the Website or any services or materials available through the Website.  If you wish to make any use of material on the Website other than that set out in this section, please address your request to: info@woodbrothersracing.com.
If you print, copy, modify, download or otherwise use or provide any other person with access to any part of the Website in breach of the Terms of Use, your right to use the Website will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made.  No right, title or interest in or to the Website or any content on the Website is being transferred to you, and all rights not expressly granted are reserved by the Company.  Any use of the Website not expressly permitted by these Terms of Use is a breach of these Terms of Use and may violate copyright, trademark and other laws.
Trademarks.
The Company name, the terms Wood Brothers Racing Team, and all related names, logos, product and service names, designs and slogans are trademarks of the Company or its affiliates or licensors.  You must not use such marks without the prior written permission of the Company.  All other names, logos, product and service names, designs and slogans on this Website are the trademarks of their respective owners.
Prohibited Uses.
You may use the Website only for lawful purposes and in accordance with these Terms of Use.  You agree not to use the Website:
In any way that violates any applicable federal, state, local or international law or regulation (including, without limitation, any laws regarding the export of data or software to and from the US or other countries).
For the purpose of exploiting, harming or attempting to exploit or harm minors in any way by exposing them to inappropriate content, asking for personally identifiable information or otherwise.
To send, receive, upload, download, use or re-use any material that does not comply with the Content Standards set out in these Terms of Use.
To transmit any advertising or promotional material, including any “junk mail”, “chain letter” or “spam” or any other similar solicitation.
To impersonate or attempt to impersonate the Company, a Company employee, another user or any other person or entity.
To engage in any other conduct that restricts or inhibits anyone’s use or enjoyment of the Website, or that may harm the Company or users of the Website or expose them to liability.
Additionally, you agree not to use the Website in any manner that could disable, overburden, damage, or impair the site or interfere with any other party’s use of the Website, including their ability to engage in real time activities through the Website.  Without limitation, you must not:
Use any robot, spider or other automatic device, process or means to access the Website for any purpose, including monitoring or copying any of the material on the Website.
Introduce any viruses, trojan horses, worms, logic bombs or other material that is malicious or technologically harmful or attack the Website via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of-service attack.
Attempt to gain unauthorized access to, interfere with, damage or disrupt any parts of the Website, the server on which the Website is stored, or any server, computer or database connected to the Website.
User Contributions.
The Website may contain message boards, chat rooms, personal web pages or profiles, forums, bulletin boards, and other interactive features (collectively, “Interactive Services”) that allow users to post, submit, publish, display or transmit to other users or other persons content or materials (collectively, “User Contributions”) on or through the Website.
You must own or control all rights in and to your User Contributions, and all of your User Contributions must comply with the Content Standards set out in these Terms of Use.  Any User Contribution you post to the Website will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary.  By providing any User Contribution on the Website, you grant the Company and its affiliates and service providers the right to use, reproduce, modify, perform, display, distribute and otherwise disclose to third parties any such material for any purpose.
You understand and acknowledge that you are responsible for any User Contributions you submit or contribute and that you have full responsibility for such content, including its legality, reliability, accuracy and appropriateness.  We are not responsible for the content or accuracy of any User Contributions posted by you or any other user of the Website.
Content Standards.
User Contributions must in their entirety comply with all applicable federal, state, local and international laws and regulations.  Without limiting the foregoing, User Contributions must not:
Contain any material that is defamatory, obscene, indecent, abusive, offensive, harassing, violent, hateful, inflammatory or otherwise objectionable.
Promote sexually explicit or pornographic material, violence or discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age.
Infringe any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other intellectual property or other rights of any other person.
Violate the legal rights (including the rights of publicity and privacy) of others or contain any material that could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under applicable laws or regulations or that otherwise may be in conflict with these Terms of Use or our Privacy Policy.
Be likely to deceive any person.
Promote any illegal activity, or advocate, promote or assist any unlawful act.
Cause annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety or be likely to upset, embarrass, alarm or annoy any other person.
Impersonate any person, or misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any person or organization.
Involve commercial activities or sales, such as contests, sweepstakes and other sales promotions, barter or advertising.
Give the impression that they emanate from or are endorsed by us or any other person or entity, if this is not the case.
Monitoring and Enforcement; Termination.
We have the right to take any actions that we consider to be appropriate to ensure that the Website is operated in an appropriate manner.  We may remove or refuse to post any User Contributions for any or no reason in our sole discretion, and we may take any action with respect to any User Contribution that we deem necessary or appropriate in our sole discretion, including if we believe that such User Contribution violates the Terms of Use, including the Content Standards, infringes any intellectual property right or other right of any person or entity, threatens the personal safety of users of the Website or the public or could create liability for the Company.  We may disclose your identity or other information about you to any third party who claims that material posted by you violates their rights, including their intellectual property rights or their right to privacy.  We may terminate or suspend your access to all or part of the Website for any reason that we determine to be adequate, including any violation of these Terms of Use.
Without limiting the foregoing, we have the right to fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing us to disclose the identity or other information of anyone posting any materials on or through the Website.  YOU WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO ASSERT ANY CLAIMS RESULTING FROM ANY SUCH ACTION TAKEN BY THE COMPANY.
We do not undertake to review all material before it is posted on the Website, and cannot ensure prompt removal of objectionable material after it has been posted.  Accordingly, we assume no liability for any action or inaction regarding transmissions, communications or content provided by any user or third party.  We have no liability or responsibility to anyone for performance or nonperformance of the activities described in this section.
Copyright Infringement.
If you believe that any User Contributions violate your copyright, please see our Copyright Policy for instructions on sending us a notice of copyright infringement.  It is the policy of the Company to terminate the user accounts of repeat infringers.
Reliance on Information Posted.
The information presented on or through the Website is made available solely for general information purposes.  We do not warrant the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of this information, and any reliance you place on such information is strictly at your own risk.  We disclaim all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance placed on such materials by you or any other visitor to the Website, or by anyone who may be informed of any of its contents.
The Website may include content provided by third parties, including materials provided by other users, bloggers and third-party licensors, syndicators, aggregators and/or reporting services.  All statements and/or opinions expressed in these materials, and all articles and responses to questions and other content, other than the content provided by the Company, are solely the opinions and the responsibility of the person or entity providing those materials.  These materials do not necessarily reflect the opinion of the Company.  We are not responsible, or liable to you or any third party, for the content or accuracy of any materials provided by any third parties.
Changes to the Website.
We may update the content on the Website from time to time, but its content is not necessarily complete or up-to-date.  Any of the material on the Website may be out of date at any given time, and we are under no obligation to update such material.
Online Purchases and Newsletter.
By providing your email address and signing up to receive communications from us via our Website, you agree to be enrolled in our newsletter distribution list for periodic updates on the latest news and weekend race updates.  The name and e-mail address shared by those opting in to receive the newsletter will be shared with NASCAR.com subject to its privacy policy located at https://www.nascar.com/privacy-policy/.  Each user’s e-mail preferences may be updated at any time by clicking the applicable links at the bottom of such email.
The Website offers for sale various Wood Brothers Racing hats, t-shirts, decals, die cast collectibles and other memorabilia (“Products”) for sale through Big Cartel, LLC.  All sales of Products are subject to Big Cartel, LLC’s terms of service and privacy policy (available here: https://help.bigcartel.com/topic/legal).  Additionally, any Product purchases shall be governed by the below listed terms of sale (“Terms of Sale”).  YOU MAY NOT ORDER OR OBTAIN PRODUCTS FROM THIS WEBSITE IF YOU (A)     DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS OF SALE, (B) ARE NOT THE OLDER OF (i) AT LEAST 18 YEARS OF AGE OR (ii) LEGAL AGE TO FORM A BINDING CONTRACT WITH COMPANY, OR (C) ARE PROHIBITED FROM ACCESSING OR USING THIS WEBSITE OR ANY OF THIS WEBSITE’S CONTENTS OR GOODS BY APPLICABLE LAW.
Availability: The inclusion of any Products on the Website does not imply or warrant that these products or services will be available at any particular time. We may make changes to information about availability or other product attributes without notice.
Color of Product: The actual color of the Product may differ from the color you will see on Website due to your computer system and mobile device, and we cannot guarantee any color, texture or detail of actual Products you see when viewing Website will be accurate.
Pricing: All prices, discounts and promotions posted on this Website are subject to change without notice and Company does not provide price protection or refunds in the event of promotions or price decreases. The price charged for a Product will be the price in effect at the time the order is placed and will be set out in your order confirmation email.  Price increases will only apply to orders placed after such changes.  Posted prices do not include taxes or charges for shipping and handling.  All such taxes and charges will be added to your merchandise total, and will be itemized in your shopping cart and in your order confirmation email.  We strive to display accurate price information, however we may, on occasion, make inadvertent typographical errors, inaccuracies or omissions related to pricing and availability.  We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies, or omissions at any time.  In the event a Product is listed at an incorrect price due to typographical error or error in pricing or other information, we will have the right to cancel orders of any such Product, whether or not the order has been confirmed and/or your credit card or other payment method has been charged.  If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, we will refund any such charges within a commercially reasonable period of time after cancellation.
Promotions: We may offer from time to time promotions on the Website that may affect pricing and that are governed by separate terms of sale. If there is a conflict between the terms for a promotion and the Terms of Sale set forth in this Terms of Use, the promotion terms will govern.
Payment Methods: All payments made for Products are handled entirely by third-party payment processors and are therefore subject to the terms, conditions and data security procedures outlined on such third-parties’ websites (The terms, condition and data security procedures for Paypal, the Website’s current third-party processor, are available here: https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/ua/legalhub-full). No credit card information will be retained by Company for any purchases made on or through the Website.  To dispute any charge, you must notify Company within thirty days after the date that the charge was posted to your account.
Shipment and Risk of loss: We will arrange for shipment of the Products to you. Please check the individual Product page for specific delivery options.  You will pay all shipping and handling charges specified during the ordering process.  Shipping and handling charges are reimbursement for the costs we incur in the processing, handling, packing, shipping and delivery of your order.  Title and risk of loss transfer to you upon delivery of Product to the third-party carrier. Shipping and delivery dates are only estimates and cannot be guaranteed.  We are not liable for any delays in shipments.  You are responsible for filing any claims with carriers for damaged and/or lost shipments.
Order Acceptance and Cancellation: You agree that your order is an offer to buy under these Terms of Sale all Products listed in your order. We reserve the right, without prior notice, to limit the order quantity on any Product, to refuse service to any customer, or to cancel any order, including after it is submitted.  Your receipt of an order confirmation from us does not signify our acceptance of your order, nor does it constitute confirmation of our offer to sell.
Compliance with Law: It is your responsibility to ascertain and obey all applicable local, state, federal and international laws (including minimum age requirements) in regard to the possession, use and sale of any Product purchased using the Website. By placing an order, you represent that the products ordered will be used only in a lawful manner, in accordance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations, including copyright law.
Returns and Refunds: We want to ensure you are satisfied and will accept a return of any Product for a refund of your purchase price, less the original shipping and handling costs, provided such return is made within thirty days of delivery with valid proof of purchase and provided such Products are returned in their original condition with all tags attached. Refund requests must be made directly to info@woodbrothersracing.com within the thirty day period. You are responsible for all shipping and handling charges on returned items, and you bear the risk of loss during shipment.  Refunds are processed within approximately three business days of our receipt of the returned Product.  Your refund will be credited back to the same payment method used to make the original purchase.
Warranty and Disclaimers: We do not manufacture or control any of the Products offered on our Website. The availability of Products through our Website does not indicate an affiliation with or endorsement of any Product or manufacturer.  Accordingly, we do not provide any warranties with respect to the Products offered on our Website.  However, the Products offered on our Website are covered by the manufacturer’s warranty as may be included with the Product.  To obtain warranty service for defective Products, please follow the instructions included in the manufacturer’s warranty.
ALL PRODUCTS OFFERED ON THIS WEBSITE ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY (A) WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY; (B) WARRANTY OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE; OR (C) WARRANTY AGAINST INFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OF A THIRD PARTY; WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED BY LAW, COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, USAGE OF TRADE, OR OTHERWISE.  SOME JURISDICTIONS LIMIT OR DO NOT ALLOW THE DISCLAIMER OF IMPLIED OR OTHER WARRANTIES SO THE ABOVE DISCLAIMER MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.  YOU AFFIRM THAT WE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE, UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES, FOR ANY BREACH OF WARRANTY CLAIMS OR FOR ANY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE MANUFACTURER’S FAILURE TO HONOR ITS WARRANTY OBLIGATIONS TO YOU.
Limitation of Liability: IN NO EVENT SHALL WE BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE OR ENHANCED DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS OR REVENUES OR DIMINUTION IN VALUE, ARISING OUT OF, OR RELATING TO, AND/OR IN CONNECTION WITH ANY BREACH OF THESE TERMS OF SALE, REGARDLESS OF (A) WHETHER SUCH DAMAGES WERE FORESEEABLE, (B) WHETHER OR NOT WE WERE ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES AND (C) THE LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY (CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) UPON WHICH THE CLAIM IS BASED.  OUR SOLE AND ENTIRE MAXIMUM LIABILITY AND YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE ACTUAL AMOUNT PAID BY YOU FOR THE PRODUCTS YOU HAVE ORDERED THROUGH OUR SITE.
The limitation of liability set forth above shall only apply to the extent permitted by law.
Collection of Personal Information and Privacy: We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it. Our Privacy Policy governs the processing of all personal data collected from you in connection with your purchase of Products through the Website.
Force Majeure: We will not be liable or responsible to you, nor be deemed to have defaulted or breached these Terms of Sale, for any failure or delay in our performance under these Terms of Sale when and to the extent such failure or delay is caused by or results from acts or circumstances beyond our reasonable control, including, without limitation, acts of God, flood, fire, earthquake, explosion, governmental actions, war, invasion or hostilities (whether war is declared or not), terrorist threats or acts, riot or other civil unrest, national emergency, revolution, insurrection, epidemic, lockouts, strikes or other labor disputes (whether or not relating to our workforce), or restraints or delays affecting carriers or inability or delay in obtaining supplies of adequate or suitable materials, materials or telecommunication breakdown or power outage.
Incorporation of General Provisions: These Terms of Sale are contained in and are made part of the Terms of Use specifically incorporate all applicable terms by reference.
User Suggestions.
We understand that our fans are as excited as we are about Wood Brothers Racing and from time to time users may wish to submit their suggestions, designs or ideas for new products to be offered for sale via this Website or new ideas for this Website itself.  If you provide to us or to our affiliates any suggestions, designs or ideas for new products to be offered for sale via this Website or for enhancements or improvements to our existing products offered for sale via this Website or to this Website itself (collectively, “Suggestions”), we and our affiliates will be entitled to use the Suggestions without restriction.  You hereby irrevocably assign to us all right, title and interest in and to the Suggestions and agree to provide us any assistance we require to document, perfect and maintain our rights in the Suggestions.
Links to Other Sites.
You may create a link from another site that you own to our homepage, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it.  You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part.  You may not establish a link from any website that is not owned by you and you may not link to any part of the Website other than the homepage.  Any website on which you create a link must comply in all respects with the Content Standards set out in these Terms of Use.  We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.
If the Website contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your convenience only.  This includes links contained in advertisements, including banner advertisements and sponsored links.  We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources, and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.  If you decide to access any of the third party websites linked to the Website, you do so entirely at your own risk and subject to the terms and conditions of use for such websites.
The Website may provide certain social media features that enable you to link from your own or certain third-party websites to certain content on the Website, send e-mails or other communications with certain content, or links to certain content, on the Website, or cause limited portions of content on the Website to be displayed or appear to be displayed on your own or certain third-party websites.  You may use these features solely as they are provided by us and otherwise in accordance with any additional terms and conditions we provide with respect to such features.  In addition to the limitations on linking set forth above, you may not cause the Website or portions of it to be displayed, or appear to be displayed by framing, deep linking or in-line linking on any other site.
Geographic Restrictions.
The owner of the Website is based in the state of Virginia in the United States.  We provide the Website for use only by persons located in the United States.  We make no claims that the Website or any of its content is accessible or appropriate outside of the United States.  Access to the Website may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries.  If you access the Website from outside the United States, you do so on your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws.
Disclaimer of Warranties.
We cannot and do not guarantee or warrant that files available for downloading from the Internet or the Website will be free of viruses or other destructive code.  You are responsible for implementing sufficient procedures and checkpoints to satisfy your particular requirements for anti-virus protection and accuracy of data input and output, and for maintaining a means external to our site for any reconstruction of any lost data.  WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE CAUSED BY A DISTRIBUTED DENIAL-OF-SERVICE ATTACK, VIRUSES OR OTHER TECHNOLOGICALLY HARMFUL MATERIAL THAT MAY INFECT YOUR COMPUTER EQUIPMENT, COMPUTER PROGRAMS, DATA OR OTHER PROPRIETARY MATERIAL DUE TO YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE OR ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE OR TO YOUR DOWNLOADING OF ANY MATERIAL POSTED ON IT, OR ON ANY WEBSITE LINKED TO IT.
THE WEBSITE, ITS CONTENT AND ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS, AND THE COMPANY HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  NEITHER THE COMPANY NOR ANY PERSON ASSOCIATED WITH THE COMPANY MAKES ANY WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION WITH RESPECT TO THE COMPLETENESS, SECURITY, RELIABILITY, QUALITY, ACCURACY OR AVAILABILITY OF THE WEBSITE.
THE FOREGOING DOES NOT AFFECT ANY WARRANTIES WHICH CANNOT BE EXCLUDED OR LIMITED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.
Limitation on Liability.
IN NO EVENT WILL THE COMPANY, ITS AFFILIATES OR THEIR LICENSORS, SERVICE PROVIDERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, OFFICERS OR DIRECTORS BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, UNDER ANY LEGAL THEORY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE WEBSITE, INCLUDING ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR PERSONAL INJURY, PAIN AND SUFFERING, EMOTIONAL DISTRESS, LOSS OF REVENUE, LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF BUSINESS OR ANTICIPATED SAVINGS, LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF GOODWILL OR LOSS OF DATA, WHETHER CAUSED BY TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), BREACH OF CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF FORESEEABLE.
THE FOREGOING DOES NOT AFFECT ANY LIABILITY WHICH CANNOT BE EXCLUDED OR LIMITED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.
Indemnification.
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless the Company and its affiliates, and their licensors, service providers, employees, agents, officers and directors, from and against any claims, liabilities, damages, judgments, awards, losses, costs, expenses or fees (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) arising out of or relating to your violation of these Terms of Use.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction.
All matters relating to the Website and these Terms of Use and any dispute or claim arising therefrom or related thereto (in each case, including non-contractual disputes or claims), shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Virginia without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Virginia or any other jurisdiction).
Any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of or related to these Terms of Use or the Website shall be instituted exclusively in the federal courts of the United States in Virginia, or the courts of the State of Virginia, except that we retain the right to bring any suit, action or proceeding against you for breach of these Terms of Use in your country of residence or any other relevant country.  You waive any and all objections to the exercise of jurisdiction over you by such courts and to venue in such courts.
Limitation on Time to File Claims.
ANY CAUSE OF ACTION OR CLAIM YOU MAY HAVE ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS OF USE OR THE WEBSITE MUST BE COMMENCED WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES.  OTHERWISE, SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION OR CLAIM IS PERMANENTLY BARRED.
Waiver and Severability.
No waiver by the Company of any term or condition set forth in these Terms of Use shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or condition or a waiver of any other term or condition, and any failure of the Company to assert a right or provision under these Terms of Use shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.  If any provision of these Terms of Use is held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be eliminated or limited to the minimum extent such that the remaining provisions of the Terms of Use will continue in full force and effect.
Entire Agreement.
The Terms of Use, Copyright Policy and our Privacy Policy constitute the sole and entire agreement between you and Glen Wood Company d/b/a Wood Brothers Racing with respect to the Website and supersede all prior and contemporaneous understandings, agreements, representations and warranties, both written and oral, with respect to the Website.
Your Comments and Concerns.
This website is operated by NASCAR Digital Media, LLC, a Florida limited liability company with its principal place of business at International Motorsports Center, One Daytona Boulevard, Daytona Beach, Florida 32114.
All notices of copyright infringement claims should be sent to the copyright agent designated in our Copyright Policy in the manner and by the means set forth therein.
All other feedback, comments, requests for technical support and other communications relating to the Website should be directed to: info@woodbrothersracing.com.