https://www.newforestpony.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - New Forest Pony & Cattle Breeding
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebar Skip to footer
Holders of Stud Book of Origin
New Forest Pony & Cattle BreedingNew Forest Pony & Cattle Breeding
01425 672775
Home
News & Events
2020 Diary Dates
Latest News
About the Breed
History of the New Forest Pony
New Forest Pony Showing Rules
Breed Standard of the New Forest Pony
Judges 2019
Shop
Annual Show
Membership
New Forest Pony Publications
New Registrations/Passports/Prefix
Performance Pony Competition
2020 Annual Performance Pony Competition Results
Transfers, Upgrades, Duplicates or Basic Passports and Microchip added form
Membership
Society Rules
Registration/Passports
Download/Purchase Passports
Performance & Grading
New Forest Pony Elite Scheme
Elite Shows 2019
Forestfed Results
Forest Mare Grading 2019
Annual Performance Pony competition
Performance Grades
Dressage Grading 2018
Breeding
Forestrun Stallions
Autumn Colt Inspections 2020
2019 Colt Inspection Results
Further Information
Stallion Licensing
Studbook Online
PSSM
The New Forest
Annual Breed Show
Breed Show Champions
Ridden and Performance Class Results
Championship Results 2019,HOYS Results and Marksheets
Inhand Results
Annual Breed Show Schedule
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
You are here: Home / Privacy PolicyWho we are
Our website address is: https://www.newforestpony.com.
New Forest Pony Breeding & Cattle Society
Deepslade House,
Ringwood Rd,
Bransgore,
Hampshire BH23 8AA.
Tel/Fax: 01425 672775
Email us: info (at) newforestpony (dot) com
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Contact forms
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Google Analytics
Our website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). The information generated by the cookie about your use of our website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of our website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.  Further information about Google’s privacy policy may be obtained from http://www.google.com/privacy/.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognise and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
WooCommerce
We collect information about you during the checkout process on our store.
What we collect and store
While you visit our site, we’ll track:
Products you’ve viewed: we’ll use this to, for example, show you products you’ve recently viewed
Location, IP address and browser type: we’ll use this for purposes like estimating taxes and shipping
Shipping address: we’ll ask you to enter this so we can, for instance, estimate shipping before you place an order, and send you the order!
We’ll also use cookies to keep track of basket contents while you’re browsing our site.
When you purchase from us, we’ll ask you to provide information including your name, billing address, shipping address, email address, phone number, credit card/payment details and optional account information like username and password. We’ll use this information for purposes, such as, to:
Send you information about your account and order
Respond to your requests, including refunds and complaints
Process payments and prevent fraud
Set up your account for our store
Comply with any legal obligations we have, such as calculating taxes
Improve our store offerings
Send you marketing messages, if you choose to receive them
If you create an account, we will store your name, address, email and phone number, which will be used to populate the checkout for future orders.
We generally store information about you for as long as we need the information for the purposes for which we collect and use it, and we are not legally required to continue to keep it. For example, we will store order information for XXX years for tax and accounting purposes. This includes your name, email address and billing and shipping addresses.
We will also store comments or reviews, if you choose to leave them.
Who on our team has access
Members of our team have access to the information you provide us. For example, both Administrators and Shop Managers can access:
Order information like what was purchased, when it was purchased and where it should be sent, and
Customer information like your name, email address, and billing and shipping information.
Our team members have access to this information to help fulfill orders, process refunds and support you.
What we share with others
We share information with third parties who help us provide our orders and store services to you; for example – Google Analytics and PayPal.
Payments
We accept payments through PayPal. When processing payments, some of your data will be passed to PayPal, including information required to process or support the payment, such as the purchase total and billing information.
Primary SidebarSearch this website
IMPORTANT INFORMATION
NEW FOREST ANIMAL EMERGENCY HOTLINES
BEAULIEU ROAD SALES 2020
Download Now
COMPULSORY MICROCHIPPING
STUDBOOK ONLINE
SHOP CATEGORIES
Annual Show
Membership
New Forest Pony Publications
New Registrations/Passports/Prefix
Performance Pony Competition
Transfers, Upgrades, Duplicates or Basic Passports and Microchip added form
SHOPPING BASKET
FooterInformation
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Social Media & Internet Policy
Council Members
Committee Members
News & Events
Novice WHP Champions at NPS Autumn Festival…Ridden Championship success for Emily & Motty…Boxing Day Point To PointTop Colt at the inspections…Kate & Sparky at Moreton ODE…
Society Clothing
Clothing with society logo can now be ordered direct from the suppliers. You have the choice of having the full logo-with the pony  or just the text. Several colours available. More lines will be added as requested.
Visit Store
Contact Details
New Forest Pony Breeding & Cattle Society
Deepslade House,
Ringwood Rd,
Bransgore,
Hampshire BH23 8AA.
Tel/Fax: 01425 672775
Email us: info (at) newforestpony (dot) com
Chairman of Council
Suzanne Kempe
Society Secretary
Jane Murray
Society Treasurer
Kathy Clarke
© 2020 · New Forest Pony & Cattle Breeding Society, All Rights Reserved · Charity Reg No 1064746 · Ltd Company No 03421046
· Developed by Seemore Graphics