http://www.lavuelta.com/en/cookies-policy
Menu
Route
Rankings
Teams
The Race
Host Cities
Videos & Photos
Partners
The Race
News
Quotes
Sporting stakes & Rules
History
La Vuelta 20 Media Impact
The future on a bike
COVID-19
Interactive roadbook
Podcast
Other Events
Official Broadcasters
La Vuelta Junior Cofidis
Media Area
Tour Operators
Store
Privacy Notice & Cookies Policy for the Web site lavuelta.es/en
A. Privacy Notice
Amaury Sport Organisation (hereinafter indiscriminately "A.S.O." or "We") knows that for You, as a User, i.e. as a visitor browsing the official website of La Vuelta (hereinafter “the race”) www.lavuelta.es/en (hereinafter the "Site", it is very important to know how Your personal data is processed and We do acknowledge the importance of protecting your privacy. That's why, as the Data Controller of Your Personal data, we do everything to protect a and respect Your Privacy.
The only personal data processed by the Site are Cookies. Your Consent will be required before accepting them.
You can change Your Consent at any time.
Facebook, Twitter, Instagram or YouTube can process other Personal data concerning You if You already have an active account in their social networks and wish to follow the race in the official pages of the race. We assume that You have already read and accepted the terms and conditions of their respective Privacy Policies. They shall inform You about Your rights, how to exercise them and how to set up Your Consent. Please be aware that We have no control over the process used by any of these Social networks to collect information about Your browsing and how they associate it with Your personal data.
I. Definitions
The terms beginning by capital letter refer to the definitions settled by Article 4 of the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (« GDPR »):
“Consent”: means any freely given, specific, informed and unambiguous indication of the data subject's wishes by which he or she, by a statement or by a clear affirmative action, signifies agreement to the processing of personal data relating to him or her;
“Personal data”: means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (hereinafter “person concerned”); an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person;
“Data controller”: means the natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data; A.S.O. will be considered as a Data Controller.
II. Data collected by the Official pages of the race in the Social Networks
When You have an account with Facebook, Twitter, Instagram or YouTube, You can follow the race in any of its Official Pages. It supposes that You have already been informed about the manner Social Networks process Your Personal data and that You have already read and accepted their own Privacy and Cookies Policies. In the event You have not done it yet, We invite you to do so. You will be informed about Your rights and the process to be followed to exercise them.
B. Cookies Policy
What is a cookie?
Cookies refer to small text files or tracers that are likely to be placed, read and stored on any of Your devices (computer, tablet, smartphone) when You visit Our Site. A unique identifier is assigned to Your device which allows the Site to remember Your actions and preferences for a specified legal period (i.e. location, the language or the font size You prefer and other display preferences). Therefore, You do not to provide certain information every time You access the Site or when You browse from page to page. Cookies can also help Us to customize Your browsing experience. These cookies allow us to get to know you better, personalize Your user experience, propose to You offers and products that fit Your interests, and make it easier for You to browse the site.
I. Different types of cookies
There are two main categories of cookies: The Session cookies and the Persistent cookies.
Session cookies allow the Site to track Your browsing from page to page so that you are not required to give Us again the information You have already communicated to the Site. Cookies allow You to browse many pages of the Site swiftly and easily and they disappear automatically when You leave Your browser.
Persistent cookies help the Site to remember Your information and settings for Your next Visit to the Site. It results in a faster access for you.
The first time You visit the Site, it is displayed in a “by default” mode. During Your visit, You select your preferences, which are kept in memory for Your next visit to the Site through the use of Persistent Cookies.
Persistent cookies are split into two categories:
I. Our own cookies (First Party Cookies)
II. Third Party Cookies.
I. Our own cookies (First Party Cookies)
The cookies We drop on Your device are used for the purposes described below, subject to the preferences and settings You customized in the Cookies Settings.
1. Essential Cookies
These cookies allow You to browse properly on the Site. Without them, You would not be able neither to browse the Site nor to use some of its functionalities. As these cookies are essential they cannot be deactivated. These cookies do not keep any personal data. Therefore, their status appears as "Always Active."
2. Functionality Cookies
This site does not use Functionality cookies. As You are only a visitor of the Site, the language set up is determined by the language of Your browser. No choices are remembered. In the event You change the language of Your browser, the Site will be displayed accordingly.
3. Analytics Cookies
These cookies allow Us to analyze the browsing of Our Site, to make statistics and to improve Your user experience. The analyses are carried out on anonymized aggregated data.
For example, analytics cookies show us the most frequently visited pages, allow Us to better understand the overall usage of the Site and anticipate the issues You could face. These cookies allow Us to improve the Site.
4. Targeting Cookies
These cookies collect information about your browsing habits in order to make advertising relevant to you and your interest.
II. Third Party Cookies
Since A.S.O. does not manage the cookies placed in the Site by Third Parties, A.S.O. cannot be held liable of the manner they use and process Your personal data. We invite You to read their own Privacy and Cookies Policies so that You can understand how Your data is used. You can also learn how to disable the use of cookies by following their instructions.
1. Social Network and Video Cookies
If You already have an account with Twitter, Facebook, Instagram or YouTube, You will be able to follow the race in any of the Official Pages of La Vuelta. You acknowledge to be aware of their respective Cookies Policies. If this is not such the case, We invite You to read them carefully to be aware about how You can activate and deactivate them.
III. Configuring Cookies
1. Through Our Consent Management Platform (recommended)
Our Site allows You to configure the cookies You want to be placed on Your device. You can do it at Your first connection by using the interface which is directly reachable from the Cookie banner. You can change Your mind at any time and set the cookies up through the Cookie Settings.
2. By setting up your internet browser (not recommended)
Some internet browsers allow You to set up cookies. We do not recommend this solution because You are not allowed to select the cookies by Purpose.
Each browser may have a different configuration. We invite you to read their instructions by following the links below:
Internet explorer : https://support.microsoft.com/fr-fr/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies
Chrome : https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?co=GENIE.Platform%3DDesktop&hl=fr
Safari : https://support.apple.com/fr-fr/guide/safari/sfri11471/mac
Firefox : https://support.mozilla.org/fr/kb/autoriser-bloquer-cookies-preferences-sites
Opera : https://www.accepterlescookies.com/comment-accepter-les-cookies-sur-opera.html
A.S.O.is not responsible neither for the Privacy Policies of these different browsers nor for their Cookies Policy.
In the event the browser You use were not compliant, A.S.O. shall not be held responsible for that. We invite You to read carefully their Cookie and Privacy Policies.
Be aware that the DoNotTrack setting proposed by some versions of browsers is not always understood as an opposition to be tracked by advertising agencies and is therefore insufficient to manifest your choice.
IV. Cookies Retention Periods
Whether You consent to have Cookies placed on Your device, they will be kept for a period which will not exceed thirteen (13) months. At this deadline expiration (or if You manually delete Your cookies), Your consent will be required again, and You will have to reconfigure Your preferences through the Cookie Settings.
Cookie settings