http://www.supercrossking.com/store/privacypolicy.aspx
About
Contact
Register
Log in
Shopping Cart
Check Out
50cc Graphics (2)
Accessories (31)
Back to School (22)
Bedding (9)
Boardshorts (6)
Books (31)
Calendars (11)
Diecast MX Bikes (42)
Dress Shirts (5)
DVDs (78)
Goggles (16)
Graphics Kits (14)
Hats (28)
Helmets (10)
Jackets (1)
Kids Clothing (24)
Mens Clothing (12)
Posters (18)
Stickers (36)
Sunglasses (13)
Sweatshirts (37)
T-Shirts (46)
Womens (25)
Privacy Policy
SupercrossKING.com respects and protects the privacy of the individuals
that
use our web site. Individually identifiable information about you is
not
willfully disclosed to any third party without first receiving your
permission, as explained in this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy").
Overview
The privacy practices of this statement apply to our services available
under the domain and subdomains of SupercrossKING.com (the "Site")
subsidiaries or joint venture websites whose specific privacy policies
are
available from our Privacy Central pages. By visiting this website you
agree
to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. If you
do
not agree please do not use or access our Site.
By accepting the Privacy Policy you expressly consent to our use and
disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy
Policy. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and subject to the
terms of
the SupercrossKING.com User Agreement. This Privacy Policy is effective
upon
acceptance in registration for new registering users.
Cookies
Upon your first visit to SupercrossKING.com, we send a "cookie" to your
computer. A cookie is a piece of data that identifies you as a unique
user.
SupercrossKING.com uses cookies to improve the quality of our service
and to
understand our user base more. SupercrossKING.com will not disclose its
cookies to third parties except as required by a valid legal process
such as
a search warrant, subpoena, statute, or court order.
Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can reset
your
browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being
sent. Be
aware, however, that some parts of the SupercrossKING.com may not
function
properly if you refuse cookies.
What Information Do We Collect?
SupercrossKING.com does not collect any unique information about you
(such
as your name, email address, etc.) except when you specifically and
knowingly provide such information.
With Whom Does SupercrossKING.com Share Information?
SupercrossKING.com may share information about you with advertisers,
business partners, sponsors, and other third parties. However, we only
divulge aggregate information about our users and will not share
personally
identifiable information with any third party without your express
consent.
Please be aware, however, that we will release specific personal
information
about you if required to do so in order to comply with any valid legal
process such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute, or court order.
Your consent and changes to the Privacy Policy
By using the SupercrossKING.com, you consent to the collection and use
of
your information as we have outlined in this policy and to our Terms of
Service Policy. SupercrossKING.com may decide to change this Privacy
Policy
from time to time. When we do, we will post those changes on this page
so
that you are always aware of the information we collect, how we use it,
and
under what circumstances we disclose it.
How we use the information we gather and track.
We use the information to provide you with information about new
products,
services, newsletters, informative emails, and other relevant
information.
How Secure Is My Information?
We work to protect the security of your information during transmission
by
using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information
you
input.
Persons under 18
SupercrossKING.com does not sell products for purchase by children. We sell
children's products for purchase by adults. If you are under 18, you
may use
SupercrossKING.com only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
Children (persons under the age of 18) are not eligible to use the Site
unsupervised and we ask that children do not submit any personal
information
to us. If you are under the age of 18, you may only use this Site in
conjunction with and under the supervision of your parents or
guardians.
Questions, comments
To contact us regarding a privacy issue, fill out this form
Join Newsletter
The weekly newsletter to help you learn more about technology and promotions.
Product Categories
Customer Service
Help
Contact Us
About Us
Online Returns
Shopping Policy
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Your Order
Order Status
Shipping & Delivery
Returns
Follow Us