http://www.baggies.com/privacy/
What'sNew?
AlbionNews
PredictionsContest
All AboutWBA FC
FeatureArticles
AlbionGallery
CurrentSeason
BOINGForum
BOINGF.C.
WBA plcShares
BaggiesWorldwide
On yerBike !
ContactUs
username:
password:
Not yet registered?
BOING Privacy Policy
Your Privacy
BOING respects your privacy. The information that you provide us with, or that is gathered automatically from you by us or by third party sites that you
may visit by following links from BOING, is to help to monitor our service and to provide you with with the services that you have requested and the information
you're looking for. However, personal information that you submit through forums, letters or emails for publication and the like is in the public domain and may
be collected by others. If you have any concerns, questions or comments please Contact Us
BOING Mailing List
The BOING mailing list referred to on this site is run by YahooGroups, and is operated by them according to their own set of guidelines and privacy policy. For
further information, visit the YahooGroups web site at http://www.yahoogroups.com.
Emails obtained through the BOING mailing list may contain promotions or advertisements from various businesses or information on other sites or services. If at
any time you wish to unsubscribe from BOING you may do so by using the unsubscribe facility. Full details on how to subscribe and unsubscribe from BOING may be
obtained from the YahooGroups web site at the above address.
Registration
Particpation in some of the features on this site, such as competitions, may require you to register with us. We will endeavour to hold the smallest amount of
personal information possible, and its use is restricted to the purpose for which you have supplied it. This information is not divulged to any third parties for any
purpose other than the one for which you have supplied it.
Third Party Sites
Our site operates with third party sites (such as online shops). We may, on occasion, share non-personal aggregated information to these third parties.
Cookies
We may use 'cookies' to track advertising information and website usage. On certain sites, or third party sites we may utilise cookies for other purposes
such as order tracking in online shops or for targeting advertisements to particular types of visitor.
Surveys
On occasion we may conduct online surveys. This is used to gauge our service, collect demographic information and other information that we may find useful.
These surveys are optional. We may share non-personal, aggregated information with third parties.
Security
While we strive to keep the information that you supply directly or indirectly secure, please be aware that the Internet is not a fully secure medium. BOING
has no control over the connection you use to access the information we provide, or to supply personal information to us.
Computer Viruses and Other Nasties
The Internet is a powerful tool for the transmission and sharing of information and ideas, but sadly it is just as good at sharing things you might not wish to
receive. Users of the Internet should always remain vigilant and treat anything they receive from unknown sources, or anything they may not be expecting from known
sources, with suspicion. Email viruses can infect machines with great ease, may be difficult to diagnose and remove, and may cause damage to your personal information
as well as making it available to third parties. The BOING mailing list applies filtering to try and minimise the risks associated with email, but you should never
rely on others to fully protect your equipment or information.
Competitions
From time to time we operate competitions and promotions. Participation in these is optional. Information submitted may be submitted to third parties, so please
be sure to check the individual competition rules. You may also be given an option to sign up for a free email newsletter, opting out of this does not disqualify you
from a competition.
Usage of Information
If requested we may submit your information to local or government authorities.
Policy Changes
By using our site you agree to accept this privacy policy and are aware that our policy may change with time. Any changes to this policy will appear on this web page.
All text, pictures and graphics are copyright of BOING unless otherwise stated
For details regarding your personal information, please read our Privacy Policy