http://www.andymurray.com/terms-and-conditions/
Terms & Conditions
Welcome to AndyMurray.com, brought to You by 77 Management Limited. By visiting or using this website and/or any content or materials available through it (the “Site”) You agree to be bound by these Terms of Use. In these Terms of Use “You” and “Your” refer to You, the person visiting the Site or registered as a user of the Site in accordance with section 2 below, and “We”, “Us” and “Our” refers to 77 Management Limited and its holding companies, subsidiaries and other group companies as the case may be.
We reserve the right to change the Terms of Use from time to time at Our sole discretion and Your use of the Site will be subject to the most current version of the Terms of Use posted on the Site at the time of such use. We recommend that You read through the Terms of Use available on the Site from time to time so that You can be sure that You are aware of the latest version. If You breach any of the Terms of Use, Your authorisation to use this Site automatically and immediately terminates and You must immediately cease use of the Site and destroy any materials downloaded or printed from the Site.
1. Ownership and Content
1.1 This Site is owned and operated by 77 Management Limited. If You would like to make a complaint about anything contained on the Site, please contact Us using the following details:
77 Management Limited, Kings House, 174 Hammersmith Road, London, W6 7JP
Email: info@77group.com
77 Management Limited is a limited company formed under English law with company number 6923456.
2. Registration
2.1 You do not need to register as a member of the Site to browse the Site, but if We require You to register as a member of the Site and you do not You may not be able to access all of the features of the Site. If You are browsing the Site and have not yet registered as a member (if required to do so), Your use of the Site is still subject to these Terms of Use.
2.2 If Registration is required You will need to register to be able to post messages or upload content on the Site and You can register as a member via the register process. You must be at least 13 years old to register and by registering an account You are confirming that You are at least 13 years old. Your profile may be deleted and Your membership (if any) terminated without warning if We have any reason to believe that You are under 13 years of age. By using the Site and services You agree that (a) all registration information You submit is truthful and accurate; and (b) You will maintain the accuracy of such information.
2.3 As part of the registration process (if any) You will need to submit a user name and password which, if verified by Us, will be the username and password that You will be required to submit each time You log into the Site.
2.4 It is Your responsibility to keep Your username and password secret. We will be entitled to assume that any person logging into the Site using Your username and password is either You or someone doing so with Your permission. You will be responsible and liable for any actions of any person logging into or using the Site with Your username and password (including, without limitation, posting information and uploading photos or videos to profile pages). Therefore, You should notify Us immediately if You suspect that anyone else knows Your username and password or that anyone has accessed Your account. We may at any time require You to change Your username and/or password for any reason.
2.5 We may at any time and for any reason refuse to accept a registration from any person.
3. Access and use of the Site
3.1 You may not use the Site in any improper or unlawful manner or in breach of any legislation or licence that applies to You.
3.2 Without limiting the foregoing, You agree that when using the Site You will not:
(a) harass others or disclose personal information about others that could amount to harassment;
(b) publish, post, upload, store, distribute or disseminate any unlawful, defamatory, infringing, obscene, harmful, confidential, libellous, hateful, threatening or otherwise illegal material or information or anything which might constitute a criminal offence or give rise to a civil liability either for You or Us;
(c) upload files that contain software or other material which are the intellectual property rights of any third party or which are protected by rights of privacy or publicity of any third party without having received all necessary consents;
(d) upload files that contain viruses, corrupted files, or any other software or programs that may interfere with or damage the operation of the Site or any other computer;
(e) create multiple logins;
(f) impersonate others;
(g) promote any activity that is illegal;
(h) use software to harvest information from the Site; or
(i) post any content which amounts to advertising a third party product or service.
3.3 You agree that You will not use, copy, download, extract or reutilise any part of the Site or any information or content available on the Site or use or allow any third party to use, copy, download, extract for any commercial purpose.
3.4 You agree to comply with all reasonable instructions that We may give You regarding the use of the Site.
3.5 You are responsible for obtaining (at Your own cost) all necessary equipment and telecommunications services required to access and use the Site. You are responsible for ensuring that no one uses Your equipment to access the Site without Your permission. We will be entitled to assume that anyone who accesses the Site using Your equipment has Your permission to do so and You will be liable for any charges or any other costs, liabilities or damages that may be incurred by any such person.
3.6 If you are under 18 years of age, you must obtain the consent of your parent or legal guardian prior to posting any comment or material on the Site.
4. Third Party Sites and Contributors
4.1 This Site contains links to websites and microsites operated by third parties that are not under Our control and are provided to You for Your convenience only. We make no warranties or representations whatsoever about any other website which You may access through this Site or any services that they may provide, in particular where you buy any item appearing on this Site.
4.2 Without limiting the foregoing, these third party sites are in no way approved, vetted, checked or endorsed by Us and You agree that We shall not be responsible or in any way liable for the content, accuracy, compliance with relevant laws or accessibility of any information, data, advice or statements or for the quality of any products or services available on such sites. If You choose to access a website beyond Our control, You do so at Your own risk. In addition, use of any such third party website or microsite may be subject to Your acceptance of additional terms and conditions and privacy policies.
4.3 From time to time an e-commerce facility may be made available via the Site. Any such e-commerce facility will be operated by one of Our third party partners and will be subject to the terms of use provided by the third party operator to You at the e-commerce facility. The e-commerce operator will be responsible for the fulfilment of Your order and all questions, comments and complaints about any such order should be made to the e-commerce operator. We cannot accept any liability for any failure by an e-commerce operator to fulfil any order or for any defect in any item(s) supplied to You by them.
5. User Generated Content
5.1 The Site may from time to time include features (such as blogs and forums) that You are able to contribute to. If such facilities are made available to You whilst We encourage You to contribute any files, images, photos, videos, works of authorship or any other materials (collectively “User Generated Content”) You wish to these pages:
(a) You must not submit any confidential, defamatory, offensive, infringing, obscene, indecent or otherwise unlawful or objectionable material or information nor use the Site or any feature of the Site to distribute any chain letters, junk mail, ‘spamming’ material or any other form of bulk communication;
(b) You must not submit any content or material the Intellectual Property Rights in which are owned by any third party;
(c) You must not submit any material which is prohibited by the Data Protection Act 1998 or any other applicable data protection or privacy legislation;
(d) You may only upload or submit material to the Site which either You own or which You have the permission of the owner of that material to submit.
5.2 All information that You post to any page may be seen by other users of the Site. Therefore, We advise You to be selective about what information You post on the Site or that You provide to other users. Please do not include the following information: telephone numbers, addresses, surname etc. If other members of the Site have posted material which is inaccurate, inappropriate, offensive (or does not comply with any of the provisions of these Terms of Use) We shall assume no responsibility or liability for such material.
5.3 You acknowledge that We do not actively monitor any content submitted to the Site by a user and We expressly do not give any warranty or representation in this regard, but if We are informed, we receive a complaint or become aware that, or if We suspect that, any material contained on any part of the Site infringes the intellectual property or other proprietary rights of any third person or is otherwise unlawful, then We shall have the right, without prejudice to any other rights or remedies available to Us, to immediately remove such material from the Site. We also reserve the right to remove any material submitted by You which We consider, in Our absolute discretion, to be offensive, insulting, defamatory, obscene, indecent, objectionable or otherwise inappropriate or which is posted in breach of these Terms of Use.
5.4 You agree that You shall indemnify Us against any loss, liability, claim, damage or expense incurred by Us arising out of any breach by You of these Terms of Use.
5.5 You are responsible for Your relationship with other members of the Site. However, We reserve the right, but are not obliged, to monitor disputes between You and other members of the Site.
6. Intellectual Property
6.1 For the purposes of these Terms of Use, “Intellectual Property Rights” means patents, registered and unregistered trade marks and service marks, domain names, registered designs and design rights, copyright (including such rights in computer software and databases), database rights and moral rights (in each case for the full period thereof and extensions, revivals and renewals thereof), applications for the foregoing and the right to apply for any of the foregoing anywhere in the world, and all similar rights anywhere in the world including those subsisting in inventions, designs, drawings and computer programs.
6.2 Subject to clause 6.3, We do not claim any ownership of any Intellectual Property Rights in any User Generated Content that You post to Our Site (if available). After posting any User Generated Content You retain all rights of ownership in it and You may use Your User Generated Content in any way You choose (provided it does not breach any of these Terms of Use).
6.3 You hereby waive any moral rights you may have in the User Generated Content. You warrant and represent that you have obtained all necessary licences, permissions, consents and waivers required to enable You to submit any User Generated Content to the Site and to enable Us to use such User Generated Content in accordance with these Terms of Use. You hereby grant Us and any of our group companies the irrevocable right free of charge to publicly perform, reproduce, display, modify, manage, distribute and store any of Your User Generated Content as part of the Site or as part of any materials used to promote or advertise the Site in any and all media anywhere in the world including, without limitation, displaying any User Generated Content on any public areas of the Site (such as the home page) and including any User Generated Content in any marketing or advertising materials or any programme created by Us from the materials appearing on the Site in any medium whatsoever worldwide. You are free to use Your User Generated Content outside of Our Site in any way You choose.
6.4 We will not be under any obligation whatsoever to pay You for any of the User Generated Content displayed on Our Site or otherwise used in accordance with these Terms of Use.
6.5 Save in respect of the User Generated Content, all Intellectual Property Rights in and to the Site and all content and materials contained therein are owned by and shall remain owned by Us or Our licensors. You may view, download and print any materials and information made available to You through the Site subject to the following conditions:
(a) the material and information may only be used for Your personal and non-commercial purposes;
(b) the material and information shall not be reproduced or included in any other work or publication in any medium;
(c) the material and information may not be modified or altered in any way;
(d) subject to clause 6.6, the material and information may not be distributed or sold to any third party;
(e) You may not remove any copyright or other proprietary notices contained in the material or the information.
6.6 These Terms of Use are not intended to prevent You recording in manual form any individual item of information, or disclosing any individual item of information, free of charge, to friends or relations for non-commercial purposes provided that You take all reasonable steps to ensure that any person to whom You may disclose that information complies with these Terms of Use.
6.7 Please contact info@77group.com if You believe that content displayed on the Site has violated Your copyright or Intellectual Property Rights.
7. Disclaimers
7.1 We will exercise all reasonable skill and care in providing the Site. However, We obtain the materials and information provided on the Site from third party partners and so We are not able to guarantee the accuracy, completeness, currency or reliability of any such materials or information.
7.2 Therefore, except as expressly provided in these Terms of Use, the Site and all materials and information provided through it are provided on an “as is” basis without guarantee of any kind and any conditions, statements and warranties (including, but not limited to, any warranty of fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement) are excluded to the fullest amount permissible by law.
7.3 Without limiting the foregoing, We cannot guarantee and do not promise that the Site and all materials and information provided through it will meet Your requirements. Therefore We advise You to check any materials or information provided to You through the Site as any reliance that You place on the accuracy, completeness, currency or reliability of that information is at Your own risk.
8. Limitation of Liability
8.1 Nothing in these Terms of Use limits or excludes Our liability for: (a) death or personal injury caused by Our negligence; (b) any loss suffered by You as a result of Your reliance on any fraudulent misrepresentation made by Us to You; or (c) any other liability which may not by law be limited or excluded.
8.2 Subject to clause 8.1, You agree that We shall not be liable for: (a) any direct loss, claim or damage; (b) any indirect loss, claim or damage, or any punitive, special, incidental or consequential damages of any kind (including but not limited to lost savings or loss or corruption of data); or (c) any loss of profit (whether direct or indirect), in each case whether based in contract, tort (including negligence), strict liability, or otherwise, which arises out of or is in any way connected with (i) any use of this Site or its contents (ii) any failure or delay in the use of any component of the Site including, without limitation, any unavailability of the Site irrespective of duration of any period of unavailability; or (iii) any use of or reliance upon any information, material, software, products, services and related graphics obtained through the Site, in all cases even if We have been forewarned of the possibility of such loss or damage.
8.3 Without limiting the effect of clause 8.2, due to the inherent risks of using the internet, We cannot be liable for any damage to, or viruses that may infect, Your computer equipment or any other property when using or browsing the Site. The downloading or other acquisition of any materials or information through the Site is done at Your own discretion and risk and with Your agreement that You will be solely responsible for any damage to Your computer system or loss of data that results from the downloading or acquisition of any such materials.
8.4 You agree to indemnify Us against any claims or legal proceedings that may arise through Your use of the Site or from any breach of these Terms of Use by You.
8.5 We will notify You of any such claims or proceedings and keep You informed as to the progress of such claims or proceedings.
9. Termination
9.1 We may remove the Site or cease the provision of the Site or any Features or Functions of the Site, or terminate Your membership (if any) of the Site, at any time in Our sole discretion for any reason whatsoever.
9.2 You shall be entitled to terminate Your membership (if any) of the Site at any time by written notice to Us.
9.3 Termination of Your membership (if any), howsoever caused, shall not affect the accrued rights and liabilities of either You or Us as at the time of such termination.
10. Data Protection and Privacy
We will only use any personal information that We may collect about You in accordance with Our privacy policy. Click here to view Our Privacy Policy. This policy forms an essential part of these Terms of Use and it is important that You read it. By accepting these Terms of Use You also accept and consent to Our privacy policy.
11. Fees
For the moment, access to the Site is free of charge (although You may be charged to purchase items via the Site) and You are not required to register as a member. We may stop offering the Site free of charge at any time, and if at such time We have required you to register as members of the Site and You have done so but We will inform You by email if We decide to make a charge on any of Our services and give You a reasonable length of time to terminate Your membership if You wish to do so.
12. Competitions and Prize Draws
From time to time it may be possible to enter competitions or prize draws through the Site. There will be additional terms and conditions applicable to those competitions or prize draws. Please ensure that You read those terms and conditions before You enter the competition or the prize draw.
13. General
13.1 Any failure or delay by Us to enforce any of Our rights under these Terms of Use is not to be taken as or deemed to be a waiver of that or any other right unless We acknowledge and agree to such a waiver in writing.
13.2 These Terms of Use are not intended to be for the benefit of, and shall not be exercisable by, any person who is not a party to these Terms of Use under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 or otherwise.
13.3 If any clause or part of a clause of these Terms of Use is, or becomes, invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the remainder of these Terms of Use shall remain valid and enforceable.
13.4 These Terms of Use and the privacy policy set out the full extent of Our obligations and liabilities concerning the Site and replace any previous agreements and understandings between Us and You.
13.5 Subject to clause 8.1, You shall have no remedy in respect of any untrue statement made to You upon which You relied in entering into these Terms of Use other than any remedy You may have for breach of the express terms of these Terms of Use.
13.6 This Agreement is governed by the laws of England and Wales and the parties agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts.