https://www.msgsports.com/privacy/
Skip to main content
INTRODUCTION
This Madison Square Garden Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes the information that the Madison Square Garden Family (“collectively, the “MSG Family” defined below) collects, how we use it, and when and with whom we may share it. Except as described in this Policy, the Policy applies to any and all websites, mobile applications software and any other electronic and/or digital products and/or other services that are made available by the MSG Family, and our offline services (collectively, the “Services”).  This Policy applies regardless of the device used to access the Services.
All services that are governed by this Policy will include a link to, and/or copy of, this Policy on the home page of the applicable website or similar location (e.g., a “settings” page) for any applicable mobile applications. Some services offered by or affiliated with the MSG Family may be governed by a separate privacy policy, and if this Policy is not posted on the home page for a particular service or entity that is part of the MSG Family, this policy does not apply.  In those instances, the service-specific privacy policy shall apply to that specific service. Please be advised that this Policy does not cover everything related to our Services.  For example, if you obtain tickets to events hosted at an MSG Family venue, you may be providing personal data to third parties such as ticketing agencies or event producers.  Those third parties’ own privacy policies will apply to the handling of the personal data that they collect.
For purposes of this Policy, the terms “MSG Family,” “we,” “us,” and “our” include, without limitation, two groups of entities: (i) Madison Square Garden Sports Corp. and each of its respective subsidiaries, divisions, affiliated entities and business units as may change from time to time (including, without limitation, MSG Sports, LLC, New York Knicks, New York Rangers, Westchester Knicks, Hartford Wolf Pack; and (ii) Madison Square Garden Entertainment Corp. and each of its respective subsidiaries, divisions, affiliated entities and business units, as may change from time to time (including, without limitation, MSG Entertainment Group, LLC, Madison Square Garden, the Arena and the Hulu Theater at Madison Square Garden, Radio City Music Hall, The Beacon Theatre, The Chicago Theatre, The Rockettes, and MSG Interactive, LLC, and MSG Sphere) (collectively, the “MSG Entertainment Family”).
DATA CONTROLLERS
Under applicable law, MSG Sports, LLC is considered the “data controller” of the personal data that the MSG Sports Family handles under this Policy.  In other words, MSG Sports, LLC is responsible for deciding how the entities that are part of the MSG Sports Family collect, use and disclose this data. MSG Sports, LLC’s contact information appears at the end of this Policy in the Data Controllers Contact Information section.
Under applicable law, MSG Entertainment Group, LLC is considered the “data controller” of the personal data the MSG Entertainment Family handles under this Policy.  In other words, MSG Entertainment Group, LLC is responsible for deciding how the entities that are part of the MSG Entertainment Family collect, use and disclose this data. MSG Entertainment Group, LLC’s contact information appears at the end of this Policy in the Data Controllers Contact Information section. Before you submit any information on, through, or in connection with the Services, please carefully review this Policy. By submitting any personal data directly to us or using any part of the Services, you understand the manner in which we collect, use, disclose and share your information as described in this Policy.  We will continue to evaluate this Policy as we update and expand the Services and our offerings, and we may make changes to it.  Any changes will be posted here, and you should check this page periodically for updates.  Your continued use of the Services will signify your continued understanding of the terms of the updated Policy.
This Policy is split into sections.
For your convenience, links to each of those sections follows:
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
WHEN WE DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATION
OUR LEGAL BASES FOR PROCESSING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
CONSENT TO TRANSFER
PERSONALIZED CONTENT AND ADVERTISING AND YOUR CHOICES
CALIFORNIA ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT NOTICE CONCERNING “DO NOT TRACK SIGNALS”
YOUR DATA RIGHTS AND CHOICES
NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
PRIVACY INFORMATION FOR NEVADA RESIDENTS
LINKS
SECURITY AND RETENTION OF YOUR INFORMATION
INFORMATION FROM CHILDREN
CONTACTING US ABOUT THIS POLICY
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
CONTACT INFORMATION
1.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We collect information in multiple ways, including when you provide information directly to use, and when we passively collect information from you, such as information collected from your browser or device.
A.  Information You Provide Directly to Us
We may collect information from you during your use of or access to the Services, such as:
When you register for an account;When you make a purchase;When you enter a sweepstakes or contest or register for a promotion;When you request certain features (e.g., newsletters, updates, and other products); When you download or use one of our mobile applications; When you communicate with us; When you post User Content, including comments, to or on any of our Services; or When you attend an event at one of our venues.
The information you provide directly to us may concern you or others and include, but is not limited to:: (i) name; (ii) email address; (iii) age; (iv) mailing address; (v) hobbies; (vi) sports and entertainment interests; (vii) telephone number; (viii) fax number; (ix) viewpoints on certain events; and/or (x) in certain circumstances, payment and identity verification information, such as (1) credit card number, (2) social security number (or comparable national identifier) and/or (3) driver’s license number, when needed for payment in connection with a purchase.  You are not required to provide us with such information, but, certain Services may not be accessible or available, absent account registration and/or your provision of the requested information.
Please be careful and responsible whenever you are online. If you choose to post User Content (as described in our Terms of Service) through the Services, such as via social networking services, on message boards, chat areas, comments and/or other postings, that information; (i) is publicly available; (ii) may be collected and used by third parties without our knowledge; and (iii) may result in your receipt of unsolicited messages from other individuals or third parties.
B.
Information That is Passively or Automatically Collected
(i)
Device/Usage Information
We may automatically collect certain information about the computer or devices (including mobile devices) you use to access the Services. As described further below, we may collect and analyze information such as (a) IP addresses, geo-location information, unique device identifiers and other information about your mobile phone or other mobile device(s), browser types, browser language, operating system, the state or country from which you accessed the Services; and (b) information related to the ways in which you interact with the Services, such as: referring and exit pages and URLs, platform type, the number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages and content viewed and the order of those pages, the amount of time spent on particular pages, the date and time you used the Services, the frequency of your use of the Services, error logs, and other similar information.  As described further below, we may use third-party analytics providers and technologies, including cookies and similar tools, to assist in collecting this information.
(ii)
Location Information
We also may automatically collect location information, including general location information (e.g., IP address, zip code) from your computer or mobile device.  If you access the Services through a mobile device, we may ask you to share your precise geo-location information so that we can deliver customized content and advertising.  We and our service providers may also collect other information based on your location and your device’s proximity to “beacons” and other similar indoor proximity systems, including, for example, the strength of the signal between the “beacon” and your device and the duration that your device is near the “beacon”.  The type of location data we collect depends on a number of factors, including the type of device you are using (e.g., laptop, smartphone, tablet) and the type of connection enabled on your device (e.g., Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, broadband, cable, or cellular).  The Services rely on this location information, including geo-fencing technology, in order to provide certain location-based services, content, promotional offers and other information that may be of interest to you or that may be available to you based on your subscriptions to Services we provide.  We may also use location information to improve the functionality of the Services and our other products and services.  If you do not wish to have this location information collected and used by the MSG Family and its service providers, you may disable the location and Bluetooth features on your device.  Please note that, if you disable such features, you will not be able to access or receive some or all of the services, content, features and/or products made available via the Services.  To deliver customized content and advertising, we may share your location information, including geo-location information, with our agents, vendors, or advertisers.
Depending on
the device you are using, we may use third party services to provide mapping
services. For example, the MSG Family may use Google maps on certain
devices—you can learn more about the information that Google collects through
its mapping services at http://www.google.com/privacy.html.
(iii) Cookies and Other Electronic Technologies
We may also collect data about your use of the Services through the use of web server logs, cookies and/or tracking pixels. A web server log is a file where website activity is stored.  A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your computer when you visit a website, that enables us to: (i) recognize your computer; (ii) store your preferences and settings; (iii) understand the web pages of MSG Family’s Services you have visited; (iv) enhance your user experience by delivering content specific to your interests; (v) perform searches and analytics; and (vi) assist with security administrative functions. Some cookies are placed in your browser cache, while those associated with Flash technologies are stored with your Adobe Flash Player files. Tracking pixels (sometimes referred to as “web beacons” or “clear GIFs”) are electronic tags with a unique identifier embedded in websites, online ads and/or email, and are designed to provide usage information like ad impressions or clicks, measure popularity of the Services and associated advertising, and access user cookies.  We may also use these automated technologies to collect and analyze other information related to the devices you use to access the Services, such as IP addresses, browser types, browser language, operating system used, the domain name of your Internet service provider, unique device identifiers, and other information about your devices used to access the Services.  These automated technologies may also collect information on the websites you have visited before and after you visit the Services, and the advertisements you have accessed, seen, forwarded, and/or clicked on when using the Services or other websites.  We or third-party technologies we use may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser to enable you to receive customized content, offers, services or advertisements on our websites or other sites.  The cookies may be associated with de-identified demographic or other data linked to or derived from data you voluntarily have submitted to us (e.g., your email address) that we may share with a service provider solely in hashed, non-human readable form so that our service provider can deliver advertisements to you on our behalf.  As we adopt additional technologies, we may also gather additional information through other methods.
Please note that you can change your settings to notify you when a cookie is being set or updated, or to block cookies altogether. Please consult the “Help” section of your browser for more information (e.g., Internet Explorer; Google Chrome; Mozilla Firefox; or Apple Safari). You can also manage the use of Flash technologies, including cookies, with the Flash management tools available at Adobe’s website. Please note that by blocking any or all cookies, you may not have access to certain features or offerings of the Services.
We use third parties to assist us in serving advertisements, tracking aggregated and/or anonymized site usage statistics, and providing content-sharing services to support the Services. These third parties may also use cookies and similar technologies to collect similar non-personal information about your use of the Services. We do not control these third-party technologies, and their use is governed by those parties’ privacy policies.
C.  Information Collected By and From Social Media and Other Content Platforms
If you access the Services through a third-party connection or log-in, such as through a social network, like Facebook or Twitter, you may allow us to have access to certain information in your profile.  This may include your name, e-mail address, photo, gender, birthday, location, an ID associated with the applicable third party platform or social networking account, user files like photos and videos, your list of friends, people you follow and/or who follow you, or your posts or “likes.”  For example, if you access the Services through Facebook, we may collect the following information about you from Facebook: (i) Facebook ID/User Name; (ii) first and last name; (iii) anything that you have made public in your Facebook profile; (iv) gender; (v) locale; (vi) age range; (vii) profile rank; (viii) your location; (ix) your Facebook “likes”; and (x) your comments.  If you permit, we also may collect your birthday and email. If you do not wish to have this information shared by Facebook, do not use Facebook Connect to access the Services.  We may also collect other information through other social networks that you make available to us. For a description on how social networking sites handle and share your information, please refer to their privacy policies and terms of use, which may permit you to modify your privacy settings.  We may combine information that we collect from or about you with information about you that we obtain from such social media and other content platforms and information derived from any other subscription, product, or service we provide.
D.
Information from Affiliates and Non-Affiliated Third Parties and Partners
We may also
obtain information about you from our affiliates within the MSG Family.  For example, companies that are part of the
MSG Sports Family may share information about you with the companies that are
part of the MSG Entertainment Family and vice versa.  We also may obtain information about you  from third parties such as marketers, partners
(like the NBA, NHL, and Ticketmaster), researchers, sponsors, and others.  We may combine information that we collect
from you with information about you that we obtain from our affiliates and/or such
third parties and information derived from any other subscription, product, or
service we provide.
E.   Information that Others Collect
(i) Financial Information.
In order to
take advantage of certain functionalities of certain Services, such as the
ability to purchase products, food and beverages, our third party payment
processor may collect certain financial information from you, such as your
name, address, credit or debit card information or ACH information, applicable
card expiration dates and security codes in order to process your transactions,
and similar information from online wallets, such as those provided in iOS and
Android devices.  The MSG Family does not
store or otherwise maintain this financial information, including credit, debit
or similar information from individuals who make purchases using the Services.
(ii) Device Information.
Third party
vendors who provide analytics concerning the use of the Services and
advertising services may collect certain information about the device you use
to access the Services, including without limitation the city, state and/or
country where you were located when you downloaded the Services, device
identifiers, IP address, MAC address, operating system, and application usage
information.
2.  HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
The MSG Family may use your information for the following purposes:
For the purposes for which you provided it;To provide the features, services, and products available through the Services;To send you information about your relationship or transactions with us; To send you alerts or other communications;With your consent, to send you SMS messages;To notify you about new features and offerings of the Services, including, but not limited to, discounts, events, shows, news about our Services, products, other services, and/or special offers;To administer sweepstakes and contests;To process and respond to your inquiries;To contact you with information that we believe may be of interest to you;To attribute content that you make available through the Services;For internal research and reporting and data analytics;To improve the content and features of the Services and/or develop new Services;To allow us to personalize the content and advertising that you see on the Services or other websites and mobile applications (see Personalized Content and Advertising section below;To protect the safety of all who use our Service and maintain security at event venues and with respect to our Services;To enforce the legal or contractual terms that govern your use of the Services; To administer and troubleshoot the Services; andSubject to applicable law, to share your information with reputable third parties who may provide you with information about their products and/or services that may be of interest to you.
We may also combine information that we collect from you with information we obtain about you from other members of the MSG Family and/or non-affiliated third parties. Subject to applicable law, we may also use the information collected from the “Information We Collect” section, such as device identifiers and MAC addresses, to associate users’ activities, customize content, or tailor advertising to those users across different devices and browsers (for instance, tablets, mobile devices and applications, and websites). We may aggregate and/or de-identify any information collected through the Services. We may use de-identified and/or aggregated data for any purpose, including without limitation for research and marketing purposes, and may also share such data with any third parties, including without limitation, advertisers, promotional partners, sponsors, event promoters, and/or others.
3.
WHEN WE DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATION
We may share your information with any agent or company that is part of the MSG Family for any of the purposes listed in the “How We Use Your Information” section.  The MSG Family may disclose and/or share your information to or with any non-affiliated third parties under the following circumstances.
A.
Consent.   If you consent, we may disclose your information to non-affiliated third parties) in order to provide services or products that you have requested and/or services that we believe will interest you.B.
Service Providers.
We may provide access to your information to select third parties who perform services on our behalf and for any other legitimate business and operational purposes. These third parties provide a variety of services to us, including, without limitation, ticket processing, billing, sales, marketing, advertising, market research, fulfillment, data storage, analysis and processing, and legal services.
C.
Other Third Parties.
Except as provided herein, we may share your information with reputable third parties so that they may contact you to offer products, services and promotions, such as sweepstakes and contests that you may find valuable. We may also share your information with third party advertising networks or others with whom we have a contractual relationship. You can instruct us not to provide your contact information to these third parties by sending an email to privacychoices@msg.com with “REMOVE THIRD PARTIES” in the subject line. If you receive a communication from a third party and you do not wish to receive future communications from that party, you should also tell them to remove you from their marketing list. For European Economic Area (“EEA”) residents that we can reasonably identify, we will obtain your consent before sharing your information with third parties for these marketing purposes.
D.  Protection of MSG Family and Others. By using the Services, you acknowledge, consent and agree that we may access, preserve and disclose your information, including, but not limited to, any user content, if required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that such access, preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process; (b) enforce our Terms of Service,this Policy, or other contracts with you; (c) respond to claims that any content violates the rights of third parties; (d) respond to your requests for customer service; and/or (e) protect the rights, property or personal safety of the MSG Family, its agents and affiliates, its users and/or the public. We may also disclose information to law enforcement agencies in emergency circumstances where the disclosure of such information is consistent with the types of emergency disclosures permitted or required by law.
E.
Business Transfers. Each data controller reserves the right to disclose and transfer all of your information, including your contact information, in connection with a proposed or actual merger, acquisition, transfer of control, distribution or sale of all, or components, of its business.
4.
OUR LEGAL BASES FOR PROCESSING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
The laws in some jurisdictions require companies to tell you about the legal ground they rely on to use or disclose your “personal data” as such term is defined under applicable law. To the extent that those laws apply, our legal grounds are as follows:
To honor our contractual commitments to you:
Much of our processing of personal data is to meet our contractual obligations
to our customers, or to take steps at customers’ requests in anticipation of
entering into a contract with them. For example, we handle personal data on
this basis to provide you with tickets to events.Consent: Where required by law, and in some
other cases, we handle personal data on the basis of your implied or express
consent.Legitimate interests:  In many cases, we handle personal data on the
ground that it furthers our legitimate interests in ways that are not
overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the affected
individuals:Customer serviceMarketingProtecting our customers, personnel, and
propertyAnalyzing and improving our businessManaging legal issuesWe may also process personal data for the
legitimate interests of our business partners, such as to assist with
marketing.Legal compliance: We need to use and disclose
personal data in certain ways to comply with our legal obligations.To protect the vital interests of the individual
or others: For example, we may collect or share personal data to help resolve
an urgent medical situation.
5.
CONSENT TO TRANSFER
The Services are operated in the United States and are governed by United States law. If you are a resident of the European Union or other location outside the United States, please be advised that any information you provide through the Services will be transferred to the United States or other designated locations outside of the United States for certain processing/hosting operations. We have taken commercially reasonable steps to ensure that your personal information is appropriately protected and is processed only in accordance with this Policy. By using the Services, you consent to this transfer and to the use of the personal information as described herein.
6.
PERSONALIZED CONTENT AND ADVERTISING AND YOUR CHOICES
A.
Online Analytics
We may use third-party web analytics services on our Services, such as those of Google Analytics.  These service providers use the sort of technology previously described in the “Information We Collect” section to help us analyze how users use the Services, including by noting the third-party website from which you arrive. The information (including your IP address) collected by the technology will be disclosed to or collected directly by these service providers, who use the information to evaluate your use of the Services. We also use Google Analytics for certain purposes related to advertising, as described in the following section. To prevent Google Analytics from using your information for analytics, you may install the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on by clicking here.
B.
Tailored Advertising
We may personalize the content and advertising that you see when using the Services through the use of third-party advertising technologies that allow for the delivery of relevant content and advertising on MSG websites or applications. The ads may be based on various factors such as the content of the page you are visiting, information you provide such as your age and gender, your searches, demographic data, user-generated content, and other information we collect from you. These ads may be based on your current activity or your activity over time and may be tailored to your interests.
Also, third parties whose products or services are accessible or advertised via the Services may also place cookies or other tracking technologies on your computer, mobile phone, or other device to collect information about your use of the Services in order to (i) inform, optimize, and serve ads based on past visits to our websites and other sites and (ii) report how our ad impressions, other uses of ad services, and interactions with these ad impressions and ad services are related to visits to our websites and use of our Services. We also allow other third parties (e.g., ad networks and ad servers such as Google Analytics, DoubleClick and others) to serve tailored ads to you on the Services, and to access their own cookies or other tracking technologies on your computer, mobile phone, or other device you use to access the Services. We also may share with third-party advertisers a hashed version of your email address, solely in non-human readable form and content that you share publicly when using the services (e.g, user-generated content) for purposes of delivering tailored advertising. We neither have access to, nor does this Policy govern, the use of cookies or other tracking technologies that may be placed on your computer, mobile phone, or other device you use to access the Services by non-affiliated, third-party ad technology, ad servers, ad networks or any other non-affiliated third parties. Those parties that use these technologies may offer you a way to opt out of ad targeting as described below. You may receive tailored advertising on your computer through a web browser. If you are interested in more information about tailored browser advertising and how you can generally control cookies from being put on your computer to deliver tailored advertising, you may visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s Consumer Opt-Out link, the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Consumer Opt-Out link  or TRUSTe’s Advertising Choices Page to opt-out of receiving tailored advertising from companies that participate in those programs. You may also use the links available in advertisements that appear in the Services and learn more about our advertising practices through the About Our Ads link available through the Services.
To opt out of Google Analytics for display advertising or customize Google display network ads, you can visit the Google Ads Settings page. Please note that to the extent advertising technology is integrated into the Services, you may still receive advertisements even if you opt-out of tailored advertising. In that case, the ads will just not be tailored. Also, we do not control any of the above opt-out links and are not responsible for any choices you make using these mechanisms or the continued availability or accuracy of these mechanisms.
When using a mobile application you may also receive tailored in-application advertisements. Each operating system, iOS for Apple phones, Android for Android devices and Windows for Microsoft devices provides its own instructions on how to prevent the delivery of tailored in-application advertisements. You may review the support materials and/or the privacy settings for the respective operating systems in order to opt-out of tailored in-application advertisements. For any other devices and/or operating systems, please visit the privacy settings for the applicable device or contact the applicable platform operator. We do not control how the applicable platform operator allows you to control receiving personalized in-application advertisements; thus, you should contact the platform provider for further details on opting out of tailored in-application advertisements.
Please note that to the extent advertising technology is integrated into the Services, you may still receive advertisements even if you opt-out. In that case, the advertising will not be tailored to your interests.
7.
CALIFORNIA ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT NOTICE CONCERNING DO NOT TRACK SIGNALS
Do Not Track (“DNT”) is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers. DNT is a way for users to inform websites and services that they do not want certain information about their webpage visits collected over time and across websites or online services. We are committed to providing you with meaningful choices about the information collected on the Services for third party purposes, and that is why we provide links to the Network Advertising Initiative and the Digital Advertising Alliance opt-out pages, as well as choices provided by Google Ads and Google Analytics. However, we do not recognize or respond to browser-initiated DNT signals, as the Internet industry is currently still working toward defining exactly what DNT means, what it means to comply with DNT, and a common approach to responding to DNT. To learn more about Do Not Track, you can do so here.
8.
YOUR DATA RIGHTS AND CHOICES
You can update certain information and make certain privacy choices by logging into the relevant portions of MSG Family or third-party websites and apps or as otherwise instructed by us.  For example:
You can update and/or correct certain information collected by the MSG Family by visiting your account page(s) or emailing us at privacychoices@msg.com with “Update/Correct My Info” in the subject line.  If a member name and password are required to access the feature, you will need to provide such information to update your registration information.  If you have forgotten your password, you may obtain it by visiting the registration area and requesting that a hint be sent to you at the email address you originally provided during registration.To view and manage notifications and preferences relating to our apps, including certain options regarding the collection and use of location data, visit the settings menu of the app and of your operating system.You can unsubscribe from certain emails by clicking the “unsubscribe” link they contain.If you have provided contact information while using the Services and later decide that you would rather not have the MSG Family use that information for marketing purposes in accordance with this Policy, you can also opt out by sending us an email at privacychoices@msg.com  (including your name and email address) and “Marketing Opt-Out” in the subject line.You can opt out of certain cookie-related processing by following the instructions in the section above entitled “Personalized Content and Advertising and Your Choices.“Individuals in the EEA and the United Kingdom and some other jurisdictions outside the United States have certain legal rights to obtain confirmation of whether we hold personal data about them, to access personal data we hold about them (including, in some cases, in portable form), and to obtain its correction, update, amendment or deletion in appropriate circumstances.  They may also object to our uses or disclosures of personal data, to request a restriction on its processing, or withdraw any consent, though such actions typically will not have retroactive effect.  They also will not affect our ability to continue processing data in lawful ways (for example, if you opt out of the use of your telephone number for direct marketing, we might still contact you by phone regarding potential fraudulent use of your account).  For clarity, individuals in the EEA and the United Kingdom have the right (subject to verification and authentication) to opt out of all of our processing of their personal data for direct marketing purposes.  To exercise this right, they may contact us as at privacychoices@msg.com with “EEA/UK Opt-Out” in the subject line.
The rights and options described above are subject to limitations and exceptions under applicable law. In addition to those rights, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority.  However, we encourage you to contact us first, and we will do our very best to resolve your concern.
9.
NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
If
you are a California resident, California law requires us to provide you with
some additional information regarding how we collect, use, and share your
“personal information” as defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”).
We describe the categories of information we collect, our business purposes for collecting such information, the sources and uses of such information and the entities with which we share such information in the “Information We Collect”, “How We Use Your Information,” and “When We Disclose Your Information” sections of this Privacy Policy.  We provide additional information required by the CCPA below.  This information and the rights discussed below do not apply to information collected from or about our employees, former employees, candidates, job applicants, contractors, service providers, or business contacts of the MSG Family.
A. Categories of personal information we collect, use and disclose.
Throughout this Policy, we discuss in detail the types of Information we collect from and about users and discuss how we use and share such information.  The following are the “categories” of personal information under the CCPA that we collect from California consumers and that we may, as discussed throughout this Policy, use and disclose for our business purposes:
Identifiers (such as name, address, email address); commercial information (such as transaction data); financial data (such as credit card information); device identifiers (such as IP address and unique device identifiers); internet or other network or device activity (such as browsing history or app usage); general geolocation data from IP addresses and precise geolocation information when you use an applicable MSG Family app; biometric information that may be collected when visiting one of our venues; audio or visual information; physical characteristics, such as if you voluntarily submit a photo or video; characteristics of potentially protected classifications, such as gender, race/color and marital status; any user-generated content or feedback that you provide; professional or employment related data; and other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with you.
B.
How we use these categories of personal information.
We and our service providers may use the categories of personal information we collect from and about you for the following business and commercial purposes (as those terms are defined in applicable law.
Our or our service providers’ operational purposes;Auditing consumer interactions on our site (e.g., measuring ad
impressions);Detecting, protecting against, and prosecuting security incidents
and fraudulent or illegal activity;Bug detection and error reporting;Customizing content that we or our service providers display on the
Services (e.g., contextual ads);Providing the Services (e.g., account servicing and maintenance,
customer service, advertising and marketing, analytics, and communication about the Services);Improving our existing Services and developing new services (e.g.,
by conducting research to develop new products or features);Other uses that advance our commercial or economic interests, such
as third-party advertising and communicating with you about relevant offers from third party partners;Other uses about which we notify you.
Examples of these types of uses are discussed in our main privacy policy in the “How We Use Your Information” section.  We may also use the categories of personal information for compliance with applicable laws and regulations, and we may combine the information we collect (“aggregate”) or remove pieces of information (“de-identify”) to limit or prevent identification of any user or device.
C. Categories of personal information we disclose for business purposes
We may disclose the following categories of information about you or your use of our Services for business purposes (as defined by applicable law) or as required by applicable law:
Identifiers (such as name, address, email address); commercial information (such as transaction data); financial data (such as credit card information); device identifiers (such as IP address and unique device identifiers); internet or other network or device activity (such as browsing history or app usage; general geolocation data from IP addresses and precise geolocation information when you use an applicable MSG Family app; biometric information that may be collected when you visit one of our venues; audio or visual information; physical characteristics, such as if you voluntarily submit a photo or video; characteristics of potentially protected classifications, such as gender, race/color, and marital status; any user-generated content or feedback that you provide; professional or employment related data; and other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with you.
D .
California Privacy Rights.
California residents can make certain requests about their personal information under the CCPA.  Specifically, if you are a California resident, you may request that we:
provide you with information about: the
categories of personal information we collect, disclose or sell about you; the
categories of sources of such information; the business or commercial purpose
for collecting or selling your personal information; and the categories of
third parties with whom we share personal information.  Such information is also set forth in this
Privacy Policy; provide access to and/or a copy of certain
information we hold about you;delete certain information we have about you;
and/orprovide you with information about the financial
incentives that we offer to you, if any.
California residents can also designate an authorized agent
to make access and/or deletion requests on their behalf.
We will take reasonable steps to verify your identity
before responding to a request for access and/or deletion from you or your
designated agent.  If we are unable to
verify you, we may be unable to respond to your requests.
The CCPA further provides you with the right to not be
discriminated against (as provided for in applicable law) for exercising your
rights.
Please note that certain information may be exempt from
such requests under California law.  For
example, we need certain information in order to provide the Services to
you.
If you are a California resident and would like to exercise any of your legal rights under the CCPA, please use our online consumer request form here, or contact us at privacychoices@msg.com with “CCPA Rights” in the subject line.
E.
Sale of personal information.
The CCPA sets forth certain obligations for businesses that “sell” personal information. Under the CCPA, sale is defined such that it may include allowing third parties to receive certain information, such as cookies, IP address, and/or browsing behavior, to deliver targeted advertising on the Services or other services.  Advertising, including targeted advertising, enables us to provide you certain content for free and allows us to provide you offers relevant to you.  If you would like to opt out of our use of your information for such purposes that are considered a “sale” under California law, you may do so as outlined on the following page:  Do Not Sell My Personal Information.
F.
Shine the Light.
California Law permits customers who are California residents to request certain information once per year regarding our disclosure of “personal information” (as that term is defined under applicable California law) to third parties for such third parties’ direct marketing purposes.  To make such a request, please send an email to privacychoices@msg.com with “REMOVE Third Parties” in the subject line.
G.
Additional California Rights for Minors
If you are a California resident under the age of 18 and are a registered User of our Services, you may request that we remove from our Services any content you post to our Services that can be accessed by any other User (whether registered or not).  Please note that any content that is removed from our Services may remain on our servers and in our systems.  To request removal of content under this provision, please send an email to privacychoices@msg.com with “California Minors Opt-Out” in the subject line and provide us with a description of the content and the location of the content on our Services, and any other information that we may require in order to consider your request.  Please note that removal of content under this provision does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information posted on the Services by you.
10.
PRIVACY INFORMATION FOR NEVADA RESIDENTS
Under Nevada law, certain Nevada consumers may opt out of the sale of “covered information” for monetary consideration.  We do not sell “covered information as defined under Nevada law; however, if you are a Nevada resident who has purchased services from us, you may submit a request to opt out of any potential future sales by sending a request to privacychoices@msg.com with “Nevada Opt-Out” in the subject line.  Please note we may take reasonable steps to verify your identity and the authenticity of the request.  Once verified, we will maintain your request in the event that our practices change.
11.
LINKS
Links to third-party websites, applications and other services may be made available through the Services. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such third-party services. Any information you provide via those services is subject to the applicable privacy policies and is not covered by this Policy.
12.
SECURITY AND RETENTION OF YOUR INFORMATION
We have implemented administrative, technical, and physical security measures to protect against the loss, misuse and/or alteration of your information.  These safeguards vary based on the sensitivity of the information that we collect and store.  However, we cannot and do not guarantee that these measures will prevent every unauthorized attempt to access, use, or disclose your information since despite our efforts, no Internet and/or other electronic transmissions can be completely secure. We generally retain personal data for so long as it may be relevant to the purposes above.  To dispose of your information, we may anonymize it, delete it or take other appropriate steps.  Data may persist in copies made for backup and business continuity purposes for additional time.
13.
INFORMATION FROM CHILDREN
The Services are not directed to children under the age of 16. If we discover we have received any “personal information” (as defined under the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act) from a child under the age of 13 in violation of this Policy, we will take reasonable steps to delete that information as quickly as possible.  If you believe the MSG Family has any information from or about anyone under the age of 16, please contact us at the address listed below.
For residents of the EEA, where processing of personal information is based on consent, the MSG Family will not knowingly engage in that processing for users under the age of consent established by applicable data protection law.  If we learn that we are engaged in that processing with such users, we will halt such processing and will take reasonable measures to promptly remove applicable information from our records.
14.
CONTACTING US ABOUT THIS POLICY
Please do not hesitate to contact us with any questions, concerns, requests or comments by email at msgfeedback@msg.com.
15.
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
We reserve the right to change this Policy at any time to reflect changes in the law, our data collection and use practices, the features of our Services, or advances in technology.  Please check this page periodically for changes.  Your continued use of the Services following the posting of changes to this Policy will be deemed to mean you understand the applicability of those changes.
16.
DATA CONTROLLER CONTACT INFORMATION
MSG Entertainment Group, LLC
2 Pennsylvania Plaza
New York, New York 10121
MSG Sports, LLC
2 Pennsylvania Plaza
New York, New York 10121
Effective Date: April 18, 2020
© Copyright 2020 MSG Entertainment Group, LLC.  All rights reserved. Use of any Service which includes a link to this Policy signifies your acceptance of this Policy.
Thank you for visiting!