https://www.mountjuliet.ie/terms-and-conditions/
Skip to content
Arrival
Departure
1
Guests
Check availability
+353-56-777-3000
+353-56-777-3000
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Best Rate Guarantee
The Best Rate Guarantee assures that you’ll always get the best rate available when you book directly with Mount Juliet Estate. Here’s how it works:
1. Make a reservation at www.mountjuliet.ie (or directly with the hotel).
2. If you find a lower rate for the same hotel, same room type, and same reservation dates on a third party website or third party mobile app (“Comparison Rate”) you may submit a Best Rate Guarantee claim to our Reservations Team. reservations@mountjuliet.ie
3. If we approve your claim, we’ll match the Comparison rate
Cancellations
Cancel your booking online or contact the hotel directly by time stated on confirmation email. Failure to do so will result in the first night’s accommodation being charged. Any deposit or booking fees that have already been processed are also non-refundable.
Non Arrivals
In the event of a guests non-arrival (no-show), the first night’s accommodation charge will be applied to the credit card that was used to guarantee the booking or billed backed to the company where credit facilities are established.
Children
Child rates apply to children 4-12 years when sharing with adults. Infants under 4 years stay free of charge. Cots are available on request but cannot be guaranteed.
Special Instructions
Any special instructions you have submitted with your booking should relate to your reservation and are likely to be addressed on the day of your arrival. If you have any more pressing requests we would suggest you contact the hotel directly by email or phone.
Additional Information
Bookings of 10 rooms or more: We reserve the right to request a deposit on bookings of 10 rooms or more and further terms & conditions may apply, for further details please contact the hotel directly.
Mount Juliet Estate may change any aspect of this site or its content, including the availability of any suppliers, features, information, or other content, at any time and without notice. The information and prices on this site are not ‘live’ and are updated periodically. While every effort is made to ensure the accuracy of all information and prices, regrettably, errors do occasionally occur. Where a price or information is posted on the website incorrectly due to a technical or human error, we shall not be bound by such price. The prices and any discounts shown on this site are applicable to Mount Juliet Estate only and may vary from the prices offered for the same service through alternative sales channels.
Vouchers Terms & Conditions
This certificate features a unique reference ID code, may only be redeemed once, may not be exchanged for cash, part redeemed, replaced if lost and is non-transferable. Please quote the gift-certificate ID reference when reserving your experience with the venue (using the contact details shown on this certificate). Subject to availability. Terms & Conditions subject to change.
No Availability Terms & Conditions
Unfortunately we have no rooms available online for the dates you have chosen. By submitting this form you agree to send the hotel your request. This request is not a reservation but a booking enquiry for dates you wish to stay in the hotel.
The hotel will endeavour to accommodate your party, however, there is no guarantee of availability. A member of our reservations team will respond to your enquiry.
The operators of this website do not accept liability for any errors or omissions and reserves the right to change information on the website.
Cancellation Policy
All regular cancellations/ amendments to room reservations must be received 3 days prior to arrival date. A charge of one night’s accommodation per room booked applies to late cancellations.
Advance Purchase bookings are non refundable. Full payment for entire stay is required at time of booking and the credit card used for booking will be charged for same.
Privacy Policy
The privacy and confidentiality of personal information is important, and we are committed to
maintaining the privacy and security of your personal information.
This policy sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you or you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. As Data Controllers under the Data Protection Act 1988 we fully endorse and adhere to the principles of the Irish Data Protection legislation and will ensure that we:
Obtain and process information fairly.
Keep information only for one or more specified, explicit and lawful purpose.
Use and disclose information only in ways compatible with these purposes.
Keep information safe and secure.
Retain information for no longer than is necessary for the specified purpose or purposes.
Give a copy of personal data to the individual from whom it was taken on written request.
Our Privacy Statement is a legal requirement underpinned by the below pieces of legislation:
The Data Protection Acts 1988 & 2003 (“The Acts”)
Statutory Instrument Number 336 of 2011 European Communities (Electronic Communications Networks and Services) (Privacy and Electronic Communications) Regulations 2011 (“SI 336/2011”)
EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016 (“GDPR”)
We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Statement at any time and from time to time without
notice by publishing a new version on our website.
Cookies Policy
This site uses cookies – small text files that are placed on your machine to help the site provide a better user experience.
In general, cookies are used to retain user preferences, store information for things like shopping baskets, and provide anonymised tracking data to third party applications like Google Analytics. As a rule, cookies will make your browsing experience better. However, you may prefer to disable cookies on this site and on others. The most effective way to do this is to disable cookies in your browser.
Gallery
Offers
Contact
Gift Vouchers
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. View our Privacy Policy which details the Cookies we use here.Read MoreACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.