http://www.voutesales.com/cookie-policy/
Cookie Policy | Voute Sales
ted@voutesales.com+44 (0)7836 671 571MenuHomeServicesBloodstock AgentConsultancyStud FarmSales ConsignmentsAbout UsBlogContact Us
Cookie Policy
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer – however this will prevent you from taking full advantage of this website.
Cookies used on this site
Cookie
Name
Purpose
More Information
ASP.NET
ASP.NET-SessionID
This cookie is essential for site functionality and is used to store and retrieve values for a user as they navigate the site. It is held temporarily in memory and is deleted when the browser is closed.
support.microsoft.com
Google Analytics
_utma
_utmb
_utmc
_utmz
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. Google Analytics collects anonymous information such as pages you visit on this site, the browser and operating system you use and time spent viewing pages. The purpose of this information is to help us improve the site for future visitors.
Click here for an overview of privacy at Google
Most web browsers are set to automatically accept cookies. If you are using Microsoft’s Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome or Safari you should be able to configure your browser to restrict or block cookies, or you may wish to delete them, by going to your browsers settings. Below are some short instructions for how to do this in the four of the most popular browsers:
– Microsoft Internet Explorer
Click the ‘Tools’ icon in the top right hand corner and select ‘Internet options’. In the pop up window select the ‘Privacy’ tab. From here you can adjust your cookie settings.
– Google Chrome
Click the spanner in the top right hand corner and select ‘Settings’. From here select ‘Under the hood’ and change the settings under ‘Privacy’.
– Mozilla Firefox
From the drop down menu in the top left hand corner select ‘Options’. In the pop up window select the ‘Privacy’ tab. From here you can adjust your cookie settings.
– Safari
From the settings drop down menu in the top right hand corner select ‘Preferences’. Select the ‘Security’ tab and from here you can adjust your cookie settings.
Useful Links
About Us
Contact Us
Blog
FacebookTwitterLinkedInInstagramOur Services
Bloodstock Agent
Consultancy
Stud Farm
Sales Consignments
Contact Details
ted@voutesales.com
+44 (0) 1789 751222
Address
The Court House,
Lower Binton,
Stratford-upon-Avon
CV37 9TQ
Contact Us to Discuss Your Requirements
Name*Phone*Email*
All rights reserved © 2020 | Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy | Website Design and Digital Marketing by Exposure Ninja.
Menu
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.