https://www.marshals.co.uk/cookie-policy/
Home
Get Involved
About Marshalling
Frequently Asked Questions
Try a Day as a Marshal
Join the BMMC
News
BMMC News
From the Chair
About BMMC
Vision 20:20
A Brief History of the BMMC
Club Ambassadors
Trophies and Awards
Sponsors
Contact Us
Member LoginMember LoginForgotten Your PasswordFirst Time User SetupPlease login to access the volunteering system
Cookie Policy About Cookies
This website uses cookies. By using this website and agreeing to this policy, you consent to BMMC’s use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy.
Cookies are files sent by web servers to web browsers, and stored by the web browsers.
The information is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. This enables a web server to identify and track web browsers.
There are two main kinds of cookies: session cookies and persistent cookies. Session cookies are deleted from your computer when you close your browser, whereas persistent cookies remain stored on your computer until deleted, or until they reach their expiry date.
Cookies on our website
BMMC uses the following cookies on this website, for the following purposes:
To maintain your membership login so that you can access member only pages
To maintain your membership login for the online volunteering system
Google Cookies
BMMC uses Google Analytics to analyse the use of this website. Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users’ computers. The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google will store and use this information. Google’s privacy policy is available at: www.google.com/privacypolicy.html
BMMC publishes Google Adsense interest-based advertisements on this website. These are tailored by Google to reflect your interests. To determine your interests, Google will track your behaviour across the web using cookies. You can view, delete or add interest categories associated with your browser using Google’s Ads Preference Manager, available at: www.google.com/ads/preferences/. You can opt-out of the Adsense partner network cookie at: www.google.com/privacy_ads.html. However, this opt-out mechanism uses a cookie, and if you clear the cookies from your browser your opt-out will not be maintained. To ensure that an opt-out is maintained in respect of a particular browser, you should use the Google browser plug-in available at: www.google.com/ads/preferences/plugin
Refusing Cookies
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies.
In Internet Explorer, you can refuse all cookies by clicking “Tools”, “Internet Options”, “Privacy”, and selecting “Block all cookies” using the sliding selector.
In Firefox, you can adjust your cookies settings by clicking “Tools”, “Options” and “Privacy”.
in Chrome, you can adjust your cookies settings by clicking “Tools”, “Options”, “Under the Hood”, “Privacy” and “Show Cookies”
Blocking cookies may have a negative impact upon the usability of the BMMC website.
Cookie Policy courtesy of www.contractology.com/precedents/freenetlaw-license-cookies-policy.html