http://www.rodeonz.co.nz/privacy-policy/
Home » Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy information
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this Privacy Policy, which explains our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this Privacy Policy easy to find, we make it available throughout our site and where personally identifiable data may be requested.
The Information We Collect
This Privacy Policy applies to all information collected or submitted on our website. On some pages, you may be able to order products, make requests, and register to receive email updates. The types of personal information collected at these pages include:
Name
E-mail address
Phone number
Address
How We Use Information
We use the information you provide about yourself for things such as entering an online contest, placing an order, signing up for email updates. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order. We may use your e-mail address to communicate with you, for example, to notify you of special offers or programs you might find of interest.
We use return e-mail addresses to answer the e-mail we receive. We may also use these e-mail addresses to provide order status and order tracking information, and to respond to queries.
You may be able to register with our website if you would like to receive updates on news , events, or new products or services.
We may use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and share with our advertising agencies. For example, we may tell an advertising agency that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our registration form, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to personally identify those individuals.
If you choose to register or receive products or materials from us, or to otherwise give us personal information, we may store some or all of that personal information and use it for marketing research and marketing purposes.
We will never sell your personal information to any other company.
In the event of a criminal investigation or a suspected illegal activity, we may be required by law enforcement agencies to share certain personal information.
Finally, we never use or share personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.