https://www.ebarrelracing.com/privacypolicy.html
Back to ebarrelracing.com main page
ebarrelracing.com/Equivent Statement of Privacy
ebarrelracing.com/Equivent is committed to protecting your privacy. This Statement of Privacy applies to ebarrelracing.com/Equivent Web site and governs data collection and usage at all ebarrelracing.com/Equivent sites and services; it does not apply to other online or offline sites, products or services. Please read the ebarrelracing.com/Equivent Statement of Privacy. ebarrelracing.com/Equivent is a general audience web site, intended for users of all ages. Personal information of all users is collected, used and disclosed as described in this Statement of Privacy.
ebarrelracing.com/Equivent is a general audience web site, intended for users of all ages. Personal information of all users is collected, used and disclosed as described in this Statement of Privacy.
Collection of your Personal Information
As an E-commerce Web site, ebarrelracing.com/Equivent collects personal information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Information collected by ebarrelracing.com/Equivent is used solely for the purpose of billing and shipping your online purchases. ebarrelracing.com/Equivent does not collect any information about your computer hardware and software.
ebarrelracing.com/Equivent encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from ebarrelracing.com/Equivent so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. We are not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the ebarrelracing.com/Equivent Web site.
Use of your Personal Information
ebarrelracing.com/Equivent and its operational service partners collect and use your personal information to process product orders and deliver the products requested. It is possible that ebarrelracing.com/Equivent may also use personal information to inform you of other products or services available from ebarrelracing.com/Equivent and its affiliates. ebarrelracing.com/Equivent may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
ebarrelracing.com/Equivent does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. ebarrelracing.com/Equivent may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your personal information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party.
ebarrelracing.com/Equivent may access and/or disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on ebarrelracing.com/Equivent or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of ebarrelracing.com/Equivent., including its Web site; or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of ebarrelracing.com/Equivent or the public.
Personal information collected on this site is stored and processed in the United States.
Control your Personal Information
ebarrelracing.com/Equivent offers its customers choices for the collection, use and sharing of personal information. You may go notify us of your preferences by emailing webmistress@ebarrelracing.com. Please be sure to provide complete account information so we can identify you in our records.
You may also stop the delivery of future promotional e-mail from ebarrelracing.com/Equivent by responding directly to any email you receive with a request to remove you from the mailing list
Security of your Personal Information
ebarrelracing.com/Equivent is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For example, we store the personal information you provide on computer systems with limited access, that are located in a controlled facility. When we transmit highly confidential information (such as a credit card number) over the Internet, we protect it through 128 bit encription through SSL secured site.
Changes to this Statement
ebarrelracing.com/Equivent will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. If there are material changes to this Statement or in how ebarrelracing.com/Equivent will use your personal information, ebarrelracing.com/Equivent will prominently post such changes prior to implementing the change. ebarrelracing.com/Equivent encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how ebarrelracing.com/Equivent is protecting your information.