http://www.ringwoodseals.org.uk/privacy-policy/
On the 25th May, the General Data Protection Regulation, known as GDPR, comes into effect. GDPR imposes additional obligations on organisations and gives you extra rights about how your data is used.
This privacy policy sets out how Ringwood Seals Swimming Club uses and protects your information.
Ringwood Seals Swimming Club is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you or your child can be identified, you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
What we collect
When you join the Club, we provide you with paper forms for registration. We require:
The full name and date of birth of your child: the new member.
Medical information, including medication details that could affect your child’s safety or performance in swimming, in accordance with Swim England policy.
Contact details including your address and the email addresses and phone numbers of not less than two responsible adults.
What we do with the information we gather
Your information will be kept in the strictest confidence and will not be shared with any third party, unless duty bound to do so by law.
We only use your information for:
Registration of member(s) with Swim England. This is essential for insurance purposes and to allow entry to Open competitions.
Internal record keeping by the committee and coaches ONLY.
Registration for external competitions.
Swim England registration has to renewed each year so, in April, we will ask you to re-register with the Club as part of this process. At this time, we will ask you to confirm that the Club has accurate records regarding contact, medical and consent details. We provide an online form on the website for this purpose, or you may download a paper version. No information is recorded on the website; your details are emailed directly to the Club’s membership secretary.
It is ESSENTIAL that you inform us of any changes to contact or medical information. It is your responsibility to ensure that the Club has up-to-date contact and medical information for your child and we ask you to fill out a new membership or medical form if there have been any changes, at any time, and hand it to your child’s coach.
We will periodically send emails to your main contact email address regarding Club activities. We do not use a mailing service and any general emails will be issued by our Head Coach. We will only use your phone number or address to contact you in urgent situations: pool closure, last minute changes to gala or training arrangements, illness, or other emergencies.
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. No contact or medical information is kept on our website or elsewhere online. Your original (or updated) medical forms are kept in a secure location at the Centre and taken to social events and galas to ensure that the information is immediately available if needed. This information is not disseminated within the Club.
The Seals website does not use cookies or trackers. From time to time, the results of internal and external galas are published on our website, normally in the password-protected members’ area, and these may contain the name and age of your child. If you do not wish this information to be shown, please let us know.
If your child competes in an Open competition, their details (competitor lists, results, etc) may be published by the organising Club or organisation according to their own privacy policy.
Photographs
For publicity purposes, we may occasionally wish to take photographs of Club activities that involve your child. We ask you to confirm or withdraw your consent when you join the Club and each year as part of our membership renewal process. You may also withdraw consent at any other time.
Links to other websites
Our website and Facebook page may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
We will not supply your personal information to third parties. At any time, you may request details of personal information which we hold about you or your child.
When you leave the Club, we will delete or destroy all records we hold about you and your child within 6 months.
Ringwood Seals Swimming Club may change this policy from time to time. This policy is effective from 25th May 2018.