http://www.scotcycle.co.uk/conditions-of-use
Toggle navigation
Tour Finder
Tour Finder
Location
Scotland
- East and Central Scotland
- West Scotland
- North of Scotland
- Borders Region
- Dumfries & Galloway
- Island Holidays
- Mountain Bike Tours
Group Tours
Rest of UK
- England
-- East Anglia
- Wales
Europe
- Austria
- Belgium
- Czech Republic
- France
-- The Anjou & The Loire Valley
-- The Dordogne & Lot
- Hungary
- Ireland
- Italy
-- Tuscany
-- Umbria
-- Veneto
-- Sardinia
-- Sicily
- Slovenia
- Spain
Self Led / Group
Self Led
Group
Level
1
2
3
4
Departure
January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December
Go
Home
Conditions of Use
Conditions of Use
These terms of use govern your use of our site. Please read these terms in full before you use this Website. If you do not accept these terms of use, please do not use this Website. Your continued use of this site confirms your acceptance of these terms.
WEB SITE ACCESS
It is not necessary to register with us in order to use most parts of this Website. However, particular areas of this Website will only be accessible only if you have registered.
USE OF WEBSITE
This Website may be used for your own private purposes and in accordance with these terms of use. You may print and download material from this Website provided that you do not modify or reproduce any content without our prior written consent.
SITE UPTIME
All reasonable measures are taken by us to ensure that this Website is operational all day, every day. However, occasionally technical issues may result in some downtime and accordingly we will not be liable if this website is unavailable at any time.
VISITOR PROVIDED MATERIAL
Any material that a visitor to this Website sends or posts to this Website shall be considered non-proprietary and non confidential. We shall be entitled to copy, disclose, distribute or use for such other purpose as we deem appropriate all material provided to us, with the exception of personal information, the use of which is covered under our Privacy Policy.
When using this website you shall not post or send to or from this Website any material:
for which you have not obtained all necessary consents;
that is discriminatory, obscene, pornographic, defamatory, liable to incite racial hatred, in breach of confidentiality or privacy, which may cause annoyance or inconvenience to others, which encourages or constitutes conduct that would be deemed a criminal offence, give rise to a civil liability, or otherwise is contrary to the law in the United Kingdom;
which is harmful in nature including, and without limitation, computer viruses, Trojan horses, corrupted data, or other potentially harmful software or data.
LINKS TO AND FROM OTHER WEBSITES
Throughout this Website you may find links to third party websites. The provision of a link to such a website does not mean that we endorse that website.  If you visit any website via a link on this Website you do so at your own risk.
Any party wishing to link to this website is entitled to do so provided that the conditions below are observed:
you do not seek to imply that we are endorsing the services or products of another party unless this has been agreed with us in writing.
you do not misrepresent your relationship with this website and the website from which you link to this Website does not contain offensive or otherwise  controversial content or, content that infringes any intellectual property rights or other rights of a third party.
DISCLAIMER
Whilst we do take all reasonable steps to make sure that the information on this website is up to date and accurate at all times we do not guarantee that all material is accurate and up to date. All material contained on this Website is provided without any warranty of any kind. You use the material on this Website at your own discretion.
EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY
We do not accept liability for any loss or damage that you suffer as a result of using this Website.
Nothing in these Terms of Use shall exclude or limit liability for death or personal injury caused by negligence which cannot be excluded or under the law of the United Kingdom.
LAW AND JURISDICTION
These terms of use are governed by Scottish law. Any dispute arising in connection with these terms of use shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of Scotland.
OUR DETAILS
Our business name is:Scottish Cycling Holidays
Our business address is:87 Perth Street, Blairgowrie, Perthshire, PH10 6DT, Scotland
Our contact details are:Telephone: (+44) 1250 876100, Fax: (+44) 1250 873383, Email: info@scotcycle.co.uk
Newsletter
Sign up for our newsletter
Wait...
Toggle navigation
Quick Links
Quick Links
Sitemap
Cycling in Scotland
Levels Explained
Our Cycles
Our Holidays
Our Services
Privacy Notice
Conditions of Use
About Us
Useful Links
Toggle navigation
Customer service
Customer service
Recently viewed products
Booking Conditions
Contact us
Toggle navigation
My account
My account
My account
Orders
Addresses
Follow us
Copyright © 2020 ScotCycle. All rights reserved.
Site by: Axya Web Solutions
Powered by nopCommerce