http://www.thegolfingmachine.com/privacy-policy/
CALL TODAY 877.647.GOLF
Welcome back . My Account |
AUTHORIZED INSTRUCTORS  LOGIN
Home
Golf Professionals
Amateur Golfers
BIA™
Blog
Videos
Store
Privacy Policy
THE GOLFING MACHINE PRIVACY POLICY
We are
committed to respecting the privacy rights of all visitors to our Web site.  This
Privacy Policy explains the choices you can make about the way your information
is collected and used.  It is available for review on our homepage and at other
pages where we request personally identifiable information.  BY USING THIS WEB
SITE YOU SIGNIFY YOUR ASSENT TO THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY.  Do not use
this Web site if you do not agree with any term in this Privacy
Policy.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE
COLLECT?
Generally,
we limit the collection of information to what is known as non-personally
identifiable information (such as, first name, age, state or country).  We also
collect certain types of personal information such as an email address.  This
information is collected so that visitors can participate in activities (such
as, receiving our e-mail newsletter[s], participating in our question
polls).
In some
areas on our Web site additional personally identifiable information is asked
for and collected (for example, full name, mailing address and phone number) so
that our visitors can participate in certain activities, such as online
promotions and access to registered areas of this site and are not accessible
without giving us the necessary personally identifiable information.  Whenever we
request that you submit personally identifiable information, we will notify you
of our intended use of the information, as more specifically discussed below.
YOU ARE UNDER NO OBLIGATION TO PROVIDE, AND CAN DECLINE TO PROVIDE, ANY
REQUESTED INFORMATION AT ANY TIME. HOWEVER, IF YOU DECLINE TO PROVIDE PERSONAL
INFORMATION THAT IS REASONABLY NECESSARY TO PARTICIPATE IN CERTAIN ACTIVITIES,
YOU MAY NOT BE ABLE TO PARTICIPATE IN THOSE ACTIVITIES AT THIS WEB
SITE.
The types
of information collected at this Web site may include:
- Contact information, such as full name, e-mail address
and mailing address.
- Financial information and/or Credit/Debit Card data
(for, by way of example, online store purchase information).
- Demographic information, such as date of birth, age,
aggregate information, gender, state and country.
- Internet Protocol (IP) Information, such as your IP
address and browser type.
- Information collected by or held in
"cookies."
HOW DO WE USE
INFORMATION?
Registration:
If this Web
site has a registration procedure, our Web site's registration form requires
users to give us contact information, unique identifiers, and demographic
information.  All registration information is submitted to us on a voluntary
basis.  We may also ask registered members to tell us how they found out about
us.  Once you register, we use customer contact information from the registration
form to contact you, to send you information about our company and/or to give
you updates on products and/or services.  You may register on our Web site and
choose not to receive information and updates by un-checking the relevant box on
the registration form.
IF YOU ARE
UNDER 13, YOU MUST HAVE YOUR PARENT'S OR GUARDIAN'S CONSENT BEFORE YOU REGISTER OR PROVIDE
ANY INFORMATION.
Product
Support:
To send an
email to our Technical Support team regarding a problem you encounter with a
product, we may ask you to provide your first name and email address in addition
to information about the product you are having trouble with.  The email you
provide for this purpose is used only to respond to the sender’s problem and as
a record of the support action taken.
Online
Promotions:
We or our
advertisers, licensees and/or other business partners may have special online
promotions which feature products or services related to our business
activities.  TO PARTICIPATE IN ANY PROMOTION, YOU MUST BE 13 YEARS OR OLDER
(unless otherwise specified by the promotion's rules and regulations).  You may
be asked to provide an e-mail address or screen name so that we can let you
know if you won a prize.  For other promotions, we may request your name and home
address in order to send you products or information by regular mail.  The
specific rules and regulations governing the particular promotion will vary, and
your participation constitutes your agreement to abide by those rules and
regulations.
Online
Contests:
We or our
advertisers, licensees and/or other business partners may sponsor contests or
sweepstakes which may be entered online.  The specific rules and regulations
governing the particular contest or sweepstakes will vary, and your participation
constitutes your agreement to abide by those rules and regulations.  IF YOU ARE
UNDER 13, YOU WILL NEED YOUR PARENT'S OR GUARDIAN'S CONSENT BEFORE YOU CAN
PARTICIPATE IN THIS ACTIVITY.  We use the information you provide in connection
with your placing an order, entering a game, entering a contest, completing an
order and/or fulfilling a prize.  We use return e-mail addresses to respond to
inquiries we receive, and may use return e-mail to communicate with you or to
send you other information.
Collecting and Sharing
Data:
We
sometimes collect information to find out how people found our Web site, which
pages they visited, and how long they stayed.  In addition, we may aggregate
demographic and non-personal information you provide and use aggregate
information to better design our Web site and to improve our marketing strategy
and our product offerings.  We may share this demographic and non-personal
information with our advertisers, licensees and/or other business partners with
whom we link to permit them to improve management and utilization of our site.
Other than
as explained in this policy, we may disclose personal information in the good
faith belief that we are required to do so by law, or that doing so is
reasonably necessary to: comply with legal processes; respond to any claims; or,
protect the rights, property or personal safety of The Golfing Machine,
its subsidiaries and affiliates, our customers or the public.  In addition,
information about our customers, including, without limitation, personal
information regarding customers under 13, may be disclosed as part of any
bankruptcy, merger, sale, transfer of company assets, or acquisition.  OTHER THAN
AS STATED, we will not sell or share personal information with any other
party.
Opinions:
We may ask
for your opinion from time to time.  You may send us questions or comments which
may require personal information for a response.  However, please note that we
have a policy against accepting unsolicited material, so do not submit any
unsolicited or unique creative ideas, drawings or other materials, and refer to
our policy on unsolicited submissions in our Terms of Use.  IF YOU ARE UNDER 13,
YOU WILL NEED YOUR PARENT'S OR GUARDIAN'S CONSENT BEFORE YOU CAN PROVIDE THIS
INFORMATION.
Purchasing
Items:
Purchasing
items from various online stores may require the giving of personally
identifiable information (such as, name, credit card information).
Cookies:
We use a
software technology called "cookies" to collect non-personally identifiable
information.  Cookies are pieces of information that we may place on your
computer to help "personalize" your visit to the Web site and to allow you to
enter our Web site without having to remember and enter any special passwords.
For example, a "cookie" will allow us to remember certain things about you, such
as your screen name, to track visitor scores or to help you keep track of where
you left off in a game.  "Cookies" may include the type of browser software you
use to access the Internet (i.e. Internet Explorer, Netscape 3.0,), type of
operating system (i.e. Windows 95, Mac, etc.), and/or the domain name of your
Internet service provider.  Except with respect to our e-commerce activities
(e.g., on-line purchases), we do not link your non-personally identifiable
information in "cookies" with personally identifiable information about you.  In
addition, some companies place or provide banner ads on this Web site that might
also place cookies.  These companies use this cookie information according to
their own privacy and security policies.
IP Address and Machine
Type:
An IP
address is a number automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are
surfing the Web.  Web servers, the computers that "serve up" Web pages,
automatically identify your computer by its IP address.  When you request a page
from our Web site, our servers log your IP address.  An IP address does not
contain personally identifiable information.  Except with respect to our
e-commerce activities (e.g., on-line purchases), we do not link IP addresses
with personally identifiable information.  We may use your IP address to help
diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site.  Your IP
address is used to help identify you and your shopping cart and to gather broad
demographic information.  We may also collect information about your browser
software and/or machine type (e.g., Windows, Mac, Unix, etc.).
Links:
We
sometimes create links to the external Web sites and independently operated,
external Web sites not associated with or authorized by us may have links
leading to our Web site.  We cannot control external links to our Web site and
are not responsible for any content appearing on those Web sites or for any
personal information gathered by those sites.
Bumper Pages:
We
sometimes provide a "bumper page" when linking from our Web site to an
independently-operated Web site, which lets you know you are going to an
independently-operated Web site and reminds children not to give out information
online without their parent's permission.
Data Integrity and
Security:
We take
reasonable precautions to keep your personal information secure. We have put in
place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard
the confidentiality and integrity of the information we collect.  In cases where
the information is not stored on separate computer servers, it is only
accessible from specific computers within our control. We have and will continue
to take reasonable measures to assure the security and accuracy of all
information our visitors share with us.  Our efforts include procedures designed
to avoid any unauthorized access, alteration, misuse or disclosure of personally
identifiable information.
CHANGES
Our Changes:
We reserve
the right to change or remove this privacy policy at our discretion.  If we
decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our Web site.
We encourage you to visit this area frequently to stay informed.
TO WHAT WEB SITES DOES THIS PRIVACY POLICY APPLY?
The terms
of this Privacy Policy apply to all information submitted on this Web site and
not to information that may be submitted to us offline.  In addition, the terms
shall only apply to Web sites owned and operated by The Golfing Machine.  It does not otherwise apply to any independently operated Web sites, for which
separate privacy policies and terms of use shall apply.  Finally, since this
Privacy Policy is intended to protect individuals, it does not apply to
businesses or persons acting on behalf of businesses.
CONTACT
INFORMATION
We hope you
have a better understanding of our commitment to protect privacy.  If you have
any questions or comments about anything in this Privacy Policy, please contact
us at tgm@thegolfingmachine.com
Thank you
and enjoy the site!
©
2011, The Golfing Machine, LLC. All rights reserved.
© 2011-2014 The Golfing Machine, LLC.  All Rights Reserved.
About TGM  |  Contact  |  Search  |  Privacy Policy  |  Sitemap