http://www.pgawest.com/club/scripts/site/privacy.asp
Contact Us
Member Login
Username
Password
Keep me logged in
Login Help
Tee Times
PGA WEST
Membership
Real Estate
About Us
Golf
Sports Club
Dining & Events
Club History
Club Houses
La Quinta Community
Contact & Directions
Privacy PolicyPrivacy
Policy
Century
Golf Partners is committed to safeguarding your privacy while visiting the
Century Golf Partners website. Our goal is to provide you with an Internet
experience that delivers the information, resources and services that are most relevant
to you about our company. To achieve this goal, part of the operation of the
Site includes the gathering of certain types of information about Site users.
Because we understand that your privacy is important, we wish to explain the
types of information we gather and the way in which we use it. This Privacy
Policy applies to the Site.
This
Privacy Policy covers two types of information gathered at the Site, personal
and aggregated. The term "personal information" refers to data you
voluntarily provide in connection with use of the Site that identifies you
and/or the company on whose behalf you are accessing and using the Site.
Personal information includes, e.g., data submitted in connection with our
services, such as your name, e-mail address, phone number, company affiliation,
physical address and/or certain other personal information. The term
"aggregated data" refers to general information regarding visitors
and users of the Site that relates to use of the Site, e.g., traffic patterns,
number of visits to certain pages, visits from other web sites or to
third-party web sites linked to the Site, use of particular services and
interest in services, information or features of the Site or other parties made
available through or found at the Site.
What information is collected about you? How do we use it?
We
take the utmost care to ensure that the personal information we obtain from you
is not used in a way that you may be unaware of or not agreeable to. You may
wish to submit an information request about one of our services or products,
participate in one of our promotions or subscribe to our e-mail or postal mail
lists. In response, we may ask for information such as your name and postal
address. In the event you opt to provide us with this information, we will only
use it for the purpose specified by you at the bottom of the information
gathering form. All forms will provide an opt-out button to allow you to choose
not to participate in Century Golf Partners lists and future online marketing.
In deciding whether or not to join such lists, please note that they are only
used for Century Golf Partners purposes or in joint promotions with a strategic
partner. We do not sell, rent or share any of your personal information with
any other party including any third-party joint promoters, nor use it for
unapproved commercial purposes. You may request to be removed from our lists at
any time. All emails distributed to our lists will contain easy, online access
to unsubscribe.
Use of Aggregated Data
Century
Golf Partners is interested in improving the Site and may develop and offer new
features and services. We monitor aggregated data regarding use of the Site for
marketing purposes and to study, improve and promote use of the Site. In
connection with such purposes, Century Golf Partners may share aggregated
data with third parties collectively and in an anonymous way. Disclosure of
aggregated data does not reveal personal information about individual Site
users in any way that identifies who they are or how to contact them.
Exceptions to the Privacy Policy
Century
Golf Partners has two exceptions to these limits on use of personal
information:
(1)
Century Golf Partners may monitor and, when we believe in good faith that
disclosure is required, disclose information to protect the security, property,
assets and/or rights of Century Golf Partners from unauthorized use, or misuse,
of the Site or anything found at the Site.
(2)
Century Golf Partners may disclose information when required by law; however,
only to the extent necessary and in a manner that seeks to maintain the privacy
of the individual.
Use of Cookies
To
enable features at the Site, Century Golf Partners may assign one or more
"cookies" to your Internet browser. Cookies, among other things,
speed navigation through our Site, keep track of information so that you do not
have to re-enter it each time you visit our Site, and may provide you with
customized content. A cookie is an Internet mechanism composed of a small text
file containing a unique identification number that permits a web server to
send small pieces of information or text by means of your browser and place
them on your computer's hard drive for storage. This text lets the web server
know if you have previously visited the web page. Cookies by themselves cannot
be used to find out the identity of any user.
We
use cookies to collect and maintain aggregated data (such as the number of
visitors) to help us see which areas are most popular with our users and
improve and update the content on our site. While in the process of browsing
our site, you also provide us with information that doesn't reveal your
personal identity -- what type of destination you're exploring, for example. We
use this aggregated data only as explained in this Privacy Policy. We do not
connect aggregated data to any name, address, or other identifying information.
Links Provided To Other Sites
Century
Golf Partners may provide links to a number of other web sites that we believe
might offer you useful examples of our work and services. However, those sites
may not follow the same privacy policies as Century Golf Partners. Therefore,
we are not responsible for the privacy policies or the actions of any third
parties, including without limitation, any web site owners whose sites may be reached
through this Site, nor can we control the activities of those web sites. We
urge you to contact the relevant parties controlling these sites or accessing
their on-line policies for the relevant information about their data collection
practices before submitting any personal information or other sensitive data.
Your Consent To This Privacy Policy
Use
of the Site signifies your consent, as well as the consent of the company for
whom you use the Site and whose information you submit (if any), to this on-line
Privacy Policy, including the collection and use of information by Century Golf
Partners, as described in this statement, and also signifies agreement to the
terms of use for the Site. Continued access and use of the Site without
acceptance of the terms of this Privacy Policy relieves Century Golf Partners
from responsibility to the user.
Policy Modifications & Contacting Century Golf Partners
Century
Golf Partners reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time;
notice of changes will be published on this page. Changes will always be
prospective, not retroactive. If you have questions about our policies, please
contact:
Century Golf Partners
Three Lincoln Centre
5430 LBJ Freeway
Suite 1400
Dallas, Texas 75240
55-955 PGA Blvd La Quinta, CA
92253
Home
Membership
Real Estate
About Us
Golf
Sports Club
Dining & Events
CareersMember Login
The Citrus Club
Copyright ©2020 PGA WEST. All Rights Reserved
|
Country Club Websites by MembersFirst
|
Terms of Use
|
Privacy
PGA West on Facebook
Copyright ©2020 by The Club at PGA WEST. All Rights Reserved.  Private Golf Club sites by MembersFirst  |  Terms of Use  |  Privacy  |  Mobile  |  Request My Information