http://www.vogelsingersoccer.com/privacy/
Home
Privacy Policy
Questions? Call us! 1-800-645-3226
Privacy Policy
US Sports Camps, Inc. Privacy Policy
US Sports Camps, Inc. (“USSC”) is committed to maintaining the privacy of your information. This notice explains how we collect, share, and protect the information that you provide to us. By accessing our website, you are consenting to the terms described below.
HOW WE COLLECT INFORMATION
In order to optimize your use of our website and services, we may need to collect the following types of information from you:
Contact, Registration, and Billing Information
You may choose to provide us with information about you or a camper in order to request information, have full use of our website, or enroll in a camp.
Specifically, this personally identifying information includes:
Contact information, such as your name, e-mail address, mailing address, and phone number;
Camper information, including a name, date of birth, and gender; and
Billing information, such as a credit card number and a billing address.
Cookies
We also collect information via cookies, which gather and store data about your website usage trends and patterns. The cookie data we collect includes, but is not limited to, the areas or pages of our website you visit, your account preferences, and your Unique Internet Protocol (“I.P.”) Address. This information does not personally identify you, and we do not share your cookie data with any third parties.
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you have the ability to view, disable, or delete cookies from your web browser at any time. Please be aware that changing your browser’s cookie or website data settings may limit your ability to use all of the features provided on our website.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We use your personal information to allow you to download camp brochures, request information from specific camps, receive e-mail updates containing news or camp schedules, create an account, register and pay for a camp, access areas of our website restricted to registered members, and apply for a staff position. We use your cookie data to monitor and improve our website and to personalize your user experience.
HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
In general, the information we collect is protected against unauthorized access and is not sold to or shared with third parties. In the following circumstances, however, we may disclose the following:
Your name and e-mail address to our title sponsor, Nike, Inc., for marketing and promotional purposes;
Account or other information to a law enforcement agency or other third parties if it is necessary to comply with law;
Account or other information when we believe disclosure is necessary to limit our legal liability or to protect our rights or property;
Account or other information to protect the rights or property of third parties or the users of our website;
Account or other information to service providers engaged by us to execute certain activities including payment processing, mail or e-mail distribution, and other technical and processing functions, such as maintaining data integrity, programming operations, user services, or technology services; and
Account or other information as part of a merger, sale, or other business transfer.
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
Our website has security measures in place to protect your information and to maintain data accuracy. The confidential data you submit is encrypted using industry-standard Secure Socket Layer (“SSL”) encryption, utilized by most popular browsers.
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR CHILD’S PRIVACY
Your child’s privacy is important to us. As a result, we operate our website in compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act.
Our website is intended for a general audience. The only information about your child that we request from you is that which is necessary to enroll them in one of our camps. We do not permit registration by, and will not knowingly collect or share personally identifiable information from, anyone under 13 years of age.
Rights of Parents or Legal Guardians
If you are a parent or legal guardian of a child under the age of 13, you have the right to review, have deleted, or otherwise prevent third party disclosure of your child’s information. If your child under the age of 13 may have provided us with personal information without your consent, please contact us in any manner described in the “Contact Us” section below.
THIRD PARTY LINKS AND WEBSITES
Our website contains links to third party websites that have their own privacy policies or statements. This Privacy Policy is not applicable to your activities on those third party websites, and we have no responsibility or liability for the content or activities of those linked sites. It is your duty to consult the respective policies of those third parties in order to understand how they protect your privacy.
INTERNATIONAL VISITORS
If you are an international visitor to our website, please be aware that the laws governing data collection and usage may differ from those where you are located. By accessing our website and providing your information, you agree that you are transferring your personal information to the United States, and you consent to that transfer.
PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES
We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time. Your use of our website after changes to this Privacy Policy are posted constitutes your acceptance of those changes.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy or your information, please contact us in any of the following ways:
Send an e-mail to webmaster@ussportscamps.com;
Send a fax to (415) 479-6061, Attn: Webmaster;
Call us at (415) 479-6060; or
Send a letter to the following mailing address:
US Sports Camps, Inc.
1010 B Street, Suite 450
San Rafael, CA 94901
About US Sports Camps »
About Vogelsinger
Program Overview
Coaches
Facilities
Testimonials
Peace of Mind Policy
Camp News
Contact Us
Finding the right camp is easy!
Type in the kind of camp you're looking for and we'll show you what's available.
Search for camps:
Search
Soccer