http://www.poconodowns.com/about-mohegan-sun-pocono/privacy-policy.html
Skip To Main Content
GAMING & PROMOS
Gaming
Overview
Slots
Poker
Table Games
How to Play Table Games
Responsible Gaming
Your Host
Casino Credit
Tax Forms
Current Promos
Sports Wagering
Unibet Sportsbook at Mohegan Sun Pocono
Unibet Sportsbook at Lehigh Valley
Momentum
Momentum Overview
Core
Ignite
Leap
Ascend
Soar
ENTERTAINMENT
Event Calendar
Keystone Grand Ballroom
About Keystone Grand Ballroom
Calendar
Tickets
Wise Crackers Comedy Club
About Wise Crackers Comedy Club
Calendar
Tickets
Breakers
About Breakers
Calendar
Nightlife
Signature Events
The River 104.9 FM
DINE & SHOP
Dining
All Restaurants
Dining Specials
Casual Dining
Fine Dining
Bars & Nightclubs
Dining Reservations
Shopping
All Shops
Shopping Specials
Mohegan Sun Gift Cards
HOTEL & SPA
Book A Stay
Hotel Overview
Overview
View Our Rooms
Special Packages
Amenities
Area Hotels
Getting Here
Spa Sapphire
LIVE RACING
Live Racing Overview
Overview
Stats
Dial-A-Bet/iBet
Horsemen
Off-Track Wagering
Racing Rewards Club
Racing Schedules
Race Replays/Scratches & Changes
My Horsemen
Calendar
Off-Track Wagering
Mohegan Sun Pocono at Lehigh Valley Race and Sportsbook
MEETINGS
Convention Center & Meeting Spaces
Overview
Meeting Spaces
Event Services
Getting Here
Plan An Event
ABOUT US
About Mohegan Sun Pocono
Getting Here
Contact Us
FAQ
CAREERS
LOCATIONS
Mohegan Sun (CT)
Resorts Casino Hotel (NJ)
ilani (WA)
Mohegan Sun Casino at Virgin Hotels Las Vegas
Fallsview Casino Resort (Canada)
Casino Niagara (Canada)
Paragon Casino Resort (LA)
Inspire Entertainment Resort (South Korea)
MY WORLD LOGIN
Overview
Book a Visit
My Promos and Offers
My Status
My Calendar
My Reservations
My Account Info
Update Account
Tax Forms
Casino Credit
Login
Logout
Book A Visit
PRIVACY POLICY
We value our patrons and take their personal privacy seriously. In the course of providing patrons with credit or other financial services we collect certain personal information that we understand may be considered private or confidential. This information may be contained in applications and other forms submitted to us, gathered from gaming activity with us or obtained from our affiliates and other third parties such as credit bureaus. The following is a description of our policies as it pertains to the collection, use and handling of this information.
OUR PRIVACY PRINCIPLES
We protect, according to strict standards of security and confidentiality,all non-public personal information we collect about our customers.
We maintain physical, electronic and organizational safeguards to protect this information.
We contractually require any person or organization providing products or services to customers on our behalf to protect the confidentiality of this information.
We afford former customers the same protections as existing customers with respect to the use and sharing of their information.
We permit only authorized employees, who are trained in the proper handling of this information, to have access to it.
INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT
We collect and use information we believe is necessary to administer our business and provide patrons with the financial services they request. We may collect and maintain several types of information needed for these purposes, such as those stated below.
Information we receive on applications for credit or other financial services, such as name, address, telephone number, Social Security number and other identifying information.
Information we receive about patrons from others, including credit bureaus, relating to credit history and financial transactions with others.
Information about patron transactions with us, including payment history and/or gaming activity with Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority.
INFORMATION DISCLOSURE TO AFFILIATED ENTITIES
If necessary, we may share information we receive from patrons, and about patron transactions with us, with affiliated entities for the purpose of providing financial or promotional services.
INFORMATION DISCLOSURE TO NON-AFFILIATED ENTITIES
We share the information we collect about our patrons with credit bureaus, collection agencies, and other non-affiliated third parties only as permitted by law. Certain limited patron information may be shared with other businesses with which we contract, who may contact patrons as part of a joint marketing or promotional program (Joint Marketers). These businesses may include financial services companies, such as banks and insurance companies, other service providers, such as airlines and car rental agencies, and retailers. The information we share with them such as name, address and telephone number is gathered solely from participation in our loyalty program.
CHOICE TO SHARE INFORMATION
It is the choice of the patron whether or not we share their personal information with Joint Marketers. Patrons must be given the opportunity to opt out of our marketing efforts at all interfaces for which their information is requested for these purposes.
NOTIFICATION
Notification of our Privacy Policy must be provided to patrons in a manner in which provides them the opportunity to understand the implication of sharing their information prior to doing so.
CHANGES IN PRIVACY POLICY
Over time, it may be necessary to modify or supplement our Privacy Policy. Material changes will be communicated to our active credit or gaming customers.