http://www.paintedriverranch.net/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Last updated May 21, 2020.
The Painted River Ranch website at https://paintedriverranch.net is operated by Laura Martin.
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information we receive from users of our website. By using our website, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Information Collection And Use
We use the information about our website visitors to improve their experience while visiting.
Log Data
Like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our website (“Log Data”).
This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
In addition, we may use third party services such as Google Analytics that collect, monitor and analyze the collected statistics.
Personal Information
We do not collect personal information from our website visitors.
However, our website visitors may optionally subscribe to our newsletter.
In doing so, their first name and email address are collected, and used to send communications to them via email.
Cookies
Like many sites, we use “cookies” to collect information. Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer’s hard drive.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent.
Security
The security of your personal information is important to us.
Our website uses secure socket layer technology (SSL) for data transmission.
However, remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of May 1, 2020 and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.
We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time, therefore you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of our website after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
Laura Martin & Ralph Flegg
Box 26098 Lawson Heights,
Saskatoon, Saskatchewan S7K 8C1
Phone: 306 893 8183