https://www.usu.edu/privacy/
Skip to main content
USU Homepage
A-Z index
MyUSU
Directory
Search
Search
Questions?
Questions?
Toggle navigation
Questions?
Questions?
About
Welcome to USU
Plain and simple, people who have been to Utah State University love it. Just ask them. No other place provides the complete package quite like USU: top-notch academics, nationally recognized research, Division I athletics, and more than 200 student clubs and organizations, all on the oldest residential campus in the state.
Overview
Who we are
About USU
USU at a Glance
History and Traditions
Life in Logan
Notable Alumni
Contact Us
Getting There
Maps
Directions
Visiting Campus
Newsroom
News at USU
Event Calendar
USU Pressroom
Leadership
President's Office
Provost's Office
Board of Trustees
Information
Offices
Directory
Employment
Admission
Be an Aggie
At Utah State University we are proud to offer our students a world-class education that is tailored to fit your LIFE GOALS. So whether you are a high school student ready to begin your university experience, recent college undergraduate looking into graduate studies, or an international student looking for a broader horizon, USU’s engaging and supportive community is ready to help you achieve your potential.
Overview
Undergraduate
Undergraduate Admissions
Apply
Campus Tour
Undergraduate Degrees
International Students
Concurrent Enrollment
Graduate
School of Graduate Studies
Apply
Graduate Degrees
International Students
Financial Aid
Tuition and Fees
Financial Aid Office
Scholarships
Graduate Funding
Registration
Dates & Deadlines
Academic Calendar
Tuition & Payment
University Catalog
Register for Classes
Transcripts
Academics
Learning at USU
A degree from Utah State University is a golden ticket to anywhere. With nationally ranked programs, award-winning faculty, and a close-knit family of illustrious alumni, USU students are fully equipped to succeed in anything.
Learn more about Academics
Find a Degree
Degree Finder
Keywords Search
A-Z Degree List
Undergraduate Degrees
Graduate Degrees
Online Degrees
Information
Colleges
School of Graduate Studies
Departments & Programs
Academic Calendar
University Catalog
Statewide Campuses
Online Learning
Resources
Advising
Commencement
Library
Academic Support
Global Engagement
Study Abroad
Honors Program
Campus Life
Student Experience
Boasting the oldest residential campus in the state, it’s really no surprise that we EMPOWER our students to enrich the lives of others. With more than 200 student clubs and organizations, there are extensive opportunities to engage every student. And for the many students who participate, it isn’t even about getting credit, but about making a difference and moving forward toward a better, smarter future.
Overview
Logan Campus Community
Living on Campus
Get Involved
Health and Recreation
Campus Safety
Campus Services
Other Locations
Statewide Campuses
USU Eastern
Things to do
Event Calendar
Arts & Culture
Athletics
Cache Valley & Utah
Research
Campuses
Statewide Education
Utah State University has over 25 campuses and centers around the state of Utah where you can learn and interact with your
peers and instructors via broadcasting technologies. Your classroom is right next door.
Overview
Beaver
Bicknell
Blanding
Brigham City
Cortez
Delta
Ephraim
Heber City
Junction
Kanab
Kaysville
Moab
Montezuma Creek
Monticello
Monument Valley
Nephi
Orem
Panguitch
Park City
Richfield
Roosevelt
Salt Lake
Tooele
Tremonton
USU Eastern (Price)
Vernal
Extension
Info for
Future Students
Current Students
Faculty/Staff
Alumni
Parents
USU Home
Privacy Notice
USU Privacy Notice
In This Section
What Information We Collect
How We Use Collected Information
How We Share Collected Information
How We Protect Collected Information
How to Contact USU
Privacy Notice Changes
See Also
Copyright and Terms of Use
Send a Suggestion
Effective Date: 25 May 2018
Utah State University (USU) values your privacy and is committed to maintaining your trust. Therefore, we provide this Privacy Notice explaining our online information practices. This Privacy Notice describes how USU may collect, use, and share information you directly and indirectly provide when using USU websites or USU-published mobile applications.
This Policy Notice does not cover the practices of our third-party partners (e.g., vendors), nor does it apply to Personally Identifiable Information (PII) that we collect from or about our employees, vendors, consultants, or contractors. Additionally, some USU websites may deviate from this notice. In these cases, we encourage you to read page-specific notices to ensure you understand the applicable privacy policies and practices.
By using USU websites or USU-published mobile applications, you agree to the Terms and Conditions of this Privacy Notice and to our processing of personal information for the purposes stated below. If you do not agree to the Terms and Conditions of the Privacy Statements, please do not use the site or the mobile applications.
International Visitors
USU is located in the United States (State of Utah). By providing information to USU, you are transferring your personal data to the United States. If you are providing personal information and are not a resident of the United States, your country’s laws governing data collection and use may differ from those in the United States. The United States has not sought nor received a finding of “adequacy” from the European Union under Article 45 of the GDPR, and USU relies on derogations for specific situations as set forth in Article 49 of the GDPR.
What Information We Collect
USU collects personal information about you when you voluntarily provide it. Other services may require additional information through an account in order to access certain features; an account, created for you to authenticate into a system or service, includes personal information identifying you for the sake of the service.
"Personal information" is any information that can be used to identify you or that may be linked to you. This information is commonly limited to the information found in a public directory, such as first name, last name, postal address, email address, and phone number.
Web Servers
As do most websites, USU web servers automatically collect the following information about your device:
The public Internet Protocol (IP) address of the device through which you access USU websites.
The Uniform Resource Locator (URL) of the website from which a device reaches a USU website (called a referrer), typically by following a link.
The webpages requested from the USU websites.
The Date and Time of Access.
The Operating System of the device through which you access USU websites.
The Browser Type and Version, the Monitor Screen Size and Color Depth and other plugin and program information as sent by your browser.
Similar data and information that may be used in the event of attacks on our information technology (IT) systems
When using this general information, USU does not draw any conclusions about you. Rather, this information is needed to (1) deliver the content of our websites correctly, (2) optimize the content of our websites, (3) ensure the long-term viability of our information technology systems and website technology, and (4) provide law enforcement authorities with the information necessary for criminal prosecution in case of a cyber-attack.
Mobile Applications
When you install mobile applications with the publisher name “Utah State University” from the Google Play store and Apple’s App Store, the application may ask for permission to use or access:
GPS services
Contacts (store or retrieve a contact)
Internet
Calendar (store or set events)
External storage (images, save downloads, etc.)
Notifications
The general information described above may be aggregated with the general information of all site visitors to identify how our websites or applications are used and to improve the application content and structure. In turn, we may share this aggregate information about our site with partners or the general public. For example, we may share information regarding the daily number of unique visitors to our site or mobile applications with USU administration or potential partners. Aggregate data does not contain any information that could be used to contact or identify you.
Web Analytics
Some Utah State University websites and mobile applications use Google Analytics, a service provided by Google, Inc. We use this data to determine the number of people using our site, their journey through the websites, as well as how they find and use our web pages. Google Analytics records data such as your geographical location, device type, internet browser, operating system and associated information; none of this information personally identifies you. Google Analytics also records your IP address, which could be used to personally identify you, but Google does not grant USU access to this, see Google Privacy Policy. To opt out of the Google Analytics advertising features outlined above, follow the instructions at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Cookies and Tracking
USU may also collect certain information passively, such as collecting online, non-identifying information through the use of cookies technology and/or Internet Protocol (“IP”) address tracking. Through the use of cookies, USU provides more user-friendly services. Non-personal identification information might include the browser used by you, the type of computer, the operating systems, the Internet service providers, and other similar information. The USU system also automatically gathers information about the areas you visit on the websites and about the links you may select from within the site to other sites. Most browsers are set to accept cookies. You can set yours to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent; however, if you disable cookies, the full functionality of some our sites may not be available to you.
Please note that we do not currently respond to web browser “do not track” signals or other mechanisms that may allow you to opt out of the collection of information across networks of websites and online services as there is no standard for how online services should respond to such signals. As standards develop, we may develop policies for responding to do-not-track signals that we will describe in this Privacy Notice.
Other Sources
USU may receive information about you from other sources, including third parties that help us update, expand, and analyze our records, identify new customers, or prevent or detect fraud. USU may also receive information about you from social media platforms, including but not limited to, when you access our social media content or interact with us on these platforms. The information we may receive is governed by the privacy settings, policies, and/or procedures of the applicable social media platform; therefore, we encourage you to review them.
Children
USU does not believe our websites are appealing to children, nor are they directed to children under 13. USU does not knowingly collect personally identifiable data from persons under the age of 13, and strives to comply with the provisions of COPPA (The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act). If you are a parent of a child under 13, and you believe that your child has provided us with information about him or herself, please contact us at privacy@USU.edu.
How We Use Collected Information
USU may use the information we collect:
To respond to your inquiries
To provide services or materials you request
To operate and understand how services are utilized
To maintain our contact list
To provide business services for which the information is intended
To assess the effectiveness of our events, campaigns, and publications
For information processing that is reasonably appropriate or necessary within our legal obligations
As a responsible organization, we do not use automatic decision-making or profiling. Moreover, your personal information will not be used in ways unrelated to the ones described without a clear notice and without providing an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit unrelated uses.
How We Share Collected Information
USU may share collected information with third parties and other University parties for legitimate business purposes without your consent, including but not limited to, the following reasons or in the following circumstances:
As necessary to complete a transaction for you.
To vendors or third-parties who deliver or provide goods and services or otherwise act on behalf of or at the direction of USU, such as exam testing agencies and partners, product-fulfillment companies, third-party event hosts, other third parties who may provide services on websites that are accessible from links on one of our sites, and credit card companies processing payment;
To USU administration;
To investigate potentially fraudulent or questionable activities;
To cooperate with law enforcement or in response to a government or regulatory request, including if specifically requested or required, as otherwise permitted by law, and for other valid USU business purposes.
Required by law or by an order of a court, regulatory bodies, or governmental authority.
As we deem necessary to protect the rights, safety, or property of Utah State University.
USU also may use your profile information on an aggregate basis – without personal identifiers – to provide the University administration and third parties with information, such as developing new features and content for the sites, and providing sponsors and others with aggregate information about our users and the usage patterns of the sites.
How We Protect Collected Information
USU uses reasonable measures to safeguard personal information collected on its sites depending on its sensitivity. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have suitable physical, technical, and managerial controls and procedures to safeguard the information we collect online. Our measures follow applicable laws regarding the safeguarding of information under our control. However, no information system can be 100 percent secure.
USU is not responsible for the security of information you transmit to us over networks that we do not control, including the Internet, email systems, and wireless networks. Moreover, you are responsible for protecting your username and password and for selecting strong passwords.
We retain the information we collect online no longer than as reasonably necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we collect the information and to comply with our legal obligations.
How to Contact USU
Subject to local law, you may have certain rights regarding information that we have collected and that is related to you. We encourage you to contact us to update or correct your information if it changes or if you believe that any information that we have collected about you is inaccurate.
To help us keep your personal information up-to-date or if you no longer wish to receive communications from us, please login to the USU website that collected your data and update your information. For general inquiries, please contact Utah State University for further information.
Privacy Notice Changes
USU may update this Privacy Notice as the need arises, so we encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Notice. If we make any material changes in the way we collect, use, and/or share the personal information that you have provided, we will post notice of the changes in a clear and conspicuous manner on the USU websites.
The Privacy Notice is effective as of 25 May 2018. The Privacy Notice was last modified on 24 May 2018.
For questions concerning this Privacy Notice, please contact the Data Governance Office at 435.797.2558, or email us at privacy@usu.edu.
UTAH STATE UNIVERSITY
ABOUT
ADMISSION
ACADEMICS
CAMPUS LIFE
RESEARCH
CAMPUSES
EXTENSION
USU Facebook
USU Twitter
USU YouTube
USU Instagram
USU RSS
Logan, UT 84322
(435) 797-1000
APPLY to USU
Plan your VISIT
Make a GIFT
Find a JOB
CONTACT us
EDUCATION
Find a Degree
Colleges & Schools
Academic Departments
Academic Calendar
Graduate School
University Catalog
Online Classes
Library
Statewide Campuses
QUICK LINKS
Directory
Events Calendar
IT Service Desk
INFORMATION
Quick Facts
History & Traditions
Recreation & Wellness
Arts & Culture
© Utah State University
Privacy
Safety
Accessibility
Non-discrimination
Website Feedback