http://www.natesdawgs.com/privacy.php
NatesDawgs.com
How 'bout dem Dawgs!
Bama (Natl Champ)
L, 23-261/8
Home
Blawg
Football
Recruiting
History & Legends
Multimedia
Links
About & Connect
About NatesDawgs
Contact Nate
Email Alerts
RSS Feed
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2005
January
December
July
January
December
November
October
September
August
July
June
May
April
November
September
August
April
March
February
January
December
November
October
September
August
July
June
May
April
March
February
January
December
November
October
September
Murray: To Stay or To Go
New Site Design
DawgNight 2012
Munson Tribute Page
Prospect Evaluation: Sheldon Dawson
The Coaching Carousel
The Foltz Five (In-depth subjects with surface results):
Prospect Evaluation: Jordan Jenkins
Larry Munson - Legend
2012 Depth Chart Preview
Georgia in the BCS Title Game!
Prospect Evaluation: Josh Harvey-Clemons
2010 Flashbacks From Bronco Beatdown
Prospect Evaluation: Jonathan Taylor
If I Were The Commish...
2011 Will Go As The Defense Goes
When Football Crosses Into Real Life
Return To Elite For The Defense?
'Georgia Way' Not Quite So Ealey
Sometimes Life Truly Isn't Fair
Theft's Impact To Recruiting
2012 Recruiting
Reaction, Knee-Jerk Or Not
Ten Reasons Georgia will beat Auburn
Georgia is defined by the Governor's Cup?
Hmmm...
NatesDawgs.com Top 10 - Week 2
Making sense of the senseless
2010 Game-by-Game Prediction
NatesDawgs.com Top 10 - Preseason
Catching Up
AJ for Heisman?
The UGA All-Decade Single Season Team
Shaping Up the 2010 Class
Someone Please Talk Me Off The Ledge
Defensive Speculation
How will the 2010 class finish?
Getting Defensive
What would an Auburn win mean?
Does one game validate our season?
To beat LSU, Georgia must...
I just don't get it
Calvin or AJ
Emptying Joe's Thoughts
Injury Report Makes Saturday Scary
One in a million? So, you're saying there's still a chance?
2009 Predictions: Which Freshmen will play?
2009 Predictions: Most Important Game
2009 Predictions: Final Record
2009 Predictions: Oklahoma State
Five takeaways from the game I'm hoping to takeback during the season
Fearless Prediction
South Carolina Reaction
Arkansas Thoughts
Is Logan Gray the Next Blake Barnes?
Is the defense defenseless?
Position Review: CB
Go Ahead, Count 'Em out!
2009 Predictions: Breakout Offensive Star
2009 Predictions: Breakout Defensive Star
2009 Predictions: Rookie of the Year
2009 Predictions: Offensive Leaders
2009 Predictions: Defensive Leaders
2009 Predictions: Most Likely All-American
2000's All-Decade team
Preseason Expectations
Shades of Gray
2010 Recruiting
Suspensions
Okie State Prediction
G-Day Reaction
2009 Depth Chart
All Time Favorite Dawgs
2009 Offensive Line
What Orson Means to Me
Random Thoughts for Spring
Position Review: DL
10 Reasons 2009 might be better than 2008
Rating the 2005 Recruits
A Long December and There's Reason to Believe
2009 Outlook
What, Pete Carroll's not perfect?
UGA Hoops
Fans Just Don't Understand
Capital Punishment Bowl
2008 Top Dawgs
To Go, Or Not To Go
New Site Design
Who wants extra "Hate?"
Recruiting Wish List
Battle Tested
Hurricane Katrina and the genious of Mark Richt
Highs not too high, lows not too low
Top Ten
UGA report card
In The Polls
Roster
Schedule
Statistics
Prospects
Signees
Scholarship Roster
Award Winners
Championships
Head Coaches
Larry Munson
All Americans
All SEC
National Awards
Audio Clips
Quotes
Screensaver
Videos
Athens
Athens Exchange
Athens Weather
AthFest
Ben Epps Airport
Downtown Athens
Flagpole
Georgia Theatre
Online Athens
The 40 Watt
The Classic Center
Visit Athens
Football Rankings
Anderson & Hester
AP
Billingsley
CFN
CFP
Colley
ESPN Power
Massey
PlayOff
Sagarin
SI Power
USA Today
Wolfe
UGA (non sports)
Computer Science Dept.
Georgia Museum of Art
Mathematics Dept.
The Red & Black
UGA Official Site
UGA on Wikipedia
UGA Blogs
A Bulldog in Exile
Bernie`s Dawg Blawg
Bubba N Earl
Bulldawg Illustrated
Dawg Stephen Blog
Georgia Sports Blog
Get The Picture
UGA Sports
College Football News
Dawg Bone
Dawg Post
Dawg Sports
DawgNation (AJC)
Dawgs 247
Dawn of the Dawg
GATA News Net
Georgia Dogs
Macon Bulldogs Blog
Sic Em Dawgs
UGA at ESPN
UGA at Rivals
UGA at SI
Privacy Policy
NatesDawgs.com knows that you care about how your personal information is used and shared, and we take your privacy very seriously. Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy. By visiting our website, you are accepting the practices outlined in this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy covers NatesDawgs.com's treatment of personal information that NatesDawgs.com gathers when you are on any of the NatesDawgs.com websites and when you use NatesDawgs.com services. This policy does not apply to the practices of third parties that NatesDawgs.com does not own or control.
Information Collected by NatesDawgs.com: We only collect personal information that is relevant to the purpose of our website. This information allows us to provide you with a customized and efficient experience. We do not process this information in a way that is incompatible with this objective. We collect the following types of information from our NatesDawgs.com users:
1. Information You Provide to Us: We receive and store any information you enter on our website or provide to us in any other way. You can choose not to provide us with certain information, but then you may not be able to take advantage of many of our special features.
2. Automatic Information: We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. NatesDawgs.com automatically receive and record certain "traffic data" on their server logs from your browser including your IP address, NatesDawgs.com cookie information, and the page you requested. NatesDawgs.com uses this traffic data to help diagnose problems with its servers, analyze trends and administer the website.
NatesDawgs.com may collect and, on any page, display the total counts that page has been viewed. Many companies offer programs that help you to visit websites anonymously. While NatesDawgs.com will not be able to provide you with a personalized experience if we cannot recognize you, we want you to be aware that these programs are available.
E-mail Communications: NatesDawgs.com is very concerned about your privacy and we will never provide your email address to a third party without your explicit permission, as detailed in the "Sharing Your Information" section below. NatesDawgs.com may send out e-mails with NatesDawgs.com-related news, products, offers, surveys or promotions.
Cookies: Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and tell us how and when pages in our website are visited and by how many people.
The "help" portion of the toolbar on the majority of browsers will direct you on how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to command the browser to tell you when you receive a new cookie, or how to fully disable cookies. We recommend that you leave the cookies activated because cookies allow you to use some of NatesDawgs.com's coolest features.
NatesDawgs.com's advertising partners may place a cookie on your browser that makes it possible to collect anonymous non-personally identifiable information that ad delivery systems use to present more relevant ads.
Sharing Your Information: Rest assured that we neither rent nor sell your personal information to anyone and that we will share your personal information only as described below:
NatesDawgs.com Personnel: NatesDawgs.com personnel and authorized consultants and/or contractors may have access to user information if necessary in the normal course of NatesDawgs.com's business.
Business Transfers: In some cases, we may choose to buy or sell assets. In these types of transactions, user information is typically one of the business assets that is transferred. Moreover, if NatesDawgs.com, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred.
Protection of NatesDawgs.com and Others: We may release personal information when we believe in good faith that release is necessary to comply with a law; to enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other policies; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of NatesDawgs.com, our employees, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
With Your Consent: Except as noted above, we will contact you when your personal information is shared with third parties or used for a purpose incompatible with the purpose(s) for which it was originally collected, and you will be able to opt out to prevent the sharing of this information.
Children Under 18 Years of Age: We recommend that minors under the age of 18 ask and receive their parents' permission before using NatesDawgs.com or sending information about themselves or anyone else over the Internet.
Changes to this Privacy Policy: NatesDawgs.com may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time, at its sole discretion. Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used. If we make changes to the Privacy Policy, we will notify you by posting an announcement on NatesDawgs.com so you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances if any, it is disclosed.
Conditions of Use: If you decide to visit NatesDawgs.com, your visit and any possible dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of Georgia state law.
Effective Date of this Privacy Policy: This Privacy Policy is effective as of 10/31/2012 and last updated 10/31/2012.
NatesDawgs's Privacy Policy
|
NatesDawgs's Disclaimer
NatesDawgs.com is a University of Georgia fan web site and is in no way affiliated with the University of Georgia, the SEC, or its Properties or Organizations.This site is for informational and entertainment purposes only. NatesDawgs.com is not an official web site for the University of Georgia.
Login