http://www.ukbungee.co.uk/content/18/privacy-policy
UK Bungee Club
Book a jump!
Redeem A Voucher
Charity Jumps
Corporate Events
Film/TV
Stretch
About Us
Book a Jump
Buy a Voucher
Redeem a Voucher
Charity Bungee Jumps
Film & TV Work
International Work
Corporate Events
Merchandise
Contact Us
Weather Forecast
Join our Event Crew
Latest News
Safety Information
FAQs
Useful Documents
Bookmark us
Follow us on Twitter
Bungee Videos on YouTube
View our Flickr Gallery
Join our Facebook group
Join our Google+ group
Privacy Policy
Privacy policy
Introduction
1.1     We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors; in this policy we explain how we will treat your personal information.
1.2     This policy applies where we are acting as a data controller with respect to the personal data of our website visitors and service users; in other words, where we determine the purposes and means of the processing of that personal data.
2          Credit
2.1     This document was created using a template from SEQ Legal (https://seqlegal.com).
3          How we use your personal data
3.1     In this Section 3 we have set out:
(a)          the general categories of personal data that we may process;
(b)          in the case of personal data that we did not obtain directly from you, the source and
specific categories of that data;
(c)          the purposes for which we may process personal data; and
(d)          the legal bases of the processing.
3.2     We may process data about your use of our website and services ("usage data"). The usage data may include your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths, as well as information about the timing, frequency and pattern of your service use. The source of the usage data is our analytics tracking system. This usage data may be processed for the purposes of analysing the use of the website and services. The legal basis for this processing is consent OR our legitimate interests, namely monitoring and improving our website and services.
4          Providing your personal data to others
4.1     We may disclose your personal data to our insurers and/or professional advisers insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, obtaining professional advice, or the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
4.2     Financial transactions relating to our website and services are handled by our payment services providers, https://www.barclaycard.co.uk/business. We will share transaction data with our payment services providers only to the extent necessary for the purposes of processing your payments, refunding such payments and dealing with complaints and queries relating to such payments and refunds. You can find information about the payment services providers' privacy policies and practices at https://www.barclaycard.co.uk/business/privacy-and-cookie-policy.
5          International transfers of your personal data
5.1     In this Section 5, we provide information about the circumstances in which your personal data may be transferred to countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA).
5.2     You acknowledge that personal data that you submit for publication through our website or services may be available, via the internet, around the world. We cannot prevent the use (or misuse) of such personal data by others.
6          Retaining and deleting personal data
6.1     This Section 6 sets out our data retention policies and procedure, which are designed to help ensure that we comply with our legal obligations in relation to the retention and deletion of personal data.
6.2     Personal data that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.
6.3     We will retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
6.4     In some cases it is not possible for us to specify in advance the periods for which your personal data will be retained.  To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data we consider:
(a)          the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal data;
(b)          the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of;
(c)          your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data, and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means; and
(d)          the applicable legal requirements
6.5     Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section 6, we may retain your personal data where such retention is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
6.6     In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
To request correction to your data please contact us using this form..
7          Amendments
7.1     We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website.
7.2     You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes to this policy.
7.3     We may notify you of significant changes to this policy by email.
8          Your Rights
8.1     In this Section 8, we have summarised the rights that you have under data protection law. Some of the rights are complex, and not all of the details have been included in our summaries. Accordingly, you should read the relevant laws and guidance from the regulatory authorities for a full explanation of these rights.
8.2     Your principal rights under data protection law are:
(a)   the right to access;
(b)   the right to rectification;
(c)    the right to erasure;
(d)   the right to restrict processing;
(e)   the right to data portability;
(f)     the right to complain to a supervisory authority; and
(g)   the right to withdraw consent.
8.3     You have the right to confirmation as to whether or not we process your personal data and, where we do, access to the personal data, together with certain additional information. That additional information includes details of the purposes of the processing, the categories of personal data concerned and the recipients of the personal data. Providing the rights and freedoms of others are not affected, we will supply to you a copy of your personal data. The first copy will be provided free of charge, but additional copies may be subject to a reasonable fee.
8.4     You have the right to have any inaccurate personal data about you rectified and, taking into account the purposes of the processing, to have any incomplete personal data about you completed.
8.5     In some circumstances you have the right to the erasure of your personal data without undue delay. Those circumstances include: the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed; you withdraw consent to consent-based processing; you object to the processing under certain rules of applicable data protection law; the processing is for direct marketing purposes; and the personal data have been unlawfully processed. However, there are exclusions of the right to erasure. The general exclusions include where processing is necessary: for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information; for compliance with a legal obligation; or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
8.6     In some circumstances you have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data. Those circumstances are: you contest the accuracy of the personal data; processing is unlawful but you oppose erasure; we no longer need the personal data for the purposes of our processing, but you require personal data for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; and you have objected to processing, pending the verification of that objection. Where processing has been restricted on this basis, we may continue to store your personal data. However, we will only otherwise process it: with your consent; for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person; or for reasons of important public interest.
8.7     You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation, but only to the extent that the legal basis for the processing is that the processing is necessary for: the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of any official authority vested in us; or the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party. If you make such an objection, we will cease to process the personal information unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing is for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
8.8     To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal data is:
(a)            consent; or
(b)            that the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are party or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract, and such processing is carried out by automated means, you have the right to receive your personal data from us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. However, this right does not apply where it would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
8.9     If you consider that our processing of your personal information infringes data protection laws, you have a legal right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority responsible for data protection. You may do so in the EU member state of your habitual residence, your place of work or the place of the alleged infringement.
8.10   To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal information is consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. Withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of processing before the withdrawal.
8.11   You may exercise any of your rights in relation to your personal data by written notice to us, in addition to the other methods specified in this Section 8.
9          About Cookies
9.1     A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
9.2     Cookies may be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
9.3     Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
10       Cookies that we use
10.1  We use cookies for the following purposes:
(a)            authentication - we use cookies to identify you when you visit our website and as you navigate our website (cookies used for this purpose are: session cookies);
(b)            security - we use cookies as an element of the security measures used to protect user accounts, including preventing fraudulent use of login credentials, and to protect our website and services generally (cookies used for this purpose are: permanent cookies);
(c)             advertising - we use cookies to help us to display advertisements that will be relevant to you (cookies used for this purpose are: session cookies); and
(d)            analysis - we use cookies to help us to analyse the use and performance of our website and services (cookies used for this purpose are: third party cookies)
11       Cookies used by our service providers
11.1   Our service providers use cookies and those cookies may be stored on your computer when you visit.
11.2   We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of our website. Google Analytics gathers information about website use by means of cookies. The information gathered relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of our website. Google's privacy policy is available at: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/. The relevant cookies are: http cookies.
12       Managing Cookies
12.1  Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies. The methods for doing so vary from browser to browser, and from version to version. You can however obtain up-to-date information about blocking and deleting cookies via these links:
(a) https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en (Chrome);
(b)            https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences (Firefox);
(c) http://www.opera.com/help/tutorials/security/cookies/ (Opera);
(d)    https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies (Internet Explorer);
(e)   https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411 (Safari); and
(f)
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-10-microsoft-edge-and-privacy (Edge).
12.2   Blocking all cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.
12.3   If you block cookies, you will not be able to use all the features on our website.
13       Our details
13.1  This website is owned and operated by UKBC Limited.
13.2  We are registered in England and Wales under registration number 10181872 and our registered office is at Marland House, 13 Huddersfield Road, Barnsley, South Yorkshire, S70 2LW.
13.3   Our principal place of business is at 68 West Street, Worsbrough, Barnsley, S70 5DJ.
13.4   You can contact us:
(a)             by post, to the postal address given above;
(b)             using our website contact form;
(c)              by telephone, on the contact number published on our website from time to time; or
(d)             by email, using the email address published on our website from time to time.
14       Data protection officer
14.1   We are registered as a data controller with the UK Information Commissioner's Office.
14.2  Our data protection registration number is ZA299796.
Credit: Policy Created by SEQ Legal LLP
This template legal document
was produced and published by SEQ Legal LLP.
The current version of our
terms and conditions is available at: https://seqlegal.com/our-terms-and-conditions
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Built by DCODA Digital
© UK Bungee Club 2020 - All rights reserved worldwide | Bookings 0845 319 5767
To continue to use this service, EU and ICO rules now require your acceptance of our 'cookies' which, as for all modern online services, are used for the proper functioning, activity data and ongoing developments of this service, in accordance with the Terms of Use. Cookies are set and your continued use is deemed as acceptance (required for each domain used by this service).
(Note: you may remove the cookies at any time with your browser settings, but if you choose to do so this service may not function properly and you should discontinue your use of it.)