http://www.panthers.co.uk/office/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
The Nottingham Panthers Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally Identifiable Information' (PII) is being used by The Nottingham Panthers Ice Hockey Club. PII, is described as information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle Personally Identifiable Information.
When/how do we collect information and how is this stored?
We collect information in a variety of ways:
1) Via the Newsletter sign-up on the Newsletter page (located in the off-ice section) of www.panthers.co.uk. First name, surname and e-mail addresses are collected on submission of voluntary sign-up and stored securely on mailchimp.com
2) Via opt-in of a social media competition. First name, surname (or more likely company name) and e-mail addresses (and possibly telephone number) stored on mailchimp.com
We do not collect information from visitors to our website.
We collect your first name, surname and email address in order to:
Send periodic e-mails regarding tickets
To send a regular newsletter (only to those subscribed)
To advertise and promote future games and club events, this includes offers of products or packages for sale such as jersey sales and fan experience packages
We agree to the following:
• Not to use false or misleading subjects or email addresses
• Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way
• Honour opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly
• Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email
How do we protect your information?
We use a well-established secure site in mailchimp.com, where a secure login is required to store and access data
We do not use vulnerability scanning and/or scanning to PCI standards
We do not use an SSL certificate on www.panthers.co.uk (we do not need an SSL because we do not sell anything via our website)
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when it's release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property or safety.
www.panthers.co.uk
Do we use 'cookies'?
We do not use cookies for tracking purposes on our website
Third-party links
We do not include or offer third-party products or services on our website
Google
We have not enabled Google AdSense on our site
We agree to the following
Users can visit our site anonymously
Does our site allow third-party behavioural tracking?
We do not allow third-party behavioural tracking
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify you via email
• Within 7 business days
Use of photographs online
In order to help make our PR and social media engaging for our fans, The Nottingham Panthers have been making increased use of photographs from our games.
Whilst we make every effort to ensure that all photos used are appropriate for purpose and the people in them look their very best, we are aware that some individuals may wish for their picture not to be appear online.
We would like to kindly remind fans that if you purchase a ticket to a Panthers game, given the amount of photographs taken, there is every chance you will appear in the crowd.
If there is a picture used in Panthers PR which you would like removed, please email info@panthers.co.uk and we will have the photo taken offline as soon as possible.
Contacting Us
You can change your personal information:
• By emailing us: info@panthers.co.uk
• By calling us: 0115 941 3103
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
Email: info@panthers.co.uk
Office Address:The Nottingham Panthers Ice Hockey Club,
3 Malin Hill,
Nottingham ,
NG1 1JQ
England
Phone Number: 0115 941 3103
Website: www.panthers.co.uk
Radio Buzz!
with Xynomix
Tue 8 Dec
Kowalski: I said absolutely nothing, I swear on my life
Your browser does not support the audio element.
Close
More radio clips >
Panthers TV
Check out the latest news, views and moves on Panthers TV
Wed 9 Dec
Full Game: Panthers @ Giants | 15/11/17
More videos >
Don't miss this...
with Blue Print