http://www.fai.ie/domestic/fai-data-policies
Skip to main content
FAI Data Policies
FAI Data Policies
Please find downloadable Legal & Privacy documents at the bottom of this page.
Privacy Policy
Data collected on the basis of consent
We use cookies on our websites to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits.
Upon your request and expression of consent, we collect the following data for the purpose of providing services to you. Your data is not used for any other purposes or shared with third parties. It is removed upon your withdrawal of consent or your request to terminate theses services.
Data collected on the basis of legitimate interest
Based on our legitimate interests, we collect the following data for the purpose of running this website. Your data is not used for any other purposes or shared with third parties. It is removed upon your request.
Statistics
Our websites use a minimal build of Google Analytics, a service which transmits website traffic data to Google servers in the United States and allows us to notice trends to improve the user experience on our website. This minimal build processes personal data such as: the unique User ID set by Google Analytics, the date and time, the title of the page being viewed, the URL of the page being viewed, the URL of the page that was viewed prior to the current page, the screen resolution, the time in local timezone, the files that were clicked on and downloaded, the links clicked on to an outside domain, the type of device, and the country, region, and city.
You may opt out of this tracking at any time by activating the “Do Not Track” setting in your browser.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on our Websites may include embedded content (e.g. videos, charts, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor had visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Your rights pertaining your data
If you have submited web-forms on our websites, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we rectify or erase any personal data we hold about you. Please send your request to our:
Legal Manager: datamanager@fai.ie
• The right to withdraw consent
• The right of access
• The right to erasure
• The right to rectification
• The right to data portability
• The right to object
• Notification of data breaches
• The right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority
Cookie Policy
About this cookie policy
This Cookie Policy explains what cookies are and how we use them. You should read this policy to understand what cookies are, how we use them, the types of cookies we use i.e, the information we collect using cookies and how that information is used and how to control the cookie preferences.
You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our websites.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files that are used to store small pieces of information. The cookies are stored on your device when the website is loaded on your browser. These cookies help us make the website function properly, make the website more secure, provide better user experience, and understand how the website performs and to analyze what works and where it needs improvement.
How do we use cookies?
As most of the online services, our website uses cookies first-party and third-party cookies for a number of purposes. The first-party cookies are mostly necessary for the website to function the right way, and they do not collect any of your personally identifiable data.
The third-party cookies used on our websites are used mainly for understanding how the website performs, how you interact with our website, keeping our services secure, providing advertisements that are relevant to you, and all in all providing you with a better and improved user experience and help speed up your future interactions with our website.
What types of cookies do we use?
Essential: Some cookies are essential for you to be able to experience the full functionality of our sites. They allow us to maintain user sessions and prevent any security threats. They do not collect or store any personal information. For example, these cookies allow you to log-in to your account and add products to your basket and checkout securely.
Statistics: These cookies store information like the number of visitors to the website, the number of unique visitors, which pages of the website have been visited, the source of the visit etc. These data help us understand and analyze how well the website performs and where it needs improvement.
Marketing: Websites displays advertisements(We don't use these cookies). These cookies are used to personalize the advertisements that we show to you so that they are meaningful to you. These cookies also help to keep track of the efficiency of these ad campaigns.
The information stored in these cookies may also be used by the third-party ad providers to show you ads on other websites on the browser as well.
Functional: These are the cookies that help certain non-essential functionalities on our website. These functionalities include embedding content like videos or sharing contents on the website on social media platforms.
Preferences: These cookies help us store your settings and browsing preferences like language preferences so that you have a better and efficient experience on future visits to the website.
Downloadable Versions:
Documents
FAI Data Protection Policy.pdf (159.52 KB)
FAI Privacy Statement .pdf (189.24 KB)
FAI Terms of Website Use .pdf (147.32 KB)
FAI Cookies Policy.pdf (61.81 KB)
Access Request Policy.pdf (93.1 KB)
FAI Aviva Soccer Sisters Camps 2019 Terms and Conditions V1.docx (17.66 KB)
Book a course!
All Coach Education, Referee Education and Child Welfare courses can now be booked online!
Book a Course
Follow the FAI
Subscribe
Features
Home JerseyAvailable Now