http://www.bucksfootball.co.uk/join/training-to-help/
Club Coach
Berks and Bucks F.A. list Partners’ and County FA coaching Courses here. For booking details click to get details off the Berks and Bucks FA website.
Emergency aid
All clubs should have a qualified Emergency aid person present at each SBMSC match in case of injury. Some Mums and Dads may have Emergency Aid certification but if not, courses are run by First aiders, including St Johns Ambulance, Red Cross, The Berks and Bucks FA, Aylesbury Vale District Council, Wycombe District Council and others.
Club Welfare Officer Workshops
All clubs with teams that play in SBMSC must have an appointed Club Welfare Officer who must have attended a Club Welfare Officer Workshop. Berks & Bucks Football Association sometimes run courses at various venues around the Berks & Bucks area. However in order to attend this workshop, candidates must first have completed the Safeguarding Children Workshop.
Refereeing.
To referee a SBMSC (South Bucks MiniSoccer Conference) match it is not necessary to have attended a referees course. To become formally qualified as a referee, there are sometimes courses at convenient venues and dates in Buckinghamshire. For these courses the minimum age is 14 years of age.
Whether or not you have a qualified referee, SBMSC requires each club to provide a game leader to referee the fixtures. Refereeing should be low key, allowing players to be responsible for their own conduct and decisions as far as practicable. At this young age group assistant referees (linesmen) are not necessary as it is felt to be beneficial for the players to be responsible for their own line calls. The game leader is responsible, together with the team managers, for the conduct of parents as well as players.
Parents should read the SBMSC code of conduct, variations of which have been adopted by many of our member clubs over the years. It is the team managers job to ensure they follow it at all times. The aim of these games is to take pressure off the players and allow the young players to enjoy and learn from the matches. Clubs whose parents persistently fail to follow the code of conduct will be disciplined. Parents should stand back from the sidelines to allow clear play up to the edges of the pitch, in line with the SBMSC pitch guidelines.
For U12 teams thinking of moving to 11 a side next season, Berks and Bucks F.A. website referee section describes the structure of refereeing the 11 a side game in the county.
QR code for Track and TraceGet a QR code for display at your home ground. Visitors can scan the QR code on arrival using their NHS COVID-19 app.
News
Fixtures postponed until after 2nd December
7 November 2020
Minute silence before match this Sunday
16 October 2020
FA Guidelines for return of outdoor grassroots football
9 September 2020
New season starts 13th September
15 August 2020
2nd wave club funding – apply by 19th July
3 July 2020
Thousands of boys and girls from nearly 250 teams play friendly football fixtures in age groups Under 7 to Under 12.
About
History
Code Of Conduct
FAQ
Privacy policy
Mini Soccer fixtures
Fixture calendar
Fixture format
Setting up a fixture
Bad weather guidelines
Pitch preparation
Fairplay tables
History
Rules
Join
New club enquiry
Training to help
Contact
Add Link
Tournaments
Links
© 1999 to 2020 Contents of this website are copyright South Bucks Mini Soccer Conference, Thinkable Cloud Ltd or respective owners where indicated. Site founded 1999.
We assume you're okay with our Privacy Policy and Cookies if you continue to use our site.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookie Policy & Terms
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.