http://www.lanetalk.com/site/privacy_policy.htm
Lanetalk - Privacy
Policy
Last updated: May 24, 2018
Effective date: May 25, 2018
This Privacy Policy ("the
Policy") applies to services provided by Lanetalk AB
("Lanetalk"), a limited liability company incorporated in Sweden.
Within the scope of the Policy, the following terms refer to the company
responsible for your personal information (the "Data Controller"):
"Lanetalk", "we", "us" and "our". And
the following terms refer to any visitor of the website or user of the
application: "customer", "user", "visitor",
"you", “your”.
The services covered by this
Policy ("the Services") include our website, accessible at
http://www.lanetalk.com, and the mobile application called “Lanetalk Bowling”,
available on the App Store and Google Play.
Lanetalk is the controller of
any data gathered in the process of offering the Services and we are committed
to protecting your personal data. The principles outlined in this Policy apply
to all of our dealings with you and by using the Services offered by Lanetalk,
you indicate that you accept the Policy.
1.
WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
1.1.  Automatically collected
information
When you use our Services,
certain information is collected automatically. This information is in general
non-personal and cannot be used to identify you and is collected when you visit
our website or use our application, even when you are not logged into a
Lanetalk account.
The information includes, but is
not limited to, your geographic location (based on your IP address or mobile
device's GPS), usage information (such as the content you view, which
advertisements you click on, time spent using the Service), log data (access
dates and times, pages viewed before and after reaching Lanetalk), device
information (hardware and software specifications, such as which device and
browser is used to access the website or application). Personal identifiers may
or may not be included in this information, for example your e-mail address may
be included in the URL of the website you arrive from.
Our Services use cookies, mobile
identifiers and analytical software which track your behaviour when using our
Services. This allows us to facilitate access to our Services, for example
checking whether you are already logged in to the application. You may disable
the use of cookies through your web browser settings, however, in that case we
cannot guarantee that the website is fully functional and of the same quality.
The information collected
automatically about your device and usage of the Services allows us to match
the Service to your specific device (for example, optimise the website for a
smaller screen). Additionally, monitoring user behaviour and analysing the data
gives us valuable information for system development so that we can improve and
optimise our Services, for example prepare for server traffic loads to avoid
any service interruptions.
In case any non-personal
automatically collected information is combined with your personal information,
it is treated as personal information for as long as it remains linked.
1.2.  Information you provide
When you create a Lanetalk
account, we require certain personal information about you such as your first
name, last name, date of birth, and your dominant hand. This information is
necessary to process your registration and the log-in process and to gain
access to our mobile application.
By inserting your birthdate and
agreeing to the Policy when prompted in the application, you verify that you
are of age (older than 16 years) and do not need parental consent to use our
Services. Lanetalk does not offer access to the mobile application to children
under 16 years of age. We require you to specify your dominant hand in order to
provide accurate statistics about your bowling results.
Additionally, you have the
option to provide us with more information to complete your profile, such as
selecting your gender and country and uploading a profile picture. Note that
this information is not strictly required to use our Services and by providing
it you implicitly give your consent for us to process that information as long
as it is recorded on your profile.
When you use Lanetalk's
application for bowling, the game information (including your player name, pin
combinations, the bowling centre and the time of the game) will be linked to
your account based on the bowling lane and player name you select at the
bowling centre where you are playing. When communicating with other users
through the application or with Lanetalk, we collect the information about the
communication and any information you provide.
1.3.  Information received from third
parties
We may obtain some of your
personal information through third party services. For example, when you create
your Lanetalk account using Facebook Connect, we receive the necessary data for
processing your registration or log-in. We do not control or supervise how
third parties collect and process the information that is forwarded to us.
2.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
The information we collect is
needed to provide our Services. You hereby agree that that your personal
information may be processed for the following purposes:
-       user management
(registering and log-in process), either directly or through a third party
service provider
-       monitoring your usage
of the Services in order to optimise and improve the Services
-       system development
and network security
-       statistical analysis
-       marketing activities
-       customer
communications, including customer service, communication of important
notifications related to the Service and occasional customer surveys
The processing may involve
profiling to personalise and customise your user experience. For example, to
find bowling centres near you based on your location data. All processing is
undertaken given our legitimate interest in offering our Services, promoting
products or services that may be of interest to you, improving our Services,
and furthering the sport of bowling.
In case we undertake direct
marketing, you always have the choice to opt out by clicking on the unsubscribe
link within the e-mail or changing the communications preferences in the
profile settings. If you have problems with unsubscribing, please contact us at
info@lanetalk.com.
3.
SHARING AND TRANSFERRING YOUR INFORMATION
Your hereby give your consent
for your personal information to be shared with other users of the application,
who can search for and view your profile that includes your personal
information. If you do not wish us to share this information with other users,
you are able to make your profile private and non-searchable in the profile
settings.
Lanetalk is the only data
processor that has access to your personal information. We do not share your
information with any third party data processors and have no affiliated Group
companies. Even though Lanetalk offers its Services to customers worldwide, we
are registered and based in Sweden - all of our data processing takes place in
Sweden and is subject to the applicable data protection laws. Currently, we
have no intention to transfer your information across borders neither within the
EEA nor to any jurisdiction outside the EEA.
4.
MANAGING YOUR INFORMATION
You can always view and update
the information you have provided in the account settings (edit profile). If
you have connected your Lanetalk account with a third party application, you
can remove the permission for Lanetalk app through the third party's account
settings. You are responsible for making sure that your personal information is
up-to-date and accurate.
You have the following rights
with respect to your personal information:
-       request an overview
of what personal information we have collected about you
-       request us to
transfer your personal information to a third party on your behalf, where
technically feasible
-       request us to correct
any inaccurate information related to you that you are not able to correct in
the account settings
-       withdraw your consent
to process your personal information by closing your account or requesting us
to delete any personal data about you and close your account for you
Please note that once your
account is closed, it is non-recoverable, even if you open another account with
the same e-mail or via a third party service. Once the connection between your
personal information and the bowling results is removed, you lose all bowling
results and statistics (such as the high score) linked to your account.
You may contact us at
info@lanetalk.com to exercise any of the rights listed above. Please note that
we may ask you to verify your identity before complying with your request.
5.
RETENTION PERIOD
We retain your personal
information as long as it is necessary for providing our services, at least for
the period of the validity of your user account.
Information that you share with
other user within the application may remain visible in anonymised form even
after your account is closed. Additionally, we retain some of your information
(e.g. your bowling results, log records) but keep it in an anonymous form such
that it can no longer be associated with your personal information. When
deleted, residual copies of your personal information may remain in our backup
system for a short amount of time until the backup is overwritten; this is
necessary to protect our systems from malicious or accidental destruction of
information.
6.
LINKS TO THIRD PARTIES
Our Services may contain links
to third party websites and services. We are not responsible for the content of
those third party sites and do not endorse them. We encourage you to consult
the privacy policies of the other websites.
7.
SECURITY
We are committed to having up to
date and state of the art security measures and internal processes in place to
protect your information from loss and unauthorised access. These measures are
in line with respective data protection regulations and include for example
encryption, pseudonymisation, firewalls, restricted servers, frequent backups
and strict access controls. By using our Services, you agree not to hold us
responsible for possible data breaches unless we have been grossly negligent or
directly involved in wilful misconduct.
If you suspect that information
related to you (such as your account credentials) has been misappropriated or
accessed without authorisation, please contact us at info@lanetalk.com so we
can investigate and take appropriate steps to protect your personal information
from any potential misuse.
8.
BUSINESS TRANSITIONS
It may happen that Lanetalk goes
through a business transition in the future. If such an event - like sale of a
portion of our assets, a merger, or an acquisition by another company - takes
place, the personal information of our users shall in general be part of the
assets transferred to the new controlling company who will henceforth have
access to your personal information. The processing by the new controller shall
remain in compliance with this Privacy Policy.
9.
COMPLAINTS
In case you have any complaints
about our information processing activities, you have the right to file a
complaint with a competent Supervisory Authority, in Sweden that organization
is the Swedish Data Protection Authority (Datainspektionen).
10.
CHANGES TO THE POLICY
We reserve the right to modify
the Policy from time to time. In case any changes are made, we will update this
document and notify our registered users by e-mail at least 30 days before the
changes become effective. If you disagree with the revised Policy, you may
delete your personal account. If you do not cancel your account and you
continue to use the Services after the revised Policy becomes effective, you
indicate that you accept the revised Policy.
11.
CONTACT US
You may contact us at
info@lanetalk.com in case you have questions or complaints about the Policy or
its implementation.