http://www.phoenixquestcenter.com/privacy-policy/
Home
About Us
Programs
Gracie Bullyproof®
Teen’s Jiu-Jitsu
Gracie Jiu Jitsu
Parents Night Out
Blog
Contact
Request Information
Close
VIEW OUR WEB SPECIAL &
ACCESS OUR SCHEDULE
Secure your spot & get started today with our FREE EXCLUSIVE online offer!
Select a Program*
Gracie Bullyproof®
Teen’s Jiu-Jitsu
Gracie Jiu Jitsu
By opting into the web form above you are providing consent for Gracie Jiu-Jitsu Chandler to send you periodic text messages. Standard rates may apply. You can reply HELP at anytime or learn more. You may opt-out anytime by replying STOP.
Kimberly DeArmond
via Google
This place is great if you want to learn practical Brazilian JiuJitsu. Mike is an awesome coach that is very knowledgeable. Great place to train at!
Cole Sullivan
via Google
If you're looking for a place to train for real life scenarios, this is the place to go. Would definitely recommend to anyone who wants to learn how to effectively and efficiently defend themselves. Extremely knowledgeable instructors break each technique down and works with every student. This is an all inclusive program that works for anyone. The atmosphere here is very friendly to all walks of life, and people from every profession train here, including game designers, construction, law enforcement, nurses, business owners, etc. While the techniques and fundamentals here can be used in competition, that's not the focus of the training at the start, but is taught once you've shown mastery of the fundamental techniques. So if your intent is training for mma or other competitions, I'd recommend calling ahead and speaking with Michael. Overall, i have loved every second training here.
Daniel Nunez
via Google
This place is great! My son has learned so much in such a short amount of time! It’s their attention to detail and knowledge that makes this training outstanding. My son’s confidence has increased as quickly as his skill. His skillful ability to protect himself from larger opponents, both in size and height, is a credit to the training at Gracie Jiu-Jitsu in Chandler. In addition, I would strongly recommend this type of detailed training to young ladies as the mean to protect themselves from would be attackers.
Celeste Molina
via Google
Our kids can't get enough. I like how families are welcome to stay and watch. Staff is amazing. High energy. And helpful. Ashley is the best. Its cool how they put together events that celebrate their achievements. And you can tell they enjoy what they do for our kiddos!
Charu Fnu
via Google
I started taking my son to this place since it was on Groupon. So my expectations were not too high nor I knew what I was trying to get out of it. The orientation given by Ashley helped me understand Martial arts and it’s need. The first few classes led by Matt and Ashley were so phenomenal that I enrolled by son permanently. I have been so happy about my decision on this. My son loves taking these classes. I have seen a huge change in my 6 year old confidence and endurance. The classes also tries to make families part of the learning and goes beyond just Martial arts since it talks about Ninja core values like self discipline, Focus and Respect etc which are critical to anyone’s life. I would encourage anyone at any age group to take a class with Matt and Ashley and I can bet that you are going to love it and learn from it.
Ian Keith
via Google
Our son has loved training here for the past several months. The black belts who lead the beginners classes are knowledgeable and professional, and they're also great with kids.
The training program is designed to address not only physical fitness and self-defense, but also aspects of character, such as good manners and citizenship.
Everyone at QMA is enthusiastic, courteous, and helpful, and we've found the experience of working with them to be a very positive influence on our 10-year-old.
Highly recommended!
Jen Moore
recommends Gracie Jiu-Jitsu Chandler
via Facebook ·
Great place for kids to train! Our family loves the environment for both jujitsu and toshindo!
Nic Tillman
recommends Gracie Jiu-Jitsu Chandler
via Facebook ·
Great experience for kids to learn so much more than just a martial art! Confidence, respect, discipline, patience, the list goes on and on. I highly recommend Quest Martial Arts for any family!
Jen Cummins Lynch
recommends Gracie Jiu-Jitsu Chandler
via Facebook ·
My son and husband have been training at QMAC for years and love it. The instructors are amazing and truly care about each child's success, both on and off the mats. They learn life skills as well as martial arts, and they have a lot of fun!
Gerry Faide
recommends Gracie Jiu-Jitsu Chandler
via Facebook ·
Great atmosphere, good workout. The JiuJitsu has been great but the people at Phoenix Quest have been even greater!
Benjamin Thaddeus Swank
recommends Gracie Jiu-Jitsu Chandler
via Facebook ·
I've been going for two years. I've tried several different martial arts schools. I feel like this one has practical self defense, a welcoming and family oriented atmosphere and high quality training for a very realistic price.
I always feel welcome.
Matthew Entoshi Smith
recommends Gracie Jiu-Jitsu Chandler
via Facebook ·
I have been training in To Shin Do since 2003, and I couldn't be happier. This art has brought a substantial amount of confidence to me in my daily life, and I couldn't be happier. I am able to use this art on a daily basis with the situational awareness it has shown me in addition to being able to read body language of people I interact with. I can't help but express how much of a positive impact this has had on my life. I couldn't be happier calling the Quest Martial Arts Chandler my home away from home.
Maryann Lasch
recommends Gracie Jiu-Jitsu Chandler
via Facebook ·
Awesome people and great environment. My daughter said "best summer experienced ever!".
More power and God bless.
Rob Madera
recommends Gracie Jiu-Jitsu Chandler
via Facebook ·
I have been coming to the PQC for a little over 2 yrs now. And this is by far the best Martial arts class i have ever attended, From the first day I walked in the door i was learning real techniques i could use. I didn't have to go home and practice Kata patterns over & over again. I learned real techniques that i could use right away! I didn't have to wait months to finally learn something. So i signed up both of my kids right away and they love it. They say that they feel like thay can really defend themselves and have more confidence. Thank you again for everything PQC!
Sherman Dorn
recommends Gracie Jiu-Jitsu Chandler
via Facebook ·
Quest Martial Arts Chandler is a supportive environment for learning realistic self-defense. I have trained there for more than two years, after training in a dojo in Florida for eight, and seeing family members train with varying degrees of effectiveness in four styles of martial arts over more than 50 years of collective experience.
Without a doubt, I can assure fellow students that the training is practical, geared to all ages, positive and supportive, and responsive to individual needs. We do not spar for competition; we learn effective techniques that will not be hampered by having trained for artificial rules that attackers will never follow. (This is not to say that sparring is bad; it's just not training for street attacks.)
The staff at Quest Martial Arts are skilled at both techniques and in teaching in a positive manner. Under their teaching, I have seen adolescent girls grow in assertiveness and adults of all physical conditions improve their abilities and confidence.
Mark Jory
recommends Gracie Jiu-Jitsu Chandler
via Facebook ·
The Gracie classes are great, the instructor is nice, and the students are the best training partners. I feel welcome every time I come in.
Request information today to learn more about our programs! Get Started Now
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: Dec 2020
This Privacy Statement applies to graciejiujitsuchandler.com owned and operated by Gracie Jiu-Jitsu Chandler. This Privacy Statement describes how we collect and use the information, which may include personal data, you provide on our website: graciejiujitsuchandler.com. It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal data and how you can access and update this data.
Data Collection
The types of personal data that we collect include:
Your first name, last name, email address, phone number, and home address;
Credit card details (type of card, credit card number, name on card, expiration date, and security code);
Student data, including class dates, clothing sizes, gender identification, special requests made, observations about your service preferences;
Data you provide regarding your marketing preferences or in the course of participating in surveys, contests, or promotional offers;
You may always choose what personal data (if any) you want to provide to us. However, if you choose not to provide certain details, some of your transactions with us may be impacted.
Data We Collect Automatically
When using our website, we also collect information automatically, some of which may be personal data. This includes data such as language settings, IP address, location, device settings, device OS, log information, time of usage, URL requested, status report, user agent (information about the browser version), operating system, result (viewer), browsing history, user Booking ID, and type of data viewed. We may also collect data automatically through cookies. For information on how we use cookies, click here.
Processing Purposes
We use your personal data for the following purposes:
Reservations: We use your personal data to complete and administer your online request.
Customer Service: We use your personal data to provide customer service.
Guest Reviews: We may use your contact data to invite you by email to write a visitor review after your visit. This can help other visitors to pick the courses that suits them best. If you submit a guest review, your review may be published on our website.
Marketing Activities: We also use your data for marketing activities, as permitted by law. Where we use your personal data for direct marketing purposes (e.g. commercial newsletters and marketing communications on new products and services or other offers we think may be of interest to you), we include an unsubscribe link that you can use if you do not want us to send messages in the future.
Other Communications: There may be other times when we contact you by email, mail, phone, or texting, depending on the contact data you share with us. There could be a number of reasons for this:
We may need to respond to and handle requests you've made.
Analytics, Improvements, and Research: We use personal data to conduct research and analysis. We may involve a third party to do this on our behalf. We may share or disclose the results of such research (including to third-parties) in anonymous, aggregated form. We use your personal data for analytical purposes to improve our services, enhance the user experience, and improve the functionality and quality of our online fitness services.
Security, Fraud Detection, and Prevention: We use the information, which may include personal data, in order to prevent fraud and other illegal or infringing activities. We also use this information to investigate and detect fraud. We can use personal data for risk assessment and security purposes, including the authentication of users. For these purposes, personal data may be shared with third parties, such as law enforcement authorities as permitted by applicable law and external advisers.
Legal and Compliance: In certain cases, we need to use the information provided, which may include personal data, to handle and resolve legal disputes or complaints, for regulatory investigations and compliance, or to enforce agreement(s), or to comply with lawful requests from law enforcement insofar as it is required by law. If we use automated means to process personal data which produces legal effects or significantly affects you, we will implement suitable measures to safeguard your rights and freedoms, including the right to obtain human intervention.
Legal Bases
In view of purposes A and B, we rely on the performance of a contract: The use of your data may be necessary to perform the contract that you have with us. For example, if you use our services to make an online request, we will use your data to carry out our obligation to complete and administer that request under the contract that we have with you.
In view of purposes C - H, we rely on its legitimate interests: We use your data for our legitimate interests, such as providing you with the best appropriate content for the website, emails, and newsletters to improve and promote our products, services, and the content on our website, as well as for administrative, fraud detection, and legal purposes. When using personal data to serve our legitimate interests, we will always balance your rights and interests in the protection of your information against our rights and interests.
In respect of purpose H, we also rely, where applicable, on our obligation to comply with applicable law.
Where needed under applicable law, we will obtain your consent prior to processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes.
If needed in accordance with applicable law, we will ask for your consent. You can withdraw your consent anytime by contacting us at any of the addresses at the end of this Privacy Statement.
If you want to object to the processing set out under C-F and there's no opt-out mechanism available to you directly (e.g. in your account settings), to the extent applicable, please contact .
Data Sharing
MarketMuscles.com: We've teamed up with MarketMuscles, LLC. (www.marketmuscles.com) (hereafter MarketMuscles) to offer you our online request services. While we provide the content to this website and you make a request directly with us, the requests are processed through MarketMuscles.com. The information you enter into this website will therefore also be shared with MarketMuscles.com and its affiliates. This information may include personal data including your name, your contact details, your payment details, the names of students, and any preferences you specified when making a request.
To find out more about the MarketMuscles.com corporate family, visit About MarketMuscles.com.
MarketMuscles.com will send you a confirmation email, and assist us with further communications. Sharing your details with MarketMuscles.com’s global customer service staff allows them to respond when you need assistance. MarketMuscles.com may use your data for technical, analytical, and marketing purposes as further described in the MarketMuscles.com Privacy Policy. This includes that your data might also be shared with other members of the MarketMuscles, LLC. group of companies for analysis to provide you with fitness-related offers that may be of interest to you and to offer you customized service. If you have questions about the processing of your personal data by MarketMuscles.com, contact info@marketmuscles.com.
MarketMuscles: Your personal data might be shared with MarketMuscles, LLC., the company which operates this website and the website marketmuscles.com.
Third-party service providers: We use service providers to process your personal data strictly on our behalf. This processing would be for purposes as included in this Privacy Statement, such as facilitating request payments, sending out marketing material, or for analytical support services. These service providers are bound by confidentiality clauses and are not allowed to use your personal data for their own purposes or any other purpose.
Competent authorities: We disclose personal data to law enforcement and other governmental authorities insofar as it is required by law or is strictly necessary for the prevention, detection or prosecution of criminal acts and fraud.
International Data Transfers
The transmission of personal data as described in this Privacy Statement may include overseas transfers of personal data to countries whose data protection laws are not as comprehensive as those of the countries within the European Union. Where required by European law, we shall only transfer personal data to recipients offering an adequate level of data protection. In these situations, we make contractual arrangements to ensure that your personal data is still protected in line with European standards. You can ask us to see a copy of these clauses using the contact details below.
Security
MarketMuscles observes reasonable procedures to prevent unauthorized access to, and the misuse of information, including personal data. We use appropriate business systems and procedures to protect and safeguard information including personal data. We also use security procedures, technical, and physical restrictions for accessing and using the personal data on our servers. Only authorized personnel are permitted to access personal data in the course of their work.
Data Retention
We will retain your information, which may include personal data, for as long as we deem it necessary to provide services to you, comply with applicable laws, resolve disputes with any parties, and otherwise as necessary to allow us to conduct our business, including to detect and prevent fraud or other illegal activities. All personal data we retain will be subject to this Privacy Statement. If you have a question about a specific retention period for certain types of personal data we process about you, contact us using the contact details included below.
Your Choices and Rights
We want you to be in control of how your personal data is used by us. You can do this in the following ways:
You can ask us for a copy of the personal data we hold about you;
You can inform us of any changes to your personal data, or you can ask us to correct any of the personal data we hold about you;
In certain situations, you can ask us to erase, block, or restrict the processing of the personal data we hold about you, or object to particular ways in which we are using your personal data; and
In certain situations, you can also ask us to send the personal data you've given us to a third party.
Where we are using your personal data on the basis of your consent, you are entitled to withdraw that consent at any time subject to applicable law. Moreover, where we process your personal data based on legitimate interest or the public interest, you have the right to object at any time to that use of your personal data, subject to applicable law.
We rely on you to ensure that your personal data is complete, accurate, and current. Be sure to inform us as soon as possible regarding any changes to or inaccuracies in your personal data by contacting
. We will handle your request in accordance with the applicable law.
Questions or Complaints
If you have questions or concerns about our processing of your personal data, or if you want to exercise any of the rights you have under this notice, you are welcome to contact us at
. You may also contact your local data protection authority with questions and complaints.
Changes to the Notice
Just as our business changes constantly, this Privacy Statement may also change for time to time. If you want to see changes made to this Privacy Statement from time to time, we invite you to access this Privacy Statement to see the changes. If we make material changes or changes that will have an impact on you (e.g. when we start processing your personal data for purpose other than those set out above), we will contact you prior to starting that processing.