http://www.nauntondowns.co.uk/privacy-policy/
INTRODUCTION
This privacy policy sets out how we use and protect any information that you give to us when you are a member of the club, a golf society organiser, a visiting golfer or a visitor to our website.
We are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. In regard to your data, Naunton Downs Golf Club Ltd and Naunton Downs Membership Ltd manage the customer data and are fully compliant with General
Data Protection Regulations (GDPR). Your privacy is of the highest importance to us, and we will never release your personal details to any third party other than Club Systems Ltd and HowDidiDo (our software suppliers) without your express consent. All information is held on secure servers. Naunton Downs Golf Club Ltd complies fully with all applicable Data Protection and consumer regulations and will treat all your personal information as confidential.
WHAT WE COLLECT
We collect information about you when you join our golf club, organise a golf society, play as a visitor or voluntarily sign up to receive our newsletter from our website. We collect only the information required from you to be able to fulfil our contractual obligations which includes being able to contact you to send you a membership subscription renewal notice, AGM notices, to administrate competitions at the club, and send you other club related notices. We will only collect and store the following information:
Name and surname
Postal address
Telephone number
Email address
Gender
Handicap ability
Customer status (member or non-member)
WHAT WE DO WITH THE INFORMATION WE GATHER
We use the information collected to allow us to fulfil our contractual obligations to you as a member which will include contacting you by post, telephone, email or phone notifications. In order to fulfil our contractual obligations, to you as a member, we share your information with external and internal data processors (ClubV1, howdidido) but you personal data is administered internally by the clubs Data Controller who adheres to the Golf Club’s internal data protection policies and procedures.
CUSTOMER CONTACT POLICY
We would also like to be able to correspond with you regarding our activities including events and competitions by way of post, telephone, email and SMS. We don’t share your data with external marketing companies who would contact you this way. If you have consented to this correspondence you can opt out at any time.
INDIVIDUALS RIGHTS
You have the right to request a copy of the information we hold about you. If you would like a copy of this information please email us on admin@nauntondowns.co.uk or write to the data controller at the club. We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. You may ask us to correct or erase information that you think is inaccurate. At the time of collecting data you have the right to object to the club holding certain information about you.
REMOVING YOUR DETAILS
When you are no longer a member of the club, we will retain your information for a period of 12 months and at that point all of your information will be deleted from our systems.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
We keep our privacy policy under regular review and will place any updates on our website and the members hub. This privacy policy was last updated on 5th May 2018.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you need any further information please either email us on admin@nauntondowns.co.uk or write to us at Naunton Downs Golf Club Limited, Naunton, Cheltenham, Glos, GL54 3AE
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thanks