https://www.motionanalysis.com/privacy-policy/
Industries
Animation
Movement Analysis
Broadcast
Industrial
Technology
Motion Capture Systems
Cortex
BaSix Go
Hardware
Company
About us
Distributors
Get in touch
Support
Resources
Blog
Case Studies
Videos
Start today
Motion Analysis Inc. (“Motion Analysis,” “we” or “us,”) has created the following Privacy and Security Policy (“Privacy Policy”) to inform you, as a customer or user of our website, of how we collect, use, protect, and share information relating to you, your computer, or your device that identifies you or from which you can be identified (“Personally Identifiable Information” or “PII”).
This Privacy Policy only addresses information that is either collected directly through or from any website and/or mobile application that links to this Privacy Policy (collectively, the “Site”) or that is about our customers â€“ it does not address or govern any information-gathering, use, or dissemination practices related to information collected from you other than directly through or from the Site if you are not a customer of Motion Analysis.
This Privacy Policy is issued on behalf of Motion Analysis, Inc. as controller of your Personally Identifiable Information under applicable data protection laws. A “controller” is the person or organization who alone or jointly determines the purposes for which, and the manner in which, any Personally Identifiable Information is, or is likely to be, processed.
When we collect personally identifiable information
We collect PII when:
You purchase, return or exchange product or request information about our products and services from our website (https://www.Motion Analysis.com) or through our Site
You communicate with us via email, telephone, mobile messaging service, or on social media platforms
You use one of our social media services, for example, our “LinkedIn” page
You sign up for e-mails, mobile messages, or social media notifications from us
You enter a contest or sweepstakes, respond to one of our surveys, or participate in a focus group
You provide us with comments, suggestions, or other input
You interact with our Site through your computer, tablet or mobile device
You voluntarily give us your contact information at a trade show
For online purchases, we may use a third-party payment service that specializes in processing credit/debit card transactions and protecting PII. We may also use a third-party service to enable functionality of our live chat / offline messaging feature. If you decide to purchase a product through our website or contact us using the live chat / offline messaging feature, your PII may also be collected by the respective third-party companies.
Please see the section entitled How We Share the Personally Identifiable Information We Collect for more information about these services.
What personally identifiable information do we collect
We collect Personally Identifiable Information that you knowingly choose to submit to us in order to benefit from specified features on our Site or to participate in certain activities, such as information that you knowingly provide when you contact us through the “Contact Us” portion of the Site or when you apply for a job through the Site. For example, we may collect any of the following types of Personally Identifiable Information:
Your name
Your billing and delivery address
Your e-mail address
Your telephone (or mobile) number
Your fax number
Your credit/debit card number
Information on your product requests and how you are using the product
Your purchase/return/exchange information
If you are applying for a job, your resume, your employment history, your education and training, and any work restrictions
Your password when you register for an account
We also use certain technologies to passively collect information about you or your device, meaning it is gathered without your actively providing it. Please see the section below entitled “Passively Collected” for more information regarding these technologies and the information they collect.
How we use the personally identifiable information we collect
We may use your PII in one or more of the following ways:
1) Product and Service Contract Fulfillment
Fulfill and manage purchases, orders, payments, returns/exchanges, or requests for information, or to otherwise serve you
Provide any requested services
Administer sweepstakes and contests
Send you administrative information including changes to our terms, conditions, and policies
2) Legal Obligation and Compliance
For legitimate business purposes, such as fraud monitoring and prevention, export control, identity checks, audits, or security alerts in connection with your Motion Analysis account
Assist law enforcement including, but not limited to, responding to subpoenas
3) Internal Operations
Improve the effectiveness of our website, mobile experience, and marketing efforts
Identify website usage trends or effectiveness of marketing campaigns
Conduct research and analysis, including focus groups and surveys
Evaluate your application for employment and contact you regarding the same
Perform other business activities as needed, or as described elsewhere in this policy
4) Direct Marketing Purposes
Deliver newsletters, receipt messages, e-mails, and mobile messages
Send marketing communications and other information regarding products, services and promotions
Administer promotions
We may use any information that does not personally identify you, your computer, or your device, for any purpose.
How we protect the personally identifiable information we collect
Security Methods
We maintain technical, administrative, physical, electronic and procedural safeguards designed to protect the confidentiality and security of PII transmitted to us. To guard this information, our Site uses Secure Sockets Layer (SSL). SSL encrypts your information so only we or the appropriate payment processor are able to decode the information.
E-mail Security
Please note that e-mail is not encrypted and is not considered to be a secure means of transmitting credit card information. “Phishing” is a scam designed to steal your information. We will never request your password, credit card information or other Personally Identifiable Information through e-mail. If you receive an e-mail that looks like it is from us asking you for this information, do not respond.
How we share the personally identifiable information we collect
General Policy
We do not sell or rent customer information to third parties. However, we may share information with third parties only under the limited circumstances outlined below.
Legal Requirements
We may disclose information you provide to us when we believe disclosure is appropriate to comply with the law, to enforce or apply applicable terms and conditions and other agreements, or to protect the rights, property or safety of our company, our customers and/or others.
When You Direct Us
Only at your direction or request, we may use your Personally Identifiable Information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting.
Service Providers
We may share your Personally Identifiable Information with the companies or individuals that we hire to provide services to us, such as website hosting services.
Business Transfers
If some or all of our business assets are sold or transferred, we generally would transfer the corresponding information regarding our customers. We also may retain a copy of that customer information.
Passively collected information
As you navigate the Site, certain Personally Identifiable Information may be passively collected, meaning it is gathered without your actively providing it. This is done using the following techniques in the following ways:
IP Addresses
IP Addresses: An IP address is a unique identifier that certain electronic devices use to identify and communicate with each other on the Internet. When you visit our Site, we may view the IP address of the device you use to connect to the Internet. We use this information to determine the general physical location of the device and understand from what geographic regions our website visitors come. We also may use this information to enhance our Site.
Through your browser
Through your browser: Certain information is collected by most browsers, such as your Media Access Control (MAC) address, computer type and operating system type and version screen resolution, and Internet browser type and version.
Social Media Widgets
Social Media Widgets. Our Site may include social media tools, including social media widgets or plug-ins, to connect you to our social media accounts. These features may set a cookie or use other automatic collection and tracking technologies to collect information about you and your use of the social media features through and in connection with our Site. These social media tools may be hosted by a third party. Your interactions with these tools and the corresponding social media platforms are governed by the privacy policies of the companies that provide such platforms.
Cookies
Cookies: Our website uses a variety of cookies for the purposes of website function, web analytics, and marketing. Cookies are small text files that are sent by websites to your web browser and stored there. In some cases, the stored data is anonymized, so that we can track browsing trends without being able to identify you.
Cookie settings
Depending on their function, cookies used by our website can fall into one of the following categories:
Strictly Necessary / Functional Cookies
Strictly necessary and/or functional cookies are needed for our website to function properly. We use these to store information, such as text input or configuration options, as you navigate through the pages on our website. The majority of strictly necessary and functional cookies used by the Site are internal; however, third-party functional cookies are sent to your browser when you send a message using the live chat / offline messaging feature. If strictly necessary or functional cookies are disabled, then website functionality cannot be guaranteed.
Analytics Cookies
Analytics cookies are third-party cookies that allow us to track website usage trends and use that information to improve both website performance and user experience. The third-party service we use is Google Analytics, a web analysis service from Google Inc., headquartered at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States (“Google”). The cookie stored on your browser transmits information about your use of our website to a Google server in the United States. However, since IP anonymization has been activated on this website, the information stored is completely anonymized and cannot be used to track you as an individual. These are persistent cookies that can last for up to two years. You can visit https://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html to learn more about Google Analytics’ use of cookies.
Marketing Cookies
We also use third-party cookies for marketing purposes. The third-party service we use is the remarketing feature through Google Adwords, an advertising service provided by Google, Inc. Google stores cookies related to the use of this website in your browser. Once you navigate to another website that also employs the remarketing feature, these cookies will be used to display personalized advertisements related to the content you viewed on this website. The data collected about you for remarketing purposes may include the content you view, when you view the content, and the location information associated with your IP address, but we do not use this data to identify who you are. Please view the What Choices Do You Have section of this Privacy Policy below to learn how you can clear cookies and how you can opt-out of Google personalized ads and install a browser plugin to maintain your opt-out preference.
What choices do you have
Promotional E-mail
If you do not wish to receive promotional e-mails from us, click here or log in and go to your Motion Analysis account and edit your Newsletter preferences. You also have the ability to unsubscribe to promotional e-mails via the opt-out link included in each e-mail. It may take up to 10 business days before you stop receiving promotional e-mails once you opt out. Additionally, whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used for direct marketing purposes.
Important Notices and Transactional E-mail
From time to time, we may send non-commercial electronic email messages with important information about us or our website to your email address. We regularly send email order confirmations, email order updates, and “leave a review” emails to you after you have submitted an order. We may also send out emails notifying you if our privacy policy, terms, or conditions have changed. You have the option to delete your account if you no longer wish to receive these emails.
Account Deletion
If you so choose, you have the option to completely delete your account from our website by clicking the ‘Delete Account’ button in your account settings. If you have previously submitted an order through our online store, the order information will remain but your PII will no longer be attached to it. If you would like us to delete your PII from our records but you don’t have an https://Motion Analysis.com website account, please contact us at info@motionanalysis.com and we will be happy to assist you.
Strictly Necessary / Functional Cookies
The ‘help’ function of your browser should contain instructions to set your computer to accept all cookies, to notify you when a cookie is issued, or to not receive cookies at any time. You may visit http://www.aboutcookies.org where you can review information on how to control cookies on a variety of browsers. You will also find details of how to delete cookies from your computer and other general information about cookies. If you set your computer to not receive cookies at any time, certain personalized services on our website cannot be provided to you, and accordingly, you may not be able to take full advantage of all of the site features. By using this website, your consent to strictly necessary and/or functional cookies is implied.
Third-Party Analytics Cookies
Although third-party analytics cookies are anonymized and cannot be used to identify you as an individual, you still have the option to opt-out either by changing your cookie settings on this website. In addition, you have the option of installing a plugin that prevents Google from collecting and processing analytics data from your browser. To download and install this plugin, please follow this link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.
Third-Party Marketing Cookies
You have the option to opt-out of the use of third party marketing cookies at any time by changing your cookie settings or by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative website, click here: http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/. You also have the option to deactivate the remarketing feature by changing your Google settings: https://adssettings.google.com and you can maintain your opt-out preference using the Google browser add-on found here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/.
Do Not Track Signals
Our Site currently does not respond to “Do Not Track” (DNT) signals and we operate as described in this Privacy Statement whether or not a DNT signal is received, as there is no consistent industry standard for compliance.
Lawful bases for processing your personally identifiable information
The laws in some countries require us to tell you about the lawful grounds we rely on to collect, use, disclose, and otherwise process your Personally Identifiable Information. To the extent those laws apply, our lawful bases for processing your Personally Identifiable Information are:
i. To enter into and perform a contract with you
We may process Personally Identifiable Information to meet our contractual obligations to you, or to take steps in anticipation of entering into a contract. For example, we process Personally Identifiable Information on this basis to process any purchases you make.
ii. To comply with a legal obligation
We need to use and disclose Personally Identifiable Information in certain ways to comply with our legal obligations. For example, we may collect certain Personally Identifiable Information to ensure the security of our Site complies with applicable laws.
iii. For our legitimate interests, where those interests are not overridden by your fundamental rights and freedoms:
In many cases, we handle Personally Identifiable Information because it furthers our legitimate business. This includes:
Providing a safe user experience on our Site;
Customer service;
Sending communications to you to let you know about the information you have told us is important to you;
Protecting users, our workers, and our property;
Analyzing and improving our operations (e.g., optimizing the design and operation of our Site); and
Managing legal issues.
iv. With your consent.
Where permitted by law, we handle Personally Identifiable Information on the basis of your implied or express consent. For example, where required by law, we only process Personally Identifiable Information using cookies for remarketing purposes with your consent.
Where your information is processed
Motion Analysis is based in the United States. No matter where you are located, you consent to the processing and transfer of your Personally Identifiable Information in and to the United States and other countries. The laws of the United States and other countries governing data protection may not be as comprehensive or as protective as the laws in the country where you live.
Policy regarding minors
The Site is not intended for persons under the age of 18. We do not knowingly collect Personally Identifiable Information online from persons in this age group. We reserve the right to delete any information identified as having been provided by such persons at our discretion.
Privacy policy scope
This Privacy Policy applies to all current or former customer information collected by or provided to us.
You may have visited our website through a link or a banner advertisement on another website. In such cases, the website you linked from may collect information from people who click on the banner or link. You must refer to the privacy policies on those websites to see how they collect and use this information.
Privacy policy revisions
By accessing our website or interacting with us, you consent to our use of information that is collected or submitted as described in this Privacy Policy. We may change or add to this privacy policy, so we encourage you to review it periodically.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites, and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Your data rights
The laws in some countries may give you particular rights with respect to your Personally Identifiable Information, including the right to access the Personally Identifiable Information that we maintain, and the right to object to certain processing of Personally Identifiable Information by Motion Analysis. If you would like to submit a data access, correction, restriction, or deletion request, or if you would like to object to certain processing, you can do so by contacting us by email at info@motionanalysis.com and we will process such request with respect to any Personally Identifiable Information that we are able to link to you individually based on the information that you can provide to us. These rights and options that you have with respect to Personally Identifiable Information are subject to limitations and exceptions under applicable law. In addition to those rights, if you live in certain jurisdictions, you have the right to submit a complaint to your relevant supervisory authority. However, we encourage you to contact us first by emailing info@motionanalysis.com and we will try to resolve your concerns. In addition, you may opt-out of receiving direct marketing communications or from the use of certain cookie-related processing as described in the section above titled “What Choices Do You Have.”
Retention period
We will store your PII for as long as required by any applicable legal statutes or obligations. PII will not be stored longer than required by the original purpose of collection.
Contact us
Please feel free to contact us if you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Statement or our information practices. You may contact us as follows:
Address:
6085 State Farm Drive
Rohnert Park, CA 94928
USA
Phone:
1-707-579-6500
Email:
info@motionanalysis.com