http://www.sidecarcross.be/privacy-policy
contact
pronostiek
foto's
videos
kalender
amateur
BK
WK
home
WK zijspancross 2021 voorlopige kalender.
In 2020 was er helemaal géén wereldkampioenschap zijspancross , en niemand weet momenteel  hoe het leven er in 2021 zal uitzien.  In  afwachting publiceerde promotor WSC alvast toch maar een   voorlopige weds...WK zijspancross 2021 voorlopige kalender.
In 2020 was er helemaal géén wereldkampioenschap zijspancross , en niemand weet momenteel  hoe het leven er in 2021 zal uitzien.  In  afwachting publiceerde promotor WSC alvast toch maar een   voorlopige weds...E. Bollhalder en K. Busser : Wereldkampioen nummer drie !
2020 ,het had zo’n mooi jubileumjaar moeten worden voor de zijspancross-sport . Veertig jaar wereldkampioenschap zijspancross  !  Men was er in Rudersberg (D) al lang mee bezig om eind september ,t.g.v.de WK-finale aldaar,  de...E. Bollhalder en K. Busser : Wereldkampioen nummer drie !
2020 ,het had zo’n mooi jubileumjaar moeten worden voor de zijspancross-sport . Veertig jaar wereldkampioenschap zijspancross  !  Men was er in Rudersberg (D) al lang mee bezig om eind september ,t.g.v.de WK-finale aldaar,  de...Samuel Haller verliest strijd tegen kanker.
1980 -2020 ,veertig jaar wereldkampioenschap zijspancross .  Het had een groot glorieus zijspancrossjaar moeten worden  .  .  .  De realiteit is echter geheel anders, en het lijkt er zelfs op dat 2020 een waar tragediejaar...
WERELDKAMPIOENSCHAP
Na 14 van 14 wedstrijden1. Bax - Stupelis604pt2. Vanluchene - Van den Bogaart548pt3. Hermans - Musset448pt4. Brown - Chamberlain421pt5. Dierckens - Bax406ptVolledige tussenstand >>
BELGISCHKAMPIOENSCHAP
Na 3 van 3 wedstrijden1. M. Vanluchene - B. v d Bogaart177pt2. G. Van der Schraelen - J. van Gennip 140pt3. S. Huysentruyt - F. Wittebolle 132pt4. A. Dierckens - R. Bax ----- - -----111pt5. S. Van Calster - N. Vanhamel104ptVolledige tussenstand >>
EUROPEESKAMPIOENSCHAP
Na 5 van 5 wedstrijden1. Keuben - Snell782pt2. Mulders - van de Wiel721pt3. Osbaldiston - Cooper624pt4. Goeyvaerts - Martens 612pt5. Inderbitzin - Lennherr569ptVolledige tussenstand >>
Privacy Policy
Effective date: April 11, 2018
Sidecarcross ("us", "we", or "our") operates the http://www.sidecarcross.be website (the "Service").
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data. This Privacy Policy for Sidecarcross is powered by TermsFeed.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible from http://www.sidecarcross.be
Information Collection And Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
First name and last name
Birthday date
Gender
Cookies and Usage Data
Usage Data
We may also collect information how the Service is accessed and used ("Usage Data"). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.
Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
Use of Data
Sidecarcross uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain the Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer care and support
To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the Service
To monitor the usage of the Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
Transfer Of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside Belgium and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to Belgium and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Sidecarcross will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure Of Data
Legal Requirements
Sidecarcross may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of Sidecarcross
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
Security Of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13 ("Children").
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By visiting this page on our website: http://www.sidecarcross.be/privacy-policy
Terug naar homepagina
onze partners
wie is er jarig?
Frank Mulders (38) - 12/12/1982 Henk van Heek (67) - 13/12/1953 Achly Vanlerberghe (29) - 17/12/1991 Ludo Somers (54) - 18/12/1966 Boudewijn Dekort (66) - 18/12/1954 Haralds Kurpnieks (36) - 19/12/1984
de volgende
wedstrijden
Er zijn geen wedstrijden
onze gegevens
Sidecarcross Belgium
Slijpstraat 1
8650 Houthulst
www.sidecarcross.be
Contacteer Ons
© 2002-2020
nieuws & foto's
Wereld Kampioenschap
Belgisch Kampioenschap
Amateur
Videos
Foto's
volg ons elders
top
Programmatie landervs.be
Ontwerp frizbee.be
Privacy Policy