http://www.contebikes.com/articles/your-privacy-pg112.htm
Skip to main content
Shop safely with us this holiday season. Check out our enhanced services and safety protocols here.
Menu
x
Cart
Cart
Account
Account
Stores
Stores
Shop
Bikes
Bikes
Road Bikes
Mountain Bikes
Electric Bicycles
Cyclocross
Hybrid Bikes
Comfort
Cruiser
Fitness Bikes
Commuter/Urban
Kids Bikes
BMX
Other
For The Rider
For The Rider
Tops
Bottoms
Other Apparel
Helmets
Eyewear
Hydration
Body Care
Shoes
Socks
Outerwear
For The Bike
For The Bike
Car Racks
Packs/Racks/Baskets
Components
Maintenance
Lighting
Electronics
Locks/Security
Pumps/Inflation
Indoor Cycling
Safety
More
Gift Cards
Gift Cards
Indoor Cycling
Indoor Cycling
Parts & Accessories
Rollers
Smart Trainers
Conte's Protection Plan
Conte's Protection Plan
Electric
Electric
Bikes
Locations
Alexandria, VA
Arlington, VA
Boca Raton, FL
Boynton Beach, FL
Chesapeake, VA
Falls Church, VA - New Location
Fort Lauderdale, FL
Newport News, VA
Richmond, VA
Virginia Beach, VA
Washington DC - Cathedral Heights
Washington DC - Logan Circle
Washington DC - Navy Yard
Williamsburg, VA
Services
Bike Service & Repair
Bike Fitting
Ride Ready Bike Shipping
New Bike Adjustments
Bike Rental
Bike Trade-Ins
Financing
Protection Plan
Home Delivery
Concierge Service
Conte’s Bike Travel
Try Before You Buy
Custom Orbea Performance Bikes
Find Your Bike Size
Closeout Bikes
Rides & Events
About
About Conte's Bike Shop
Corporate and Government Sales
Careers
Donations & Sponsorship
Clubs & Teams We Support
Join Our Email List
Military Discount
Accessibility Statement
Bike Room Designs
Our Privacy & Security PolicyThis Privacy Policy explains how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or shop with us online. We are committed to respecting the privacy and security interests of all visitors to our website. We are the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not disclose, sell, share or rent this information to any other individual or entity except as disclosed in this statement.SecurityThis site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. All information sent to this site is protected by SSL session (https), the industry standard in protecting against disclosure to third parties.Collection and Use of Personal, Non-Personal DataWe reserve the right to log and analyze information gathered from a user’s visit to this website. This information includes personal (name, email address) and non-personal (browsing patterns, number of site logins) data as outlined below.Personal Data Collection and UsePersonal data is collected when users provide information to us. As an example, a user may request to be added to our email communications. Additionally, when a user creates a new online account on this site, personal data, including, but not limited to, name, email address, and phone number are captured. We use this information in a number of ways as part of normal business communications. Personal data may also be used to communicate marketing or promotional information that we feel may be of interest to you. As a user, you have the option to unsubscribe from marketing or promotional email communications at any time.Non-Personal Data Collection and UseNon-personal data collected include your web usage patterns when you interact with this website. We use tracking technologies to capture data that is intended to better understand how users interact with our website, measure the success of marketing campaigns, and to ensure that the user experience is optimized.Tracking TechnologiesThis website uses technologies like cookies, tags, scripts, and logs to capture details specific to your browsing patterns when you visit our website pages. We use third-party analytics packages to make sense of this data and understand how users interact with our site. None of the information collected is personally identifiable.Analytics SoftwareWe use various analytics software which all operate similarly. These applications are technology services that help us better understand your experiences on this website (e.g. how much time you spend on which pages, which links you choose to click, what you do and don’t like, etc.) and this enables us to build and maintain our service with user feedback. These services use cookies and other technologies to collect data on your behavior and your devices; in particular device IP address (captured and stored only in anonymized form), device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), preferred language used to display our website. They store this information in a pseudonymized user profile. Neither they nor we will ever use this information to identify individual users or to match it with further data on an individual user.Disclosure of User Data to Third PartiesWe do not share non-personal data, as described above, with third parties.Third-Party LinksThis website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content, security, or privacy practices of any other sites. These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk.AccountWe reserve the right, in its sole discretion and without prior notice, to discontinue user accounts and/or passwords for any reason whatsoever.Periodic UpdatesPlease check this page for periodic updates on our policies regarding any personal information you've provided to us via our website. Thank you for visiting us online. We appreciate the opportunity to serve you.For California Consumers OnlyThe California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) provides California consumers with specific rights regarding their personal information.  This Privacy Policy describes your rights under the CCPA and explains how you may exercise your rights.Effective as of January 1st, 2020