https://www.tennesseetitans.com/about-us/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: May 22, 2020
This Privacy Policy (this "Privacy Policy") applies to the Tennessee Titans' website located at www.tennesseetitans.com (the "Website"), our mobile application (the "App") and authorized online services that link to or post this Privacy Policy (collectively, the "Services"). The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to disclose to you what information we may collect, how we may collect it, with whom we may share it, and certain other matters related to such information, including the choices you have regarding our collection of information and our use and disclosure to other parties of information we may have collected from you.
Please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to information that is collected or obtained through sites or services that do not link to this Privacy Policy (including the Store and Ticketmaster pages on our Website, which are referenced and linked to our Website but are operated by independent third parties) or information that may be collected by the NFL Entities. "NFL Entities" means collectively, NFL Ventures, L.P., NFL Ventures, Inc., NFL Productions LLC, NFL Enterprises LLC, NFL Properties LLC, NFL International LLC, all of the NFL member clubs (excluding Titans), any successor or future entity that is, directly or indirectly, jointly owned and/or controlled by all or substantially all of the NFL member clubs, or owns assets that produce revenues that are required to be shared with other NFL member clubs under the NFL Constitution (including any such entity controlled by the NFL member clubs and the Titans collectively) and each and all of their respective affiliates, subsidiaries, successors and assigns.
The Services are hosted and operated in the United States. If you use the Services from outside the United States, please be aware that the information you provide to us is transmitted to, processed, and stored in the United States. Data will be collected, processed, maintained, and used subject to this Privacy Policy and applicable privacy laws in the United States. These laws may be different from the privacy laws in your country.
This Privacy Policy is binding on all those who access, visit and/or use our Services, whether acting as an individual or on behalf of an entity, including you and all persons, entities, or digital engines of any kind that harvest, crawl, index, scrape, spider, or mine digital content by an automated or manual process or otherwise. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. If you do not agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy, then do not access or use the Services. By accessing and/or using the Services, you accept and agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy, our Terms of Use, which is hereby incorporated by reference.
If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should first contact the digital media department of the Tennessee Titans at 615-565-4000 (Tennessee Titans, Saint Thomas Sports Park, 460 Great Circle Rd., Nashville, TN, 37228).
*Please read the information below to learn more about our data collection policies and practices.
_
1. Types Of Information That May Be Collected
a. Information We Collect About You
b. Information You Provide Us
2. How Information May Be Collected
3. How We Use The Information Collected
4. With Whom The Information May Be Shared
5. Chat Rooms, Forums, and Message Boards
6. Security
7. Correcting/Updating Personal Information
8. Data Retention
9. Data Protection Officer
10. Links To Other Websites
11. A Special Note For Parents Concerning Privacy
12. Your California Privacy Rights
13. Your Acceptance Of The Privacy Policy and Notification Of Changes
14. Dispute Resolution
15. Questions About This Privacy Policy
1. Types of Information That May Be Collected
The following are the types of information we may collect:
a. Information We Collect About You:
We collect information about your use of our Services, including but not limited to your Internet connections, computer equipment, web browsers, sites or services visited before using or accessing our Services, sites or services visited after leaving our Services, and other similar information about traffic and usage, as you navigate to, through, and away from our Services. This is called "Non-Personal Data" because it does not directly identify you but provides insights to us regarding your use of the Services.
As with many websites, our Services use a technology called "cookies." A cookie is a unique, random number that is stored in the browser on your computer. The cookie may not directly identify you, but rather only the device that is used to visit the Services. Cookies automatically identify your browser to the Services whenever your device accesses or visits the Services. Cookies also let us know how many people visit or use our Services and where visitors go on the Services. In addition, cookies can let us know non-personally identifiable information, like what web browser is being used to access the Services. For registered users, cookies can make using the Services easier for you by saving information such as your passwords or preferences. By tracking how and when you use the Services, cookies help us determine which areas are popular and which are not. Many improvements and updates to the Services are based on data obtained from cookies. Accepting cookies allows you, among other things, to personalize your experience on the Services. Cookies may also allow the Services to present to you advertising, which may be of interest to you. To opt-out of interest-based advertising by participating companies in the following consumer choice mechanisms, please visit:
· TrustArc's Preferences Manager (http://preferences-mgr.truste.com/)
· Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA)'s self-regulatory opt-out page (http://optout.aboutads.info/) and mobile application-based "AppChoices" download page (https://youradchoices.com/appchoices)
· European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA)'s consumer opt-out page (http://youronlinechoices.eu)
· Network Advertising Initiative (NAI)'s self-regulatory opt-out page (http://optout.networkadvertising.org/)
In the mobile environment, most mobile operating systems offer device-based opt-out choices that are transmitted to companies providing interest-based advertising. To set an opt-out preference for a mobile device identifier (such as Apple's IDFA or Android's GAID), visit the device manufacturer's current choice instructions pages, or read more about sending signals to limit ad tracking for your operating system here: http://www.networkadvertising.org/mobile-choices. Please note that these settings must be performed on each device (including each web browser on each device) for which you wish to opt-out, and if you clear your cookies or if you use a different browser or device, you will need to renew your opt-out preferences.
Please note that if you opt-out of interest-based advertising you will continue to see advertisements, but they will no longer be tailored to your interests.
Some areas of the Services, however, may not provide you with a personalized experience if you have disabled the use of cookies. Cookies on the Services are not tied to the users' personal information.
Log Data refers to certain information about how a user uses our Services. Log Data may include information such as a user's Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type, operating system, the pages or features of our Services to which a user browsed and the time spent on those pages or features, search terms, the links on our Services that a user clicked on, and other statistics.
You may choose to receive push notifications while using our Services. In order to serve push notifications, we may need to collect your IP address and a persistent identifier from your device. You may opt out of receiving push notifications by turning off push notifications at the device level.
b. Information You Provide Us: In the course of using the Services, we may ask you to provide us with certain information, including contact information, such as your name, mailing address, email address, phone number, payment information, unique identifiers, such as your user ID and user password, and demographic information, such as your date of birth, age or gender. This type of data is called "Personal Data" because it can be used to identify you. When other information, such as a favorite team or player, is associated with personal information, it also becomes Personal Data for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
Collectively in this Privacy Policy, Personal Data and Non-Personal Data is referenced as "Data."
IP Addresses: We may receive and store certain types of Internet usage information whenever you visit the Services, such as your IP address and click-stream data. An IP address is a number associated with the service through which you access the Internet, like your ISP (Internet service provider), your company, or your university. Standing alone, your IP address is not personally identifiable. At times, we also use IP addresses for purposes of system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers and sponsors, for example regarding the frequency with which our guests visit various parts of our sites. We may combine this information with Personal Data. Click-stream data is information collected by our computers when you request web pages from the Services. Click-stream data may include such information as the page served, the time, the source of the request, the type of browser making the request, the preceding page view and other such non-personal information. When analyzed, this data helps us analyze how visitors arrive at or access the Services, what type of content is most popular, what type of visitors in the aggregate are interested in particular kinds of content and advertising, and the like.
In some jurisdictions, such as the United States, an IP address may be considered Non-Personal Data. In the EEA, for example, an IP address is considered Personal Data under applicable data protection laws. If this is the case, we process Non-Personal Data for the same purposes and subject to the same protections as Personal Data under this Privacy Policy.
Payment Information: If you conduct a financial transaction with our Services, such as ordering merchandise from our online pro shop, we will ask you to complete an order form that will request certain information from you, including contact information, demographic information and financial information. We will use this information to complete the transaction that you have requested, i.e., to deliver the information, products or other services that you order, and to invoice you. For your protection, such information is collected through encrypted means. Financial transactions with our Website may be handled by a third party, as is the case with ordering merchandise from our pro shop, which is handled by MainGate, Inc.
Emails from Us: When you open emails from us, we may receive a confirmation noting you opened the email, if your computer supports such capabilities. We also may keep track of what emails we send you and what emails you may be receiving from our subsidiaries and affiliates. Additionally, we keep a record of what communications you have opted to receive or not to receive.
Geolocation Data: You may choose to allow us to access your location by granting the Services access to your location when prompted or through your device's location services settings. You may change these settings on your device. When you download the App and install it on your mobile device(s) and/or associated computing device, you acknowledge that the App will access the Global Positioning Systems ("GPS") functionality within your mobile device, and the App will subsequently share that GPS information with your associated computing device and with our cloud-based software and systems. This geolocation data collection and subsequent sharing of GPS information enables the core functionality of the App, and without receiving geolocation data from your mobile device, the App will not perform correctly.
Third-Party Social Networking Services: Additionally, if you choose to access, visit, and/or use any third-party social networking service(s) that may be integrated with our Services, we may receive your Personal Data and other information about you and your computer, mobile, or other device that you have made available to those social networking services, including information about your contacts on those services. For example, some social networking services allow you to push content from our Service to your contacts or to pull information about your contacts so you can connect with them on or through our Service. Some social networking services also will facilitate your registration for our Service, enter our contests or sweepstakes, or enhance or personalize your experience on our Service. Your decision to use a social networking service in connection with our Service is voluntary. However, you should make sure you are comfortable with the information your third-party social networking services may make available to our Service by visiting those services' privacy policies and/or modifying your privacy settings directly with those services.
2. How Information May Be Collected
We may collect information from you in several different areas in connection with the Services, including but not limited to those described below:
Registration: You may be asked to complete a registration form and provide Personal Data; you may also be asked to choose a user ID and password in order to take advantage of certain features the Services may choose to offer, such as newsletters or contests, fan voting, season ticket waiting list forms, donation request forms, or merchandise catalog requests. Participation in registration is voluntary and you will have the opportunity to decide whether or not to disclose information to the Services.
Newsletters and Emails: We offer free newsletters to share information with you about the Services, about us and our affiliates and subsidiaries, or about our marketing partners and advertisers and sponsors. You may receive a newsletter either by registering for a particular newsletter or in conjunction with a special feature or membership for which you have registered on the Website. Participation is voluntary and you will have the opportunity to decide whether or not to disclose information to the Services. You may also cancel your free email subscription by following the instructions provided on the Services or in the newsletter or email by clicking here.
Tell-A-Friend: If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our site, we will ask you for your friend's name and email address. We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site. Tennessee Football, Inc. stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and tracking the success of our referral program.
Your friend may contact us at digitalmedia@titans.nfl.com to request that we remove this information from our database.
Contests or Sweepstakes: We periodically operate contests and sweepstakes through the Services that may require registration or the submission of Personal Data. Participation is voluntary and you will have the opportunity to decide whether or not to disclose information to the Services. Your Personal Data may be used to contact you for winner notification, prize delivery confirmation or other purposes (see the rules of each contest for further details about how your personal information will be used). We may also ask your permission to allow us to publicly post some of your information on the Services or our social media accounts, such as on a winner's page, in the event you win a contest or sweepstakes. Except as required by applicable law, we will not post your information without your permission. In some instances, a third party advertiser or sponsor may operate or host a contest or sweepstakes on the Services, and collect your information. In those cases, where we are not the operator or host of the contest or sweepstakes, we do not collect your information and we have no control over the information collected from you. Accordingly, we urge you to review the advertiser's or sponsor's Privacy Policy and rules applicable to the contest or sweepstakes before participating.
Surveys or Voting: From time-to-time we may request Personal Data from you in conjunction with a survey or voting poll. Participation is voluntary and you will have the opportunity to decide whether or not to disclose information to the Services.
Games: When you play games through the Services, you may be asked to provide Personal Data.
3. How We Use the Collected Information
For Legitimate Interests. We use information collected by click-stream data collection, web pixels, and cookies to store your preferences, improve Services navigation, make personalized features and other services available to you, to generate statistical information, monitor and analyze user traffic and usage patterns, monitor and prevent fraud, investigate complaints and potential violations of our policies, to improve the our content and the products, services, materials, and other content that we describe or make available through the Services and to otherwise help administer and improve the Services.
We may identify you from your Personal Data and merge or co-mingle Personal Data and Non-Personal Data, for any lawful business purpose. Where you provide registration information, cookies can also be used to identify you when you log onto the Services or portions of the Services.
Except as otherwise stated, we may use information we collect from you for the legitimate business purpose of providing our Services to you, including, but not limited to:
· to respond to your requests and provide user support;
· to evaluate and improve the content of our Services;
· to customize the Services to your preferences;
· to establish accounts to use the Services;
· to communicate information and promotional materials to you (where you have not expressed a preference otherwise);
· to check on your account status and maintain record of activities in connection with your use of the Services;
· to notify you of any changes to relevant agreements or policies;
· for research analysis;
· to enforce our agreements, terms, conditions, and policies;
· to work with our service providers who perform certain business functions or services on our behalf and who are bound by contractual obligations consistent with this Privacy Policy;
· to prevent or investigate fraud (or for risk management purposes), or to comply with a legal obligation, court order, or in order to exercise our legal claims or to defend against legal claims;
· to conduct aggregate analysis and develop business intelligence that helps us to enhance, operate, protect, make informed decisions and report on the performances of our Services;
· to describe our Services to current and prospective business partners and to other third parties for other lawful purposes; and
· for other purposes identified to you and as requested by you.
_With the Consent of a Data Subject from the EEA; or Without Consent, if a Citizen of Any Other Jurisdiction. _If you are a "Data Subject" within the EEA, and we have obtained your consent, we may also use your information in the following ways; and, if you are a citizen of any other jurisdiction, you acknowledge that we may use your information in the following ways:
· to share your information with our corporate parents, subsidiaries, other affiliated entities, and associated entities for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy;
· to send e-mail, text messages and postal mail and/or contact you by phone in accordance with our SMS Policy [BJL1] to provide you with updates and news;
· to process any request you make;
· to process any commercial transaction, including but not limited to fulfilling an order or subscription request; and
· to process your Personal Data as described throughout this Privacy Policy.
Performance of a Contract. If you have agreed to our terms of use, or other terms of service, and you have created an account, purchased merchandise, signed up for a subscription, participated in any game through our Services, or entered into a contest or sweepstakes, we may also use your information:
· to establish your account to use the Services;
· to validate your username, e-mail, password, and/or other login credentials;
· to respond to your requests;
· to provide you with merchandise you have requested;
· to fulfill your subscription purchase(s);
· to notify you of your contest or sweepstakes results;
· to send you e-mail, text messages and/or postal mail or contact you via phone supplying you with the most recent service information or to send you information about your order (e.g., order confirmations, shipment notifications, etc.);
· to notify you of any changes to relevant agreements or policies;
· to deliver prizes you have won, subject to prize award and eligibility confirmation; and
· to process your Non-Personal Data as outlined as described throughout this Privacy Policy.
We may anonymize or aggregate Data that we collect from the use of the Services, such as de-identified demographic information, de-identified location information, information about the computer or device from which you access the Services, market trends, and other analysis that we create based on the information we receive from you and other users. If you provide Personal Data through our Services, we may aggregate that Data with other active Data, unless we specify otherwise at the point of collection.
By using our Services and providing your contact information (including email address and/or telephone number), you expressly agree to our SMS Policy and that our partners, including promotional partners, may contact you at the email address and/or phone number you provide – including through an automated system, autodialed calls/text messages and/or pre-recorded messages regardless of your status on any State or Federal Do Not Call List. I understand consent is not a condition of purchase.
4. With Whom Information May Be Shared
At times, we may share your Personal Data with others for various purposes. The following outlines the ways in which your information may be shared with others and the ways in which you may opt-out of having your Data shared:
Agents and Third-Party Providers: We employ other businesses, certain services and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include fulfilling orders, sending e-mail, removing repetitive information from customer lists, Services analysis, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. They may have access to Personal Data needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for their own purposes, like sending you marketing offers about their products.
Third-Party Offers: Throughout the Services, you may be presented with opportunities to receive special offers from third parties. By participating in these offers, you consent to allowing your Data to be shared with third parties. We cannot control the privacy practices of these other companies, however, and you should review the privacy practices of such companies prior to providing your Personal Data.
Users who sign up for information on third-party websites are submitting their information directly to a third-party, even though the pages may have the same look and feel as our official team Website. The use of your Data by an authorized third party is subject to that third party's privacy policy. Please play close attention to each third party's respective privacy policy, which pertains only to its unique site.
Opt-In / Opt-Out Offers: When you provide us with Personal Data, you may be presented with the opportunity to share your Personal Data with third parties for various purposes, such as receiving information or special offers. An opt-in/opt-out message will ask you if you would like your Data to be shared. Once the information is transferred, however, we cannot control the privacy practices of these other companies.
Contests / Sweepstakes: We periodically operate contests and sweepstakes through the Services that may require registration or the submission or collection of Personal Data. By participating in these contests and sweepstakes, which are voluntary, you consent to allowing your Data to be shared with third parties (see the rules for each contest or sweepstakes for details about how your personal information will be used). We cannot control the privacy practices of these other companies, however, and you should review the privacy practices of such companies prior to providing your Personal Data.
Other Promotional Offers: We may send offers to you on behalf of our marketing partners. When we do this, we do not give that partner your name and address. If you do not want to receive such offers, you may use the opt out method detailed in the e-mail or change your preferences by logging into your account.
Affiliates: We may share your Data with corporate affiliates, including corporate parents, subsidiaries, other affiliated entities, and associated entities for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, which are required to treat the information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Aggregate Information: We may share aggregate Data, such as demographics and Services usage statistics, with advertisers, sponsors, or other organizations. When this type of Data is shared, the other parties do not have access to your Personal Data.
Business Transfers: In the event that all or substantially all of our assets are sold or transferred to another party, or another transaction occurs in which your Personal Data is one of the business assets transferred, all Personal Data that has been collected and saved may be one of the business assets we transfer, in which case we will require the recipient to use such information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Administrative or Legal Process: Your Data may be transferred as we believe necessary: (i) under applicable law; (ii) to enforce applicable terms and conditions; (iii) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you, or others; (iv) to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues; (v) to respond to claims that contact information (e.g. name, e-mail address, etc.) of a third-party has been posted or transmitted without their consent or as a form of harassment and (vi) to respond to requests from courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies, and other public and government authorities, which may include authorities outside your country of residence;
Finally, your Data may be shared pursuant to your explicit approval prior to the disclosure.
A Note about Third-Party Tracking and Our Services: When you use the Internet, unaffiliated parties such as ad networks, web analytics companies, and social networking platforms may collect information about your online activities over time and across our and other websites. This information may be used to provide advertisements for products and services that may interest you, and those companies may use cookies, clear GIFs, and other tracking technologies. We do not track your activity across different websites or online services. It is possible we may not honor "do not track" signals transmitted by web browsers.
For more information about third-party advertisers and how to prevent them from using your information, visit the NAI's consumer website at http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices or http://www.aboutads.info/choices/. If you do want to opt out using these tools, you need to opt out separately for each of your devices and for each web browser (such as Internet Explorer, Firefox or Safari) that you use on each device.
5. Chat Rooms, Forums, and Message Boards
The Services may make chat rooms, forums and message boards available to its users. You are not required to provide any Personal Data when using these areas, but you may choose to do so. If you post Personal Data online, it will be publicly available, and you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties. We cannot ensure the security of any information you choose to make public in a chat room, forum, or message board. Also, we cannot ensure that parties who have access to such publicly available information will respect your privacy. Please exercise caution when deciding to disclose Personal Data in these areas.
6. Security
These Services incorporate reasonable safeguards to protect the security, integrity, completeness, accuracy, and privacy of the Data that we may collect, and we have put into place reasonable precautions to protect such information from loss, misuse, and alteration. Your Personal Data is transferred to our computers utilizing encryption software. Only those employees who need access to your information in order to do their jobs are allowed access. Our security policies are reviewed periodically and revised as required.
Nonetheless, it is common knowledge that transmission of information via the Internet is not wholly secure, and we cannot guarantee the security of your Personal Data, or any other information, transmitted to or through any of our Service(s). Any transmission of Personal Data, or other information, is at your own risk. By using our Service(s), you acknowledge and accept these risks. As a result, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you disclose or transmit to us or that are otherwise provided to us and we cannot be responsible for the theft, destruction, or inadvertent disclosure of information. It is your responsibility to safeguard any passwords, ID numbers, or other special access features associated with your use of the Service(s). Any transmission of information is at your own risk. By using our Service(s), you acknowledge and accept these risks.
If you have any questions about security on our Services, or if you become aware of any unauthorized use of an account, loss of your account credentials, or suspect a security breach, notify us immediately via e-mail at digitalmedia@titans.nfl.com. If our security system is breached, we will notify you of the breach only if and to the extent required under applicable law.
7. Correcting/Updating Personal Information
If your Personal Data changes (such as your email address or zip code) or if you no longer desire to access our Services, we will endeavor to provide a way to correct, update, or remove the Personal Data that you have provided to us. This can be done by emailing us at ticketoffice@titans.nfl.com. We will reply to your request within 10—20 business days. When you delete your account, it cannot be recovered.
If you reside in certain jurisdictions, such as the EEA, you may also have the following rights and options with regard to accessing, reviewing, correcting, and updating your Personal Data, as well as how we use and disclose your Personal Data:
Right to Access. We respect your right to access and control your information, and we will respond to requests for information and, where applicable, will correct, amend, or delete your Personal Data. You may choose to access or update your Personal Data as it exists in our records by logging into the account you have created for yourself in your My Titans Account. You may also choose to access your Personal Data by contacting us and requesting access, a process which shall include our identity verification procedures. Before providing data to you, we will ask for proof of identity and sufficient information about your interaction with us so that we can locate any relevant data. We may also charge you a fee for providing you with a copy of your Data (except where this is not permissible under local law).
Updating Communications Preferences (Opt-Out Policy). We do send e-mails to users with information that we believe may be of interest. Users may opt out of receiving e-mail messages by contacting us via e-mail at ticketoffice@titans.nfl.com or by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link found at the bottom of every e-mail that we send. Please note that if you opt-out of receiving marketing-related e-mails from us, we may still send you important administrative messages that are required to provide you with our Services, as applicable. If you do not opt-out using the link at the bottom of an e-mail, you will continue to receive electronic communications until you choose to click on the link that will be provided in each e-mail you receive from us.
Right to Rectify — Correction and Deletion. Citizens of some jurisdictions, including the EEA, have the right to correct or amend their Personal Data if it is inaccurate or requires updating. You may also have the right to request deletion of your Personal Data; however, this is not always possible due to legal requirements and other obligations and factors. Remember that you can update your account information by contacting us at ticketoffice@titans.nfl.com.
Right to Erasure / Be Forgotten. Data Subjects of the EEA may have the right to request that we delete your Personal Data in certain circumstances, such as if holding the Personal Data is no longer necessary or if part of your Right to Object (below).
Right to Object. Data Subjects of the EEA may have the right to object to the use of Personal Data for direct marketing uses, scientific uses, or historical research. If you do not wish to have your Personal Data shared with third parties, contact our Data Protection Officer as described at the end of this document. If you do not wish to receive future commercial messages from us, simply follow the unsubscribe instructions contained within the message you receive. (But note that you may continue to receive certain communications from us, such as transactional or relationship messages, and/or messages about your account/profile).
Right to Restrict Processing. Citizens of some jurisdictions, including the EEA, have the right to request that we stop processing their Personal Data.
Right to Data Portability. Data Subjects of the EEA have the right to request that we provide your Personal Data for the purpose of sharing it with another service provider (through a secure process).
Filing a Complaint. If you are not satisfied with how we manage your Personal Data, you have the right to make a complaint to a data protection regulator. A list of National Data Protection Authorities can be found here: http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm.
8. Data Retention
Unless otherwise described or requested by you, we will retain your Data for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
9. Data Protection Officer
Our appointed Data Protection Officer is Dan Werly, Titans General Counsel. If you have an inquiry regarding your Personal Data, pursuant to the rights listed in the preceding section (above), please email your message to ticketoffice@titans.nfl.com.
10. Links To Other Websites
You should be aware that when you are on the Services you could be directed to other websites and services beyond our control. For example, if you "click" on a banner advertisement, the "click" may take you off the Services onto a different website. This includes links from advertisers, sponsors and marketing partners that may use the Website's logo as part of a co-branding agreement. These other websites may send their own cookies to you, independently collect or solicit Personal Data and may or may not have their own published privacy policies. If you visit a website that is linked to our Services, you should consult that website's privacy policy before providing any Personal Data.
11. A Special Note For Parents Concerning Privacy
The Services are general audience websites, applications and services. We do not currently collect any Personal Data from children under the age of thirteen (13) through the Services. If in the future, we collect Personal Data from children, we will do so in compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (15 U.S.C. 6501 et seq.) including, without limitation, obtaining necessary parental consent. For more information about the privacy practices for our affiliated children's website, http://www.nflrush.com, please consult the privacy policy at the such website.
The Internet offers children wonderful educational and entertainment resources. Your guidance and involvement are essential to help ensure that children have a safe and rewarding online experience. We encourage you to visit the Direct Marketing Association's website (www.the-dma.org) and explore the Get CyberSavvy! Program, as well as the GetNetWise website (www.getnetwise.org)), to learn more about parental control tools.
12. Your California Privacy Rights
A California privacy law that went into effect on January 1, 2005, allowing California residents to obtain specific information about a business's privacy practices if it shares information with other companies for those companies' direct marketing purposes. As explained in this Privacy Policy, whenever you agree to let us collect Personal Data about you, we will always provide you with an option to prevent this information from being shared for non-administrative purposes with third parties. You can exercise this option at any time by following the steps outlined above.
If you are a California resident and you would like to make such a request, please send an email to ticketoffice@titans.nfl.com or write to us at CA Privacy Rights, 460 Great Circle Rd., Nashville, TN, 37228, ATTN: Internet Dept.
California residents may be entitled to additional rights over their personal information. For more information about those rights and how to exercise them, please see our California privacy notice here, which is incorporated by reference into this policy.
13. Your Acceptance Of The Privacy Policy And Notification Of Changes To The Policy
By using any Services, you signify your agreement to the terms of our Privacy Policy. We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time. If we make a material change to the way in which we collect, use, and/or share your Personal Data, we will post a notice on our Services and / or send an email to users who have provided an email address. We will assume that you have given your permission for your information to be used under the terms of the new privacy policy, if you do not respond to our e-mail within thirty (30) days or continue to use the Services thirty (30) days after a notice is posted. Please note that you should always update your Personal Data to provide us with a current email address.
14. Dispute Resolution
If you have an unresolved privacy or data-use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.
Third-Party Ad Serving and Audience and Traffic Measurement Services: We may use third-parties to serve advertisements on the Services. These third parties may set their own cookies or similar web technologies to collect information about users' online activities over time and across different websites. To manage your preferences, you may opt out
here http://preferences-mgr.truste.com/. The Services may feature Nielsen proprietary measurement software, which will allow users to contribute to market research, such as Nielsen TV Ratings. Nielsen believes that you should have a choice about whether to contribute to our research and insights. To opt out of Nielsen measurement, you need only to activate the "Limit Ad Tracking" (for iOS devices) or "Opt out of Ads Personalization" (for Android devices) option in your device settings. For web, please visit: http://www.nielsen.com/digitalprivacy to learn more about the Nielsen digital measurement products and your choices in regard to them.
15. Questions About This Privacy Policy
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the privacy practices of this Services, contact digitalmedia@titans.nfl.com.
Questions regarding this statement should be directed to:
Tennessee Titans
Saint Thomas Sports Park
460 Great Circle Rd.
Nashville, TN, 37228
ATTN: Privacy Policy/Director of Digital Media
Big left arrow icon
Big right arrow icon
Close icon
Copy Url
Three dots icon
Down arrow icon
Email icon
Email icon
Exit Fullscreen icon
External link icon
Facebook logo
Football icon
Facebook logo
Instagram logo
Snapchat logo
YouTube logo
TikTok logo
Spotify logo
LinkedIn logo
Grid icon
Key icon
Left arrow icon
Link icon
Location icon
Mail icon
Menu icon
Open icon
Phone icon
Play icon
Radio icon
Rewind icon
Right arrow icon
Search icon
Select icon
Selected icon
TV icon
Twitter logo
Twitter logo
Up arrow icon
User icon
Audio icon
Tickets iconAdd to calendar iconNFC icon
AFC icon
NFL icon
Carousel IconList ViewWebsite
InstagramTwitterFacebookSnapchatShop IconProfile Overlay
AvatarAddAirplayArrow LeftArrow RightArrow UpArrow DownAudioBack 5sBack 10sBack 30sCalendarChartCheckDownLeftRightUpChromecast OffChromecast OnCloseClosed CaptionsBench OffBench OnBroad OffBroad OnVertical OffVertical OnCommentDockDoneDownloadDraftFantasyFilterForward 5sForward 10sForward 30sFull Screen OffFull Screen OnGamepassGamesInsightsKeyLeaveLiveCombineDraftFantasyMenu GamesMenu NetworkMenu NewsMenu PlayoffsMenu Pro BowlMenu ShopMenu StandingsMenu StatsMenu Super BowlMenu TeamsMenu TicketsMenuMore HorizontalMore VerticalMy LocationNetworkNewsPauseplayMultiple PlayersSingle PlayerPlaylistPlayoffsPro BowlPurgeRefreshRemoveReplaySearchSettingsShare AndroidShare Copy URLShare EmailShare FacebookShare InstagramShare iOSShare SnapchatShare TwitterSkip NextSkip PreviousStandingsStarStatsSwapTeamsTicketsVideoVisibility OffVisibility OnVolume HiVolume LowVolume MediumVolume MuteWarningWebsite
Caret downCaret upAt
The browser you are using is no longer supported on this site. It is highly recommended that you use the latest versions of a supported browser in order to receive an optimal viewing experience. The following browsers are supported: Chrome, Edge (v80 and later), Firefox and Safari.
Got it!