https://www.teignbridge.gov.uk/cookies-and-privacy-notices/cookies/cookies/
Cookies information
www.teignbridge.gov.uk uses cookies to make the site simpler. Find out more about the cookies we use.
Close banner
Home
Cookies
Cookies are placed onto your computer to make your visits more friendly and efficient. Legislation requires we tell you about this and to give you the option to remove these cookies if you so wish.
We only use cookies to provide services which will help you get the most out of our website. Examples include interactive maps and online forms.
Our cookies cannot be used to identify you personally and are not used for marketing. They simply help you use the website and help us see how many people are visiting and what they are most interested in. This helps us provide the right kind of content for our customers.
Cookies can also make life easier by remembering your computer or any other device you've used to visit the site. This means you don't have to give the same information several times during a visit or while completing a task.
You can choose to delete and block cookies, but this will stop some functions from working properly. To find out more about how to manage cookies, please visit www.aboutcookies.org.uk
The table below shows which cookies are used on our website. Please note that we cannot control cookies used by other parties, for example Google or YouTube, so it's a good idea to read their Privacy Policies as well. We've listed their cookies below and given you links to their policies.
When you accept cookies from us, any of the following cookies may be used. If you do not accept cookies using our opt-out option - which pops up on our webpages until you answer it - only those cookies which affect the site's basic functions will be used.
Party
First-Party cookies are placed on your computer as a direct result of what you're doing on our website, such as browsing information or using maps.
Third-Party cookies are placed by other websites when you click on a link to visit them or watch an embedded video.
Cookie
Name
Purpose
Type & Party
Google Analytics
_utma _utmb _utmz
These cookies collect information about how many visitors use our site. We use the information to help us improve the site by identifying the most visited pages and making them more user friendly.
Persistent
First
Google Analytics
__utmc
These cookies collect information about how many visitors use our site. We use the information to help us improve the site by identifying the most visited pages and making them more user friendly.
Session
First
Google Maps
MPRF
NID PREF SNID
We use Google maps to give location and directions to council buildings and services. Google maps use cookies as unique identifiers given to each computer to allow traffic analysis to Google Maps.
Persistent
First
Teignbridge.gov.uk
ASP.NET_ SessionId
Our online services use cookies. These are necessary for the application to work as they hold information when the user moves between pages and remembers tasks so you do not have to keep re-entering information.
Session
First
Twitter
_twitter_sess
When we provide links to third party services you find useful, they may place a cookie on your device to make their service easier to use. See their policy on use - http://twitter.com/privacy
Session
Third
Twitter
guest_id k
These cookies are created by Twitter, they let the website know if you've logged in to your Twitter account. In this case they are present because the 'Tweet' button is being used on the website. See - http://twitter.com/privacy
Persistent
Third
YouTube
VISITOR_INFO1 _LI
VE
If you choose to play a YouTube video which is embedded on a page within www.teignbridge.gov.uk, a cookie will be set by YouTube. Teignbridge uses the privacy enhanced mode, which stops YouTube from setting the cookie unless you choose to play the video clip.
Persistent
Third
Help us fix teignbridge.gov.uk
Report a problem on page form
Please don't include any personal or financial information, for example your National Insurance or credit card numbers.
What you were doing
What went wrong
Getting the right result
We might need to find out more to establish what the problem is. Please could you leave your contact details in case we need to contact you.
Your email address
Your name
Send