http://www.photosonice.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Why sleeping too little makes you crave junk food?
We all know that marijuana increases someone’s appetite, and nobody used to know the science behind it.
How coffee can lower mutiple sclerosis risk
Do you know that drinking 6 cups of coffee a day may cut multiple sclerosis risk?
Common Mother To Baby Infections That You Should Know.
Expectant mothers are always excited when they discover that there is a new life grooving in their belly.
Privacy Policy:POI Health & Media ("POI Health & Media") operates http://www.photosonice.com and may operate other websites. It is POI Health & Media's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, POI Health & Media collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. POI Health & Media's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how POI Health & Media's visitors use its website. From time to time, POI Health & Media may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
POI Health & Media also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on http://www.photosonice.com blogs/sites. POI Health & Media only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to POI Health & Media's websites choose to interact with POI Health & Media in ways that require POI Health & Media to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that POI Health & Media gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up
at http://www.photosonice.com to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with POI Health & Media are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, POI Health & Media collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with POI Health & Media. POI Health & Media does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
POI Health & Media may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. POI Health & Media may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, POI Health & Media does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
POI Health & Media discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on POI Health & Media's behalf or to provide services available at POI Health & Media's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using POI Health & Media's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. POI Health & Media will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, POI Health & Media discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when POI Health & Media believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of POI Health & Media, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an POI Health & Media website and have supplied your email address, POI Health & Media may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with POI Health & Media and our products.
If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. POI Health & Media takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. POI Health & Media uses cookies to help POI Health & Media identify and track visitors, their usage of POI Health & Media website, and their website access preferences. POI Health & Media visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using POI Health & Media's websites, with the drawback that certain features of POI Health & Media's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If POI Health & Media, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that POI Health & Media goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of POI Health & Media may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by POI Health & Media and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, POI Health & Media may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in POI Health & Media's sole discretion. POI Health & Media encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a http://www.photosonice.com account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Pages
About us
Contact us
Mother To Baby Infections
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Recent Posts
Tips for Choosing THC Vape Oil
FUT or FUE: Which Transplant Procedure Is Right for You
Causes and Potential Remedies for Sulfur Burps
Top Benefits of Coolsculpting You Should Know
Various Ways For Men To Boost Testosterone Levels