http://www.ukpaintball.co.uk/privacy-policy.html
Skip to main content
Privacy PolicyIn relation to the website: www.ukpaintball.co.uk (‘the Site’).
Principal place of business is at: Park House, North Street, Horsham.  RH12 1RN (‘we’/‘us’/‘our’).
Customer services: 0845 430 4455 or email us at contact@ukpaintball.co.uk
The Site is a UK based website and takes reasonable care to comply with the requirements of the UK Data Protection Act 1998 relating to the personal information you supply on the Site. The Site uses a security system that protects your information from unauthorised use. However, as no data transmissions over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk.
Save as provided below, we will not sell, distribute or disclose information about you as an individual or your personal usage of the Site (‘Information’) without your consent or unless required or permitted to do so by law. The Information we gather may include name, delivery address, credit or debit card number and expiry date, email address, telephone number, and any personal preferences - we do not store your credit card details. If you subscribe to our mailing lists for new release and other information, we also ask you to answer various general questions about yourself. You will be asked to specify the areas in which you are interested so that we can tailor the information which we send to you to cover the topics and merchandise which we believe you might be interested in.
If you have made a booking through UKPaintball.co.uk some of your personal information will be sent to a third party operator in order to process and for the fullfillment of your experience.
Please note that we do provide links to other sites, which may not be governed by this Privacy Policy and you should view the particular privacy policies of those sites for further information. We would like you to keep the Information about you up-to-date. You may change any of the basic information we keep about you at any time by sending us an email to the above email address.
In addition to the Information which you supply to us, information and data may be automatically collected through the use of cookies. Cookies are small text files the Site can use to recognise repeat users and allow us to observe behaviour and compile aggregate data in order to improve the Site for you. For example, cookies will tell us whether you viewed the Site with sound or with text on your last visit. Cookies also allow us to count the number of unique and return visitors to our Site.
Some of our associated companies may themselves use cookies on their own websites. We have no access to, or control of these cookies, should this occur. Unfortunately, we cannot accept liability for any malfunctioning of your PC or its installed web browser as a result of your seeking to follow these instructions.
We may monitor customer traffic patterns, Site usage and related Site information in order to optimise your use of the Site and we may give aggregated statistics to a reputable third-party, but these statistics will include no information personally identifying you.
We may also use the Information we gather to notify you about important functionality changes and alterations to the Site, or offers of products, services or information that might be of particular interest to you. This may involve transferring or selling your Information to other companies, inside or outside the EU. Your information may also be transferred to another company in the event of sale of our company to a third party. In that event, we will endeavour to ensure that your rights and freedoms in respect of the processing of your personal data are adequately and appropriately protected. By submitting your Information and ticking the requisite boxes on any order form or when subscribing to the services available on our Site, you consent to such use and transfer. If at any time you wish to stop receiving our newsletter or any other information you may have requested from us or any other company, please email or write to Customer Services at the address given for us above or click the Unsubscribe link (if available) at the bottom of any document you receive from us.