https://www.bikehighway.com/bikehighway-terms-and-conditions/
Terms & Conditions
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
For the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on Javascript in your browser.
Covid update
During this challenging time, we are working diligently to provide timely service to our customers.
We are continuing to process orders. But COVID-19 has placed considerable pressure on our staffing levels and tracking numbers and other communications may be delayed.. As most of our staff is working from home, we are temporarily suspending telephone contact - please talk to us via E-mail - while it is taking more time than usual to reply we will get back to you.Also please note that staffing at the various warehouses from which our products are shipped are significantly under staffed. So shipping is taking longer. and UPS and Fedex delivery schedules have been stretched out due to a shortage of drivers. So please be patient – we are responding to all communications as soon as humanly possible. Please stay safe and follow CDC guidelines
201-775-4274
Blog
Skip to Content
Sign In
Sign In
Login
Forgot Your Password?
Create an Account
Currency
($)
US Dollar
(A$)
Australian Dollar
(£)
British Pound
(CA$)
Canadian Dollar
(€)
Euro
Toggle Nav
My Cart
Search
Search
Advanced Search
Search
BikeHighway.Com Policies:
TERMS OF USE: Please read our policies carefully before using this website. The term BikeHighway.Com is synonymous with Uncle Barn's Cue Sheet Exchange LLC with respect to any obligations, or the lack of same. Using this website indicates that you have read and understand our policies, that you accept them and that you agree to abide by them.If you do not accept our policies, please do not use this website.THANK YOU! Our e-mail address is customerservice@BikeHighway.Com.
PCI COMPLIANCE:
BikeHighway.Com is PCI compliant! Bike Highway.Com adheres to MasterCard and Visa's Payment Card Industry (PCI) Data Security Standard initiative to thwart credit card theft for on-line transactions. Under this policy, your personal data, that is relevant to your credit card and credit card information, is safer from hackers.
DOMESTIC ORDERS:
Affirm:  We accept payment through the Affirm loan system.
Amazon Checkout: We accept payment through Anazon Checkout.
Checks & Money Orders: We accept Checks from US banks, and we accept US Money Orders. All checks must be made out in US currency. All checks and money orders must fully clear our bank before any item will ship - usually 10 working days..
Credit Cards:We accept payment by Visa, MasterCard, JPC and DiscoverCard subject to fraud verification  We ask for the CVV code to verify that you are in possession of the card.
PayPal: We accept PayPal from (US Citizens only) provided that PayPal has a "confirmed shipping address" listed for that account. You must ship to the confirmed address - NO EXCEPTIONS. Non-confirmed addresses will be rejected by our system. You can only use PayPal to ship to your PayPal confirmed shipping address. Refunds for PayPal purchases will be fefunded to the email address associated with the payment to us. We advise you to create an account with PayPal first, and pay using an email address that is tied into that account
Wire Transfer: We accept payments world wide through wire transfer bujt only for orders that will be shipped to a US address.
INTERNATIONAL ORDERS:
We partner with MyUS
ALL SALES ARE FINAL, subject the following exceptions:
EXCHANGES
FOR CLOTHING, HELMETS OR SHOES: If you need to exchange a product you must e-mail us, and we will reply with a request for a re-shipping fee payment. Once we receive the re-shipping fee payment form, we will then e-mail you with your EMA number and instructions. We will only authorize an exchange if the customer needs a different size of the same product. If we cannot accommodate the requested size, we will provide a complete refund (shipping costs are not refundable). All clothing returned for exchange, must have the original labels attached as they were shipped. The request for an exchange must be e-mailed to BikeHighway.Com  within 10 days of delivery (or your exchange option shall be deemed waived). Please note that all exchanges must be accompanied by a Bike Highway.Com Exchange Merchandise Authorization number (EMA Number). Any order without an EMA will be refused. All expenses resulting from a refused shipment, regardless of reason, will be the responsibility of the customer.
YOU MUST ADHERE TO THE FOLLOWING:
1. The item MUST be sent in it’s original packaging, at your expense, to the address on the EMA. 2. The item MUST be in NEW condition. 3. A copy of our e-mailed EMA MUST accompany the item. 4. The EMA form MUST be signed and dated. 5. You MAY ONLY exchange the item for the same product in a smaller or larger size. 6. Shipping fees are: For each item being exchanged, shipping and handling fees are: $8.25 (jerseys/shorts/similar soft goods); $9.50 (multiple jerseys or shorts or similar soft goods); $9.50 (Jackets); $10.95 (helmets/shoes/saddles); $12.95 (protective gear); Hard goods or other items not listed here priced accordingly. Other fees may vary - international fees higher - subject to change without notice. NO OTHER PRODUCTS MAY BE EXCHANGED - NO EXCEPTIONS.
SPECIAL ORDERS:
Some items we sell are specifically built to fit only your bike and are built at time of order by the manufacturer. These items cannot be returned or exchanged - NO exceptions.
FOR DAMAGED ITEMS:
At Bike Highway.Com discretion, we may either refund the full purchase price, or replace the product or the damaged* part. If you receive an order where the product is clearly damaged, DO NOT OPEN THE BOX. You have the right to refuse delivery with the driver. Large items like bicycles, trikes, etc. should be opened and examined before the delivery service leaves to insure that damage has not occurred during transit. Please note, small parts with damages can be replaced without shipping the entire product back. If the delivery service has already left, you can call them back or bring it to one of their locations and refuse delivery provided damages are clearly visible. However, once the package has been left with you, or at your home, you must report any damage to Bike Highway.Com within 10 days of delivery (or your return option shall be deemed waived). Please note that returned merchandise must be accompanied by a Bike Highway.Com Return Merchandise Authorization number (RMA Number). If you need to return a product, you must email us, and we will reply with an RMA number, a product return form and shipping instructions. Any returned item without an RMA will be refused. All expenses resulting from a returned shipment without an RMA, will be the responsibility of the customer. * It is possible for bicycle cables, bolts, screws, etc. to become loosened or disconnected during shipping, thus requiring adjustment by the consumer. The need to adjust these items, does not qualify a bicycle as damaged or defective.
RETURNS, REFUNDS and RESTOCKING FEES:
If you need to return a product you must email us, and we will reply with an RMA number, a product return form and shipping instructions. You must request a Return Merchandise Authorization number (RMA) within 10 days of receiving your order (or your return option shall be deemed waived). Any order without an RMA will be refused. All expenses resulting from our refusal to accept back an order without an RMA, will be the responsibility of the customer. All clothing returned for exchange, must have the original labels attached as they were shipped. Any Items returned must be in "as New" sellable condition. Please use an under garment when trying on jerseys or shorts, Please understand that we cannot exchange or return soiled goods. Please insure your return or exchange packages - you are responsible for their safe arrival.
THE FOLLOWING ITEMS CANNOT BE RETURNED:
1. Bicycles / Unicycles / Tricycles
2. Bicycle Frames
3. Any Hypoxico product
4. Bicycle Boxes
5. Gas or Electric Scooters
6. Exterior Bike Racks
7. Bike Saddles/Seats/Seat Posts 8. Suitcases and/or travel gear
FOR CLOTHING, HELMETS or SHOES:
1) Shipping costs are not a refundable item. Your refund will not include the price you paid for shipping.*
2) The item MUST be returned to the address on the RMA, at your expense in it's original packaging.
3) A 15% industry-wide restocking fee shall be applied to all returned items.
*If free shipping was included in your purchase, we will also deduct the actual postage cost from your refund.
FOR ALL OTHER ITEMS
1) Shipping costs are not a refundable item. Your refund will not include the price you paid for shipping.*
2) The customer is responsible for shipping the product back to BikeHighway.
3) The restocking fee will be 15%.
If free shipping was included in your purchase, we will also deduct the actual postage cost from your refund.
YOU MUST ALSO ADHERE TO THE FOLLOWING:
1. The item MUST be returned to the address on the RMA, at your expense, in it's original packaging.
2. The item MUST be in NEW condition.
3. One copy of our e-mailed RMA MUST accompany the item.
4. The RMA form MUST be signed and dated.
MISSING OR BROKEN PARTS: If you open your product and discover that there are pieces missing or broken, please contact us by e-mail to let us know right away. The manufacturer of the product is the one who boxes the product and is supposed to make sure that all parts are in the box when you receive it. This is true for all retail establishments and all manufacturers. Sometimes, a part gets inadvertently left out of the box or breaks during shipping. We will make sure that you get the part you need that was left out or arrived broken. We do not, however, stock parts (and it would be impossible to do so). We have arrangements with each individual manufacturer to supply us with replacement parts if an item arrives incomplete or broken. If a part is temporarily out of stock, we will notify you of the approximate date that it will be in stock. Based on part availability and other aspects that may occur while trying to obtain certain parts, each part request will be reviewed and handled fairly by us, on a case-by-case basis and BikeHighway.Com will then decide on how to move forward for each case. Sometimes, a manufacturer will upgrade a part or entire unit or part thereof if the original replacement part is not available. Colors may also be substituted as long as it does not hinder the operation of the product. This is at the individual manufacturer’s discretion as they are the experts of their own products. When you e-mail us and tell us what part is missing or broken, we will alert the manufacturer and they will ship the appropriate part to you. Parts may take up to a week or so before the manufacturer is able to send it to you. This delay is out of our control as we have not control over the manufacturer's schedule, but please be assured that you will receive your part as soon as possible. If we have any questions about your e-mail or if there is any confusion about what part you need, we will call you. When a broken part needs to be replaced, we may require that the original part be returned before a new part can be sent, either for inspection or replacement. If BikeHighway agrees to cover shipping for the return of the broken part, BikeHighway will only cover the cost of the actual shipping costs charged by the actual shipping company (Example: UPS or FedEx). This does not include fees charged by local mail stores for their services, or the cost of boxes or packing material. Please allow us some time to work on your issue as we may also be helping other customers who e-mailed us, in turn, before you did. Some parts take longer than others and sometimes a part may require us to speak with only certain parts representatives from the manufacturer's office or arrange certain paperwork, and the process can be time consuming with many phone calls, faxes, and e-mails going back and forth between the customer, manufacturer and BikeHighway.Com . Some manufacturers will allow you to call them directly to get your missing part and others will require that we order it for you. This is a normal procedure. The manufacturer will usually put a helpdesk or hotline phone number in the box if they prefer that the customer call them. If your item is out of warranty or something breaks during use (not caused by defect or workmanship during the warranty period) and you wish to purchase replacement parts, you should call the manufacturer. If they refer you back to us for parts, we will do our best to help you get the part.
IMAGES AND ITEM REPRESENTATIONS:
Images and item descriptions are made available to you as a guide and as such some products that come to you may or may not be an exact match to an item that you are purchasing. Most of our images and descriptions are written and produced by the manufacturer of the products we sell and they provide them to us. Many manufacturers rely on color mixing techniques that may or may not duplicate to an exact color match each time the item is made. Manufacturers also come out with updated and new models throughout the year that may position parts differently, change parts, or have different colors. Thus they may change colors and or features without notifying their merchants. As a result, a new model may look slightly different than an older one or from our photographs. We change images and descriptions as they become available to us and will always try to update them immediately. What a manufacturer does is out of our control. Please be advised that different computers and internet browsers display colors differently depending on certain setting on your computer and the programming of the browser. Be that as it may, non-exact color matches or slight variations of the product description will NOT be accepted for a return and will NOT qualify for a reduction in price. We will always do our best to inform you of any products that differ from their images or descriptions before the item is shipped to you so that you can decide to keep the item or cancel the order before it is processed; providing that we know about the product differences ahead of time.
ORDER CANCELLATIONS or CHANGES BY CUSTOMER:
Order cancellations or changes can only be made before they are processed. If you need to cancel or change your order before it is processed, you must log into your account to cancel or change it. Once your order is processed, it will be locked and may not be cancelled or changed. If your order is locked and you need to make changes or cancellations, please notify us and we will do our best to catch the order before it gets shipped to you - this is not always possible. Once an order is shipped, it is considered your property and may not be cancelled or changed. Should you refuse to accept any package from our carriers, you will be charged for ALL shipping fees incurred by BikeHighway.Com  - including the cost of re-shipping the item back to you. For approved cancellations after an item has been shipped to you, we have four simple guidelines: 1) Do not open the box. 2) See our policies regarding obtaining an RMA. 3) Shipping costs are not a refundable item. 4) Restocking fees are an industry-wide 15% of item cost.
SHIPPING POLICY:
Shipping prices are more than just the price to ship the products to you. Shipping incorporates handling and sometimes insurance fees as well as other incidentals. When you pay for shipping, you are paying "Shipping and Handling" fees as well. Some products have flat shipping fees and others are rated based on distance and weight. In order to keep our prices as low as possible, some of the products we sell, are shipped for us from a distributor's or manufacturer's warehouse. Unless otherwise noted, you will typically receive your order within ten business days. For items we ship, you will receive a tracking number. When a distributor supplies us with a tracking number we, in turn, e-mail the number to you. Unless otherwise noted, you will typically receive your order within ten working days.
Some items cannot be shipped to PO Boxes. If your purchase cannot be shipped to a PO Box, we will request a substitute address. For items we ship, we GLADLY ship to all APO addresses however items may not be trackable and you, the customer, take responsibility for lost items. Due to USPS weight and size limits, Bicycles, Tricycles, Scooters, Bike Boxes, Frames and other large items cannot be shipped to an APO/FPO/AE post office. For items shipped by distributors, we gladly ship to APO addresses which also include a USA street address. For overseas APO addresses, we are dependent on the distributor's policy - if we cannot process your order, we will notify you by email.
HOW WE SHIP: We use a number of commercial shippers including, but not limited to, USPS, UPS and FedEx. We DO NOT guarantee the use of any given shipper for a particular order. The selection of which shipper to use is made at the warehouse level based upon cost, availability and time of day.
FREE SHIPPING:
Free shipping items are clearly marked. Unless otherwise noted, the "Free Shipping" designation ONLY applies to locations within the contiguous USA.
PRIVACY POLICY:
We respect Internet privacy, and never purposely abuse it. Our privacy code is based upon this principle, and is provided here for your inspection. BikeHighway.Com  does not spam anyone, ever, period. We NEVER sell, rent or trade our e-mail list. When you visit our site, we do NOT capture your e-mail address. When you communicate with us by e-mail, or purchase a product, we MAY retain your e-mail address. If you wish to be removed from future emails, you may log into your account, click 'change my email preferences' and then click the 'remove me' button. If you need assistance with this, or feel that an email was sent to you in error, you may also email customer support and request removal from our lists.
BACK ORDERS: BikeHighway.Com  makes every effort to keep stock availability up to date. However, we cannot insure that all products shown are in stock. If a product is marked "Back Ordered", we post the availability date provided to us by our supplier. Unfortunately, due to circumstances beyond the control of BikeHighway.Com  and/or our suppliers, sometimes an availability date needs to be delayed. We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause, but we cannot offer a discount based upon delayed availability.
ERRORS AND OMISSIONS:
BikeHighway.Com is not responsible for inaccurate pricing, omissions or inaccurate product descriptions due to programming errors, data entry errors, or any other type of error. Any undervalued price identified prior to charging a customer's credit card will be corrected. At that time, the customer may cancel the order, or accept the corrected price. Should an error be identified after a customer's credit card has been charged, BikeHighway reserves the right to refund the customer and revoke the erroneous offer and any associated order. Computer generated order confirmations of erroneously priced orders sent prior to the identification of an error are NOT binding on BikeHighway, unless the order has already been delivered to the customer.
WARRANTY AND LIABILITY DISCLAIMER: The use of bicycles, skateboards, scooters, pedal cars/planes, exercise equipment and other activities performed with the products we sell are inherently dangerous. As such, the user of any product sold on BikeHighway.Com  does so at his/her own risk. Uncle Barn's Cue Sheet Exchange LLC, assumes no responsibility for any injury to any individual using any item sold on BikeHighway.Com . Nor does it assume any responsibility for any incidental or consequential damage to property or individuals related to the use of any item sold on BikeHighway.Com . The user assumes all risk for any personal injury to himself/herself or to others. The user assumes all risk for any property damage to the equipment he/she is using, to his/her property, or to the property of others. Consumers, and other users, of any item sold on BikeHighway.Com , should rely solely on the warranty (if any) provided by the manufacturer, as expressed by said manufacturer. Likewise, BikeHighway.Com  makes no representation on the suitability of any product for its intended use, or any other use. Consumers, and others, should rely on their own judgment and on the representations (if any) by the manufacturer. BikeHighway.Com does not recommend the purchase of any product, nor the merits, if any, of one product over another. This site and the materials and products on this site are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, Uncle Barn's Cue Sheet Exchange LLC disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Uncle Barn's Cue Sheet Exchange LLC does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes the site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. Uncle Barn's Cue Sheet Exchange LLC does not make any warranties or representations regarding the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. Some states do not permit limitations or exclusions on warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you.
SOFTWARE WARRANTY AND LIABILITY DISCLAIMER: BikeHighway.Com  does not warrant, either explicitly nor tacitly, the proper functioning of any software program offered on this web site, especially its accuracy, completeness, usability, or reliability of the respective calculation methods, including the compatibility with other programs. The user of the program is fully responsible for and bears all risks and liabilities regarding the completeness and/or correctness of the results and applications produced by the program. BikeHighway.Com shall not be liable for any direct or indirect damages suffered by or incurred in connection with or on occasion of the use of any software program, including, but not limited, to damages occurred regarding data processing or damages caused by applying the results yielded by the program. Furthermore, BikeHighway.Com  shall not be liable for loss of data, incorrect data processing, costs and charges for service and repair due to bugs, damages to property, death and personal injury, loss of profit or any consequential damages.
COPYRIGHTS: The entire content included in this site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the United States and other copyright laws, and is the property of Uncle Barn's Cue Sheet Exchange LLC. The collective work includes works that are licensed to Uncle Barn's Cue Sheet Exchange LLC. Copyright 2004 and later years, Uncle Barn's Cue Sheet Exchange LLC ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of placing an order with Uncle Barn's Cue Sheet Exchange LLC or purchasing Uncle Barn's Cue Sheet Exchange LLC products. You may display and, subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, download or print portions of the material from the different areas of the site solely for your own non-commercial use, or to place an order with Uncle Barn's Cue Sheet Exchange LLC or to purchase Uncle Barn's Cue Sheet Exchange LLC products. Any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by Uncle Barn's Cue Sheet Exchange LLC. You further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site.
TRADEMARKS: All trademarks, service marks and trade names of Uncle Barn's Cue Sheet Exchange LLC and/or BikeHighway.Com  used in the site are trademarks or registered trademarks of Uncle Barn's Cue Sheet Exchange LLC
LIMITATION of LIABILITY: Uncle Barn's Cue Sheet Exchange LLC shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this site or the performance of the products, even if Uncle Barn's Cue Sheet Exchange LLC has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS: In the event that a Uncle Barn's Cue Sheet Exchange LLC product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price, Uncle Barn's Cue Sheet Exchange LLC reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. Uncle Barn's Cue Sheet Exchange LLC reserves the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is canceled, Uncle Barn's Cue Sheet Exchange LLC shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.
TERM TERMINATION: These terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. These terms and conditions, or any part of them, may be terminated by Uncle Barn's Cue Sheet Exchange LLC without notice at any time, for any reason. The provisions relating to Copyrights, Trademark, Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability, Indemnification and Miscellaneous, shall survive any termination.
NOTICE: Uncle Barn's Cue Sheet Exchange LLC may deliver notice to you by means of e-mail, a general notice on the site, or by other reliable method to the address you have provided to Uncle Barn's Cue Sheet Exchange LLC.
MISCELLANEOUS: Your use of this site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the state of New Jersey, U.S.A., without regard to choice of law provisions, and not by the 1980 U.N. Convention on contracts for the international sale of goods. You agree that jurisdiction over and venue in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this site (including but not limited to the purchase of Uncle Barn's Cue Sheet Exchange LLC products) shall be in the state or federal courts located in Morris, New Jersey. Any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the site (including but not limited to the purchase of Uncle Barn's Cue Sheet Exchange LLC products) must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises or less time if applicable law allows a lesser time restriction. Uncle Barn's Cue Sheet Exchange LLC's failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms and conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these terms and conditions. Uncle Barn's Cue Sheet Exchange LLC may assign its rights and duties under this Agreement to any party at any time without notice to you.
ADDITIONAL MISCELLANEOUS: Any communications that you initiate with BikeHighway.Com , or any communications that BikeHighway.Com  initiates with you, via any media form or format, you agree becomes the sole possession of BikeHighway.Com .
CONSUMER PRODUCT REVIEWS: Harassment in any manner or form on the site, including consumer product reviews by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of others, including a Uncle Barn's Cue Sheet Exchange LLC or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. You may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization.
PARTICIPATION DISCLAIMER: Uncle Barn's Cue Sheet Exchange LLC does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing the site, and is not in any manner responsible for the content of these communications and materials. You acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user-generated content on the site, Uncle Barn's Cue Sheet Exchange LLC is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the site. However, Uncle Barn's Cue Sheet Exchange LLC reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or; other intellectual property right of another or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to Uncle Barn's Cue Sheet Exchange LLC in its sole discretion.
INDEMNIFICATION: You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Uncle Barn's Cue Sheet Exchange LLC, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the "Service Providers") from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your Internet account.
THIRD-PARTY LINKS: In an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, Uncle Barn's Cue Sheet Exchange LLC may link to sites operated by third parties. However, even if the third party is affiliated with Uncle Barn's Cue Sheet Exchange LLC, Uncle Barn's Cue Sheet Exchange LLC has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of Uncle Barn's Cue Sheet Exchange LLC. These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. Nonetheless, Uncle Barn's Cue Sheet Exchange LLC seeks to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work).
PLEASE LET US KNOW: If there is anything we can do to enhance your shopping experience with BikeHighway.Com , please let us know.
Updated: June 2020
Information
About Us
Privacy Policy
Best Price Guarantee
Shipping
Terms & Conditions
CUSTOMER SERVICE
Contact Us
Site Map
MY ACCOUNT
MY ACCOUNT
Order History
Secured By
© 2020 BikeHighway. All Rights Reserved.
Top
Continue Shopping
Checkout
item(s) in your cart
Go to Checkout