https://www.athletics.africa/about-us/cookie-policy
About us
Our Offices
Our Team
Careers
Privacy and Cookie Policy
Terms and Conditions
Sitemap
Archives
Archives (2011-2013)
Archives (2007-2011)
Archives (2004 -2007)
Durban 2016
Bydgoszcz 2016
Rio Olympics 2016
Kampala 2017
Nairobi 2017
London 2017
Advertise
Contact
Related Links and Organisations
Follow us
Home
/
About us
/
Privacy and Cookie Policy
Privacy and Cookie Policy
This site uses cookies - small text files that are placed on your machine to help the site provide a better user experience. In general, cookies are used to retain user preferences, store information for things like subscription forms, and provide anonymised tracking data to third party applications like Google Analytics and social media channels.
Cookies and Ads policy
As a rule, cookies will make your browsing experience better.  However, you may prefer to disable cookies on this site and on others. The most effective way to do this is to disable cookies in your browser. We suggest consulting the Help section of your browser or taking a look at the explanation of our Cookies Policy at the About Cookies website which offers guidance for all modern browsers.
Ad and affiliate networks use cookies to show ads based on visits to this and other websites within the network.
As a visitor you can choose not to be shown ads selected using interest-based advertising by adjusting your browser's 'Do Not Track' settings'.
Privacy Policy
The purpose of this privacy policy is to disclose to you what information we (AthleticsAfrica and YSMedia Ltd) may collect, how we may collect it, with whom we may share it, and certain other matters related to such information, including the choices you have regarding our collection of information and our use and disclosure to other parties of information we may have collected from you.
In some areas of the Website, We may request that you provide personal information, including your name, address, e-mail address, telephone number and any other information from which your identity is discernible.
This Privacy Policy explains how we use the information we collect about you, how you can instruct us if you prefer to limit the use of that information and procedures that we have in place to safeguard your privacy.
If you do provide such information, you are thereby consenting to the use of that information in accordance with the policies and practices described in this Policy. For example, such information may be used for the purpose of determining your potential interest in receiving e-mail or other communications about particular products or services.
The information we collect and how we use it
When you register or subscribe to our news feeds on our website, we need to know your name, e-mail address, and in rare cases contact telephone numbers. From time to time we may provide your information to our customer service agencies for research and analysis purposes so that we can monitor and improve the services we provide. We or our agents and sub-contractors may contact you by post, e-mail or telephone to ask you for your feedback and comments on our services.
How we protect your information
The internet is not a secure medium. However we have put in place various security procedures as set out in this policy. AthleticsAfrica and YSMedia Ltd takes the security and privacy of its customers' personal information extremely seriously. We have strict internal procedures which cover the storage, access and disclosure of your information. In the event that this business is sold or integrated with another business your details may be disclosed to our advisers and any prospective purchaser and their advisers and will be passed on to the new owners of the business.
Your consent
Once again, by submitting your information you consent to the use of that information as set out in this Policy. If we change our Privacy Policy we will post the changes on this page, and may place notices on other pages of the web site, so that you may be aware of the information we collect and how we use it at all times. Your continued use of this service do signify that you agree to any such changes.
We welcome your views and concerns about our website and our Privacy Policy. If you would like to contact us with any queries or comments please send us a mail on our Contact Us page.
Choose Your Language
FR
AF
AR
EN
DE
SW
YO
advertisement
Recent Posts
November 25, 2019
Blessing Okagbare (Nigeria) is the 2014 Commonwealth Games Champion
November 23, 2019
Kipchoge and Muhammad named World Athletes of the Year
November 23, 2019
World Athletics Continental Tour to launch in 2020
November 21, 2019
Dubai to kick off 2020 World Para Athletics Grand Prix
November 15, 2019
Label race scheme to fund anti-doping efforts in 2020
IAAF World Championships – Oregon 2022
advertisement
Galleria
Photo Gallery: Asaba 2018 - African tour opens new Stephen Keshi stadium
July 18, 2018
Galleria
In Pictures: African athletes at 2014 World Athletics Gala
November 25, 2014
Galleria
In Pictures: Blessing Okagbare weds Igho Otegheri in Sapele
November 8, 2014
Video
WATCH: Carina Horn breaks SA 100m Women record
March 16, 2018
Galleria
In Pictures: African athletes at Rio 2016 Olympic Games – Day 4 and 5
August 19, 2016
Upcoming Events
Latest Results
Get our Magazine App
Close
Click to access the login or register cheese
Add AthleticsAfrica to your Homescreen!Add
We use cookies to improve your experience on our site, to provide social media features and analyse our traffic, and to show you relevant advertising from our ads partners.
To find out more, read our updated Privacy policy and Cookie policy. More Information...Accept Cookies and Continue ...