http://www.xcskihighpoint.com/privacy.aspx
High Point Cross Country is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology
that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy
applies to the High Point Cross Country Web site and governs data collection and usage.
By using the High Point Cross Country website, you consent to the data practices described
in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
High Point Cross Country collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail
address, name, home or work address or telephone number. High Point Cross Country also
collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as
your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically
collected by High Point Cross Country. This information can include: your IP address,
browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This
information is used by High Point Cross Country for the operation of the service, to
maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use
of the High Point Cross Country Web site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information
or personally sensitive data through High Point Cross Country public message boards,
this information may be collected and used by others. Note: High Point Cross Country
does not read any of your private online communications.
High Point Cross Country encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites
you choose to link to from High Point Cross Country so that you can understand how those
Web sites collect, use and share your information. High Point Cross Country is not responsible
for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the High Point Cross Country
and High Point Cross Country family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
High Point Cross Country collects and uses your personal information to operate the High Point Cross Country
Web site and deliver the services you have requested. High Point Cross Country also uses
your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services
available from High Point Cross Country and its affiliates. High Point Cross Country may also
contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services
or of potential new services that may be offered.
High Point Cross Country does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
High Point Cross Country may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business
partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases,
your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone
number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, High Point Cross Country
may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send
you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All
such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to
provide these services to High Point Cross Country, and they are required to maintain
the confidentiality of your information.
High Point Cross Country does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such
as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
High Point Cross Country keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within
High Point Cross Country, in order to determine what High Point Cross Country services are
the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising
within High Point Cross Country to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested
in a particular subject area.
High Point Cross Country Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice,
only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is
necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process
served on High Point Cross Country or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or
property of High Point Cross Country; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect
the personal safety of users of High Point Cross Country, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The High Point Cross Country Web site use "cookies" to help you personalize your online
experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page
server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer.
Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the
domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save
you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned
to a specific page. For example, if you personalize High Point Cross Country pages, or
register with High Point Cross Country site or services, a cookie helps High Point Cross Country
to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process
of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses,
and so on. When you return to the same High Point Cross Country Web site, the information
you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the High Point Cross Country
features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically
accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies
if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience
the interactive features of the High Point Cross Country services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
High Point Cross Country secures your personal information from unauthorized access,
use or disclosure. High Point Cross Country secures the personally identifiable information
you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from
unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit
card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use
of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
High Point Cross Country will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect
company and customer feedback. High Point Cross Country encourages you to periodically
review this Statement to be informed of how High Point Cross Country is protecting your
information.
Contact Information
High Point Cross Country welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy.
If you believe that High Point Cross Country has not adhered to this Statement, please
contact High Point Cross Country at eli@franeli.com.
We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the
problem.