http://www.wolfcreekski.com/privacy-policy/
The Most Snow in Colorado!
(970) 264-5629 | wolfcreekski@wolfcreekski.com
Mountain
Live Web-Cams
Snow Report
Weather
Grooming Report
Stats & Facts
Maps
Wolf Creek Back Country Hikes
Ski Patrol & Safety
Environmental
Employment
PRICING
Lift Tickets
Season Passes
Group Rates
Equipment Rental
SKI SCHOOL
Groups & Beginners
Children’s Programs
Private Lessons
Special Clinics & Programs
School Program
EVENTS
Fresh from the Wolf
Event Calendar
Appreciation Days
College Days
Races
Dining & Shopping
Base Area Map
Wolf Creek Lodge & Pathfinder Bar
Prospector Grill
Base Camp
Raven’s Nest, Continental & Alberta Grill
Treasure Sports
Noel Sports
VACATION TIPS
Transportation
Lodging Options
Altitude
Child Care
Powder Portraits
Media Highlights
News & Updates
Wolf Creek Blog
Photo & Video
Facebook
Twitter
Site Map
Community
Community Contributions
Shop – eStore
Rental Profile
Season Passes
Lift Tickets
Group Lessons
Gift Cards
The Store
Employment
Lodging
Contact
eStore
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for (http://wolfcreekski.com and http://wolfcreekski.com). This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by these web sites. It will notify you of the following:
1. What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
2. What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
3. The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
4. How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
If you sign up for our Snow Report, we will contact you via email in the future to tell you about snow conditions, road conditions, events, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Orders
We request information from you on our order form. To buy from us, you must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we’ll use this information to contact you.
Cookies
We use “cookies” on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Updates
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at (970) 264-5639 or via email at wolfcreekski@wolfcreekski.com.
Contact Us      (970) 264-5639    wolfcreekski@wolfcreekski.com   © 2020 All Rights Reserved       Privacy Policy