http://www.painthorse.com.au/terms-of-use
Terms of Use
Home / Terms of Use
Introduction and Acceptance of Terms of Use
Paint Horse Association of Australia offers you a wide range of content, communication tools, forums and information about its products and services ("materials") via this website. By using this site, you are agreeing to accept and comply with the terms and conditions of use outlined below ("Terms of Use"), which Paint Horse Association of Australia may update at any time without notice. Paint Horse Association of Australia may terminate your access to this site at any time without notice.
Limited Right to Use
This website is owned and operated by Paint Horse Association of Australia. Unless otherwise specified, all materials on this website are the property of Paint Horse Association of Australia and are protected by the copyright laws of Australia and, throughout the world by the applicable copyright laws. You may view, print and/or download one copy of the materials from this website on any single computer solely for your personal, informational or non-commercial use, provided you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices. No materials published by Paint Horse Association of Australia on this website, in whole or in part, may be copied, reproduced, modified, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any form or by any means without prior written permission from Paint Horse Association of Australia. The use of any such materials on any other website or networked computer environment or for any other purpose is prohibited. Any such unauthorised use may violate copyright, trademark and other similar laws.
Communications
Except for any disclosure by you for technical support purposes, or as specified in our Privacy Statement, all communications from you to this website will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. You agree that any and all comments, information, feedback and ideas regarding our company, products or services that you communicate to Paint Horse Association of Australia ("Feedback") will be deemed, at the time of communication to Paint Horse Association of Australia, the property of Paint Horse Association of Australia, and Paint Horse Association of Australia shall be entitled to full rights of ownership, including without limitation, unrestricted right to use or disclose such Feedback in any form, medium or technology now known or later developed, and for any purpose, commercial or otherwise, without compensation to you. You are solely responsible for the content of your communications and their legality under all laws and regulations. You agree not to use this website to distribute, link to or solicit content that is defamatory, harassing, unlawful, libellous, harmful to minors, threatening, obscene, false, misleading, or infringing a third party intellectual or privacy rights.
Access to Password Protected or Secured Areas
Access to and use of password protected or secured areas of this website is restricted to authorised users only. You will be asked to provide accurate and current information on all registration forms on this site. You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of any username and password that you choose or is chosen by your web administrator on your behalf, to access this site, as well as any activity that occurs under your username/password. You must not misuse or share your username or password, misrepresent your identity or your affiliation with an entity, impersonate any person or entity, or misstate the origin of any materials you are exposed to through this website.
Monitoring
Although Paint Horse Association of Australia is not obliged to do so, it retains the right to review your communications on this website to determine whether you comply with our Terms of Use. Paint Horse Association of Australia will not have any liability or responsibility for the content of any communications you post to this site, or for any errors or violations of any laws or regulations by you. Paint Horse Association of Australia will comply with any court order in disclosing the identity of any person posting communications on this website. We recommend that you review our Privacy Policy before posting any such communications. Please note that when you conduct transactions with other companies providing content via this website, you will also be subject to their privacy policies.
Links to Other Sites
Linked sites are not under the control of Paint Horse Association of Australia and Paint Horse Association of Australia is not responsible for the content of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site. Paint Horse Association of Australia reserves the right to terminate any link at any time. Paint Horse Association of Australia may provide links from this website to other sites as a convenience to you and in no way should this be interpreted as an endorsement of any company, content or products to which it links. Any access to a third party site linked to this website is at your own risk. Paint Horse Association of Australia disclaims any and all warranties, express or implied, to any such linked sites, including but not limited to any terms as to the accuracy, ownership, validity or legality of any content of a linked site.
Trademarks
The trademarks, service marks and logos of Paint Horse Association of Australia and others used in this website ("Trademarks") are the property of Paint Horse Association of Australia and their respective owners. You have no right to use any such Trademarks, and nothing contained in this website or the Terms of Use grants any right to use (by implication, waiver, estoppel or otherwise) any Trademarks without the prior written permission of Paint Horse Association of Australia or the respective owner.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold Paint Horse Association of Australia harmless from and against any and all third party claims, liabilities, damages, losses or expenses (including reasonable attorney's fees and costs) arising out of, based on or in connection with your access and/or use of this website.
Limitation of Liability
In no event shall Paint Horse Association of Australia or its suppliers be liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages, including, without limitation, loss profits or revenues, costs of replacement goods, loss or damage to data arising out of the use or inability to use this website or any linked site, damages resulting from use of or reliance on the information or materials presented on this web site, whether based on warranty, contract, tort or any other legal theory even if Paint Horse Association of Australia or its suppliers have been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Disclaimer
Paint Horse Association of Australia assumes no responsibility for accuracy, correctness, timeliness, or content of the materials provided on this website. Paint Horse Association of Australia is not responsible for supplying content or materials from the website that have expired or been removed. The materials provided at this website are provided "as is" and any warranty (express or implied), condition or other term of any kind, including without limitation, any warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or title is hereby excluded.
Applicable Laws
These Terms of Use are governed by the law in force in New South Wales, Australia, and the parties irrevocably submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of NSWs and courts of appeal from them for determining any dispute concerning the Terms of Use.
Website Development
This website was developed and is managed for Paint Horse Association of Australia by Reliance Technology. Reliance Technology is a regionally based information and communications technology support provider to government, education and SMEs. More information can be found at www.relianceit.com.au.
General
If you have any questions regarding the Terms of Use, please contact Paint Horse Association of Australia via our Contact Us page.