http://www.netfit.co.uk/privacy.htm
Follow Us
Updates
Search
Netfit
HomeFitnessWorkouts'How to' VideosFitness EquipmentNutritionWeight LossHealthJobsQuizzesArticleseBooks
PrivacyOne of the largest independent health, fitness and exercise websites
Tweet
PrivacyBy using this website (www.netfit.co.uk) you accept the terms of this privacy statement and the terms and conditions for using this website.
Our commitment to privacy
This privacy statement explains how we (Netfit.co.uk) collect information from you via our website and how this information is then used. When you provide us with your personal data, you consent to the processing of all such personal data as set out in the privacy statement.
Please read this privacy statement carefully and revisit this page from time to time to review any changes that we may have made. If you have any questions or comments about how we handle your personal information, please contact us.
Collected information during member's registration or newsletters
When you register with us, you (or the person registering for you) must tell us :
your email;
We also request other information including your first and last name, phone number, date of birth and area in which you live. You don't have to give us these details. When you register, we will give you a username and ask you for a password. You will also be asked to give the answer to a question you choose which will identify you.
How we use the information we collect
We use your personal information :
to answer your queries or complaints;
to deliver our membership services, for example online tools, forums, message boards and member's area;
for general statistics and research;
as may be required by law or in connection with legal proceedings (including where we intend to take legal proceedings), or as may be necessary to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights
Third parties and sponsors
We do not sell or 'loan' your information to any other party. Netfit.co.uk is registered with the Information Commissioners Office for Data Protection, our registry number is Z9643669.
We will never use your sensitive data for marketing purposes or to target you for customer feedback purposes without your express consent.
Protecting your personal information
As a registered data controller, we are required to take appropriate technical measures to protect your personal information including making a regular backup of our system and data. We have security measures in place to make sure any personal information we collect is secure. Your account is password protected and all information including your password is on a secure server, which only a limited number of employees and sub-contractors can access. All parties with access to your information are subject to confidentiality obligations. If you think someone else knows your password, or is using it, tell us immediately.
Even though we take appropriate technical steps to protect your security, you should remember that data transmission over the internet cannot always be guaranteed as 100% secure so you use the website at your own risk.
Keeping your personal data
We keep personal data :
for as long as is necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for;
as required by law; or
to enforce or defend legal claims.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files which are sent to your browser by a web server and stored on your personal computer's hard disk. We use cookies on our site to :
reduce the times and type of data you have to enter (e.g. username);
record the success of advertising, to target advertising and to track visitor usage; and
track responses to regular customer surveys and to make sure you don't see the same survey more than once.
The cookies used on the website do not collect your personal information.
You can disable cookies but if you do, you may not be able to use certain features on our site and you may need to enter your password more frequently.
Your rights
You have the right to ask for a copy of all the information we hold about you (we will charge you a small fee for this) and to correct any inaccuracies. To obtain a copy of this information contact us directly.
Tweet
Most Popular
» Stomach Exercises
» Target Heart Rate
» Back Exercises
» Arm Exercises
» Workouts
» Stretching Exercises
» Gym Workouts
» Chest Exercises
» Leg Exercises
» Cool Down Exercises
Becoming a personal trainerBecoming A Personal TrainerGet the best deal on InsuranceDeals on Insurance OnlineCan AI Replace Fitness Training Coaches & Managers in Football?Future Football Can AI Replace Fitness T...Small business health insuranceSmall business private health insuranceAb exercises cont.Medicine Ball Exercises & Workouts
Print
Send to Friend
Add to Favourites
Glossary
Close Menu
Test Your Fitness› Test Your Fitness› Upper Body Tests› 12 Minute Run Test› Leg Strength Tests› Resting Heart RateFitness Guides› Abdominals› Stretching› Home WorkoutsWorkouts› Training Programs› Football Training› Rugby Training› Circuits› 6 Minute Upper BodyQuizzes› Abdominal Quiz› Muscle Quiz› Boxing Quiz› Cricket Quiz› Golf Quiz› Football QuizNutrition› Vitamins› Lower Cholesterol› Bad Fats
Members Area
Terms
Privacy
Contact
Advertise with us
© 2000-2020 netfit.co.uk
All information on the netfit.co.uk web site is for information only. Netfit.co.uk offers no medical advice or information. Always consult your GP before undertaking any form of weight loss, fitness or exercise