https://www.tvsa.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
With TVSA Everyone Plays!
951-676-KICKP.O. Box 1463 Temecula, CA 92593Facebook page opens in new windowYouTube page opens in new windowInstagram page opens in new windowMail page opens in new window
AboutBoard MembersMeet the people behind the scenes. Contact Q&A ResourcesRisk ManagementProtecting players and coaches. Field Locations Coaching and Buddy Requests Downloads and Forms TVSA Documents Competitive Leagues
Rules and Regulations
TeamsSchedules Standings Practices TOPSoccerTOPS Photo GalleryPast TOPSoccer seasons
RegistrationMilitary Discount Reduced Fee Application Player Clinics
CoachesEducation All Star Coaching Application All Star Uniform Order Form Coaches LoginCoaches login area
RefereesReferee ScheduleWeekly referee schedule Referee of the Year Awards
Privacy PolicyYou are here:HomePrivacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is: https://www.tvsa.org.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
If you submit information via a form on this website, your information is securely stored on our server for archival purposes. A copy of your submission is also sent to one or more individuals responsible to responding to your form submission. While the transmission of your form submission to our website is encrypted, we cannot guarantee that the email communication to these individuals will be encrypted all the way to the email client endpoint due to varying email configurations which are outside of our control. We make every effort to keep your information secure while it is within our network.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
We collect analytics data using Google Analytics for tracking purposes which in turn allows us to provide better service to our customers via our website. We do not share any personally identifiable information.
Who we share your data with
Information provided to us via this website may be shared with Cal South and USSF for the purposes of registration or background checks.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Our contact information
We can be reached in the following ways:
US Mail
Temecula Valley Soccer Association
P.O. Box 1463
Temecula, CA 92593
Phone: 951-676-KICK
Additional information
How we protect your data
Our website uses 4096-bit SSL encryption to protect data sent to and from the website. Access to any data stored on our website is limited to access by qualified individuals that must provide a user name and password in order to access the data. We do purge data at various times during the year once it has been deemed that the data is no longer needed.
What data breach procedures we have in place
In the event of a suspected attack, our website will automatically block access to the attacker for one hour thus thwarting a possible breach.
Share this page
Share on FacebookShare on Facebook
TweetShare on Twitter
Pin itShare on Pinterest
Share on LinkedInShare on LinkedIn
Quick Schedule Lookup
Select a Team
Important Upcoming Dates
December 2020
Thursday December 17
7:00 pm														– 9:00 pm
Board of Directors Meeting
Location TBDhttps://tvsaboardofdirectors.teamapp.com/events/12614012.html?team_id=220476
Latest NewsCOVID-19 UpdateJuly 24, 20202019-2020 TVSA College Scholarship WinnersJune 2, 2020Coronavirus (COVID-19) AdvisoryMarch 12, 2020Attention All Graduating Temecula High School SeniorsDecember 31, 20192019 B14 All Star Team SelectionNovember 16, 2019
Go to Top