http://www.garstangrugby.com/privacy/
Privacy Policy:
GSR Health Group ("GSR Health Group")
operates garstangrugby.com and may operate other websites. It
is GSR Health Group's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect
while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, GSR Health Group collects non-personally-identifying information of the
sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference,
referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. GSR Health Group's purpose in
collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand
how GSR Health Group's visitors use its website. From time to
time, GSR Health Group may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by
publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
GSR Health Group also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol
(IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on garstangrugby.com
blogs/sites. GSR Health Group only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same
circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that
commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site
where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to GSR Health Group's websites choose to interact
with GSR Health Group in ways that require GSR Health Group to gather
personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that GSR Health Group gathers
depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at garstangrugby.com to provide a
username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with GSR Health Group are asked to
provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to
process those transactions. In each case, GSR Health Group collects such information only insofar as
is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with
GSR Health Group. GSR Health Group does not disclose personally-identifying information
other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with
the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
GSR Health Group may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its
websites. GSR Health Group may display this information publicly or provide it to others.
However, GSR Health Group does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as
described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
GSR Health Group discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information
only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information
in order to process it on GSR Health Group's behalf or to provide services available
at GSR Health Group's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some
of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by
using GSR Health Group's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to
them. GSR Health Group will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated
organizations, as described above, GSR Health Group discloses potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or
when GSR Health Group believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the
property or rights of GSR Health Group, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered
user of an GSR Health Group website and have supplied your email address, GSR Health Group
may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to
date with what's going on with GSR Health Group and our products. If you send us a request (for
example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us
clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. GSR Health Group takes all
measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of
potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser
provides to the website each time the visitor returns. GSR Health Group uses cookies to
help GSR Health Group identify and track visitors, their usage of GSR Health Group
website, and their website access preferences. GSR Health Group visitors who do not wish to have
cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before
using GSR Health Group's websites, with the drawback that certain features
of GSR Health Group's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If GSR Health Group, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event
that GSR Health Group goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the
assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that
any acquirer of GSR Health Group may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this
policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies.
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to
compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among
other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy
Policy covers the use of cookies by GSR Health Group and does not cover the use of cookies by any
advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, GSR Health Group may change
its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in GSR Health Group's sole
discretion. GSR Health Group encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to
its Privacy Policy. If you have a garstangrugby.com account, you might also
receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in
this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Social Icons
Last Articles
Downhill Mountain Biking: Gearing Up for That Downhill Battle
Buying Training Shoes Online
The Ultimate Services offered by Chiropractors
Five Common Home Remedies
Physiotherapy for Pain Management
Common concerns among patients with vision problems
Points to Help You Improve Your Ob-gyn Choice
Services offered by gynecologists
Benefits Of using A Water Flosser
The Fastest Way Of Getting Rid Of Genital Warts
Tips for finding the best dentist
4 Proven Ways To Stop Hair Loss
What Are The Best B12 Supplements On The Market?
All You Need To Know About Silicone Breast Implants
Symptoms And Treatment Options On Genital Herpes
The Benefits of Receiving Outplacement after Dismissal
Tips To Consider When Buying A Crib Mattress
Saving cost when buying organic food
The Top Super Foods
Health Benefits Of The Human Growth Hormone
Advice On Getting The Right Foot Doctor
Women’s Guide to Gaining Weight
Do Breast Actives Work?
Why and How To Stop Snoring
Building And Following Your Fitness Intuition
Know What the Paleo Diet is all about
Improve your memory
Tips on Buying Diet Pills
Benefits of Having Regular Eye Check Ups
3 Major Benefits of Holistic Dentistry Services
The Truth About Garcinia Cambogia
Healthy Ways to Boost Metabolism
Known Drugs That Curb Alcoholism
Pages
About
Contact Us
Facebook Demo
My Instagram Feed Demo
Perfect Dentist
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service