http://www.englandsquash.com/performance/team-england/team-england-selection-policy
Add Information
Choose which information you wish to show
Membership available
Players can purchase a membership here.
Pay and Play
Players can pay and play without requiring a membership.
Comfirm
Cancel
We have recently updated our Privacy Policy, please make sure you read about these changes.
Account
New user? Sign up:
Sign up
Think you already have an account?
Recover account
Close
Loading
Processing
Search
Connect
Play
Find people and places to play:
Search
Cancel
Close
Login
Sign up
KUKRI STORE
iPROSPORTS STORE
iPROSPORTS STORE
KUKRI STORE
Login
Sign up
Squash finder
Get involved
Play
Why play squash?
Ways to play
Where to play
Master the basics
Find a coach
Find a court
Rules
Coach
Get into coaching
About our courses
Apply for a DBS check
Safeguarding courses
Junior coaching resources
England Squash App
Course search
Referee
Why referee?
How to become a referee
Rules and regulations
Referee resources
Volunteer
Volunteer opportunities
Squash Workforce Awards
Watch
Allam British Open
Premier Squash League
News
Membership
Players
Members: benefits login
Join now
Coaches Club
Coach dashboard (log-in required)
Coaches Club
England Squash App
Clubs
Guide to managing club affiliation
Club toolkit
Manage your club (log-in required)
Club affiliation benefits (log-in required)
FAQs
What does your membership fund?
Help & support: clubs and facilities
Help & support: membership
Download England Squash Magazine
Competitions and Events
Sanctioned Competition Tenders
Junior
Major events
Sanctioned events
Schools 2020/21
Rankings
Records
Competitions Calendar
Event Search
Event Search
Senior/Masters
Major events
Records
Competitions calendar
Event Search
Event Search
Events search
Copper events
Bronze events
Silver events
Gold events
Platinum events
englandsquash.tv
Watch Junior Squash
Watch PSL Squash
Watch Sanctioned Squash
AJ Bell England Squash Challenge
FAQs
Help & support: competitions
Help & support: rankings
Help & support: Club Locker
Help & Support: Coronavirus (COVID-19)
Talent and Performance
Talent Pathway
Team England
England Academy
England Development
England Potential
Aspire
County Programmes
Performance Hubs
Selection Policy
Anti-Doping
About us
About England Squash
What we do
Strategy
Meet the team
Governance structure
Careers
History of squash
Governance
Structure in England
Rules and regulations
Safe Squash
Policies and reports
Privacy Policy
County contacts
Partners
Approved Contractors
Delivery partners
Clubs
England Squash app
Club Toolkit
Clubs and facilities FAQs
Funding advice
Squash maintenance
England Squash Foundation
Donate
Fundraise
Contact us
Support and FAQs
Coronavirus (COVID-19)
Back to Squash
Guidance for clubs, venues and coaches
Guidance for players
Local COVID alert levels
Return to play phases
Ways to play
COVID-19 FAQs
Stay in, work out
Bounce Back
Coronavirus support for clubs
Team Laura vs Team Nick
Team England Selection PolicyRepresenting your country is the highest honour that can be bestowed on a sportsman or sportswoman. Any player aspiring to represent England is expected to demonstrate the highest standards of professionalism, both on and off court. This includes demonstrable commitment to England Squash and the performance programme and appropriate behaviours towards coaching and support staff, teammates, colleagues and opponents.
Eligibility
England Squash apply the standard WSF eligibility criteria for selection at all levels, and also for appearing on the Dunlop National Junior Rankings. These criteria are outlined in Section K of the WSF World Championship Regulations. Detailed information is available on our support site.
Team England Click here to view/download the selection policy (revised May 2020).England JuniorsFurther to the selection policy we have outlined below some of the key considerations for juniors wishing to be selected for England. Selection criteria for Junior England teams are the same as the senior teams and include: rankings, current form and the nature / type of event. The list below summarises some of the key events that the selection panel will look at when selecting junior England teams: Platinum and Gold Events In these events players should play in their actual age group. ‘Playing up’an age group will only be allowed if approved by the National Coach. In most cases, this will only be allowed if a player is looking to be selected for a higher age group. For permission to be given to ‘play up’ in Gold and Platinum events a player will need to present their case supported by strong evidence that demonstrates the potential to be selected at a higher age group. We accept players may have exceptional circumstances that might prevent them attending these events. If this is the case for a player wishing to be considered for England selection, they should provide an explanation in writing to the performance team within a week of the event. Silver Events Performance in Silver events will also contribute towards England selection. Players should play in their actual age group unless, for player development reasons, they can demonstrate that ‘playing up’ will provide a clear benefit to their progression. Players wishing to ‘play up’ should seek approval from the performance team. All decisions will need to be approved by the National Coach. Other Events Player performance in other England Squash sanctioned events, such as the Inter County Championships, or other significant competitions in the UK or abroad may also contribute towards England selection.
Any player seeking further clarification of the above should contact the performance team: performance@englandsquash.com
Selection Timeline 5 Nations; Cancelled Selection will occur week commencing TBAEuropean U19 Individual & Team Championships; Postponed Selection will occur week commencing TBAEuropean Men's & Women's Team Championships; PostponedEuropean U15/U17 Team Championships; Cancelled Selection will occur week commencing TBAWSF Men's and Women's World Junior Individual & Team Championships; Cancelled Selection will occur week commencing TBAWSF Women’s World Team Championships (Malaysia); December 15 - 21, 2020 Selection will occur week commencing TBAWorld Games (Birmingham, USA); July 07 - 17, 2022 Selection will occur week commencing TBACommonwealth Games (Birmingham, UK); July 27 - August 07, 2022 Selection will occur week commencing TBANote: Entry timelines are set according to the requirements of each event and may therefore be subject to change.
Back
Share:
England Academy
Discover what it takes to make it into the England Academy.
More
Follow
Funding Partner
Official Partners
Approved Contractors
Approved Products