http://www.profileeurope.co.uk/legal/
Legal
Please read these terms and conditions carefully before using this site.
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Acceptable Use
What's in These Terms?
These terms tell you the rules for using our website www.profileeurope.co.uk (our site).
Who We Are and How to Contact Us
www.profileeurope.co.uk is a site operated by PROFILE (EUROPE) LTD ("We"). We are registered in England under company number 10146949and have our registered office at Sunderland Software Centre, Tavistock Place, Sunderland, Tyne And Wear, United Kingdom, SR1 1PB.To contact us, please email info@profileeurope.co.uk or telephone our customer service line on +44 (0) 23 8045 8328.
By Using Our Site You Accept These Terms
By using our site, you confirm that you accept these terms of use and that you agree to comply with them.If you do not agree to these terms, you must not use our site.We recommend that you print a copy of these terms for future reference.There are other terms that may apply to you.These terms of use refer to the following additional terms, which also apply to your use of our site:
Our Privacy Policy, which sets out the terms on which we process any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us. By using our site, you consent to such processing and you warrant that all data provided by you is accurate.Our Acceptable Use Policy, which sets out the permitted uses and prohibited uses of our site. When using our site, you must comply with this Acceptable Use Policy.Our Cookie Policy, which sets out information about the cookies on our site.
We May Make Changes to These Terms
We amend these terms from time to time. Every time you wish to use our site, please check these terms to ensure you understand the terms that apply at that time.
We May Make Changes to Our Site
We may update and change our site from time to time.
We May Suspend or Withdraw Our Site
Our site is made available free of charge.We do not guarantee that our site, or any content on it, will always be available or be uninterrupted. We may suspend or withdraw or restrict the availability of all or any part of our site for business and operational reasons. We will try to give you reasonable notice of any suspension or withdrawal.You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access our site through your internet connection are aware of these terms of use and other applicable terms and conditions, and that they comply with them.
How You May Use Material on Our Site
We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in our site, and in the material published on it. Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved.You may print off one copy, and may download extracts, of any page(s) from our site for your personal use and you may draw the attention of others within your organisation to content posted on our site.You must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text.Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of content on our site must always be acknowledged.You must not use any part of the content on our site for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from us or our licensors.If you print off, copy or download any part of our site in breach of these terms of use, your right to use our site will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made.
Do Not Rely on Information on This Site
The content on our site is provided for general information only. It is not intended to amount to advice on which you should rely. You must obtain professional or specialist advice before taking, or refraining from, any action on the basis of the content on our site.Although we make reasonable efforts to update the information on our site, we make no representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, that the content on our site is accurate, complete or up to date.
We Are Not Responsible for Websites We Link to
Where our site contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. Such links should not be interpreted as approval by us of those linked websites or information you may obtain from them.We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources.If there is any user-generated content on our site it is not approved, checked or moderated by us.This website may include information and materials uploaded by other users of the site, including to bulletin boards and chat rooms. This information and these materials have not been verified or approved by us. The views expressed by other users on our site do not represent our views or values.If you wish to complain about information and materials uploaded by other users please contact us on info@profileeurope.co.uk .
Our Responsibility for Loss or Damage Suffered by You
Whether you are a consumer or a business user:
We do not exclude or limit in any way our liability to you where it would be unlawful to do so. This includes liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence or the negligence of our employees, agents or subcontractors and for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation.Different limitations and exclusions of liability will apply to liability arising as a result of the supply of any products or services to you, which will be set out in our terms and conditions of supply.
If you are a business user:
We exclude all implied conditions, warranties, representations or other terms that may apply to our site or any content on it.We will not be liable to you for any loss or damage, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, even if foreseeable, arising under or in connection with:
use of, or inability to use, our site; oruse of or reliance on any content displayed on our site.
In particular, we will not be liable for:
loss of profits, sales, business, or revenue;business interruption;loss of anticipated savings;loss of business opportunity, goodwill or reputation; orany indirect or consequential loss or damage.
If you are a consumer user:
Please note that we only provide our site for domestic and private use. You agree not to use our site for any commercial or business purposes, and we have no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or loss of business opportunity.
We Are Not Responsible for Viruses and You Must Not Introduce Them
We do not guarantee that our site will be secure or free from bugs or viruses.You are responsible for configuring your information technology, computer programmes and platform to access our site. You should use your own virus protection software.You must not misuse our site by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material that is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our site, the server on which our site is stored or any server, computer or database connected to our site. You must not attack our site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack. By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use our site will cease immediately.
Rules About Linking to Our Site
You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists.You must not establish a link to our site in any website that is not owned by you.Our site must not be framed on any other site, nor may you create a link to any part of our site other than the home page.We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.The website in which you are linking must comply in all respects with the content standards set out in our Acceptable Use Policy.If you wish to link to or make any use of content on our site other than that set out above, please contact info@profileeurope.co.uk .
Which Country's Laws Apply to Any Disputes?
If you are a consumer, please note that these terms of use, their subject matter and their formation, are governed by English law. You and we both agree that the courts of England and Wales will have exclusive jurisdiction except that if you are a resident of Northern Ireland you may also bring proceedings in Northern Ireland, and if you are resident of Scotland, you may also bring proceedings in Scotland.If you are a business, these terms of use, their subject matter and their formation (and any non-contractual disputes or claims) are governed by English law. We both agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
Profile Europe ("We") are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.This policy (together with our terms of use and any other documents referred to on it) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. By visiting www.profileeurope.co.uk you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this policy. For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 (the Act), the data controller is PROFILE (EUROPE) LTD.
Information We Collect From You
We will collect and process the following data about you:
Information you give us. This is any information about you that you give us by filling in forms on our site www.profileeurope.co.uk (our site) or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise.Information we collect about you. With regard to each of your visits to our site we will automatically collect the following information:
technical information,information about your visit.
Information we receive from other sources. This is information we receive about you if you use any of the other websites we operate or the other services we provide. It may include information provided by anyone who referred you to our websites or services.
Cookies
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site. For detailed information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them see our Cookie policy.
Uses Made of the Information
We use information held about you in the following ways:
Information you give to us. We will use this information:
to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information, products or services that you request from us;if relevant to provide you with information about other goods and services we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about;to provide you, or permit selected third parties to provide you, with information about goods or services we feel may interest you. If you are an existing customer, we will only contact you by electronic means (e-mail or SMS) with information about goods and services similar to those which were the subject of a previous sale or negotiations of a sale to you. If you are a new customer, and where we permit selected third parties to use your data, we (or they) will contact you by electronic means only if you have consented to this. If you do not want us to use your data in this way, or to pass your details on to third parties for marketing purposes, please tick the relevant box situated on the form on which we collect your data;to notify you about changes to our service;to ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
Information we receive from other sources. We will combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you. We will use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive).
Disclosure of Your Information
You agree that we have the right to share your personal information with:
Any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006.Selected third parties including:
business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors if required for the performance of any contract we enter into with them or you;advertisers and advertising networks that require the data to select and serve relevant adverts to you and others. We do not disclose information about identifiable individuals to our advertisers, but we will provide them with aggregate information about our users (for example, we may inform them that 500 men aged under 30 have clicked on their advertisement on any given day). We may also use such aggregate information to help advertisers reach the kind of audience they want to target (for example, women in SW1). We may make use of the personal data we have collected from you to enable us to comply with our advertisers' wishes by displaying their advertisement to that target audience;analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our site;if relevant to our services, credit reference agencies for the purpose of assessing your credit score where this is a condition of us entering into a contract with you.
You agree that we have the right to share your personal information with:
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we will disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.If Wilsons Process Systems or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Profile Europe our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Where We Store Your Personal Data
The data that we collect from you will be transferred to, and stored at, a destination inside the European Economic Area ("EEA"). It will be processed by staff operating inside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers where necessary to provide any services or goods that you have ordered through our website. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Your Rights
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data. You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us at info@profileeurope.co.uk .We do not guarantee that our site, or any content on it, will always be available or be uninterrupted. We may suspend or withdraw or restrict the availability of all or any part of our site for business and operational reasons. We will try to give you reasonable notice of any suspension or withdrawal.You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access our site through your internet connection are aware of these terms of use and other applicable terms and conditions, and that they comply with them.Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Access to Information
The Act gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act. Any access request will be subject to a fee of £10 to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
Any changes we make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to info@profileeurope.co.uk .
This acceptable use policy sets out the terms between you and us under which you may access our website www.profileeurope.co.uk (our site). This acceptable use policy applies to all users of, and visitors to, our site.Your use of our site means that you accept, and agree to abide by, all the policies in this acceptable use policy, which supplement our terms of website use.www.profileeurope.co.uk is a site operated by PROFILE (EUROPE) LTD (we or us). We are registered in England under company number 10146949 and we have our registered office at Sunderland Software Centre, Tavistock Place, Sunderland, Tyne And Wear, United Kingdom, SR1 1PB.
Prohibited Uses
You may use our site only for lawful purposes. You may not use our site:
In any way that breaches any applicable local, national or international law or regulation.In any way that is unlawful or fraudulent, or has any unlawful or fraudulent purpose or effect.For the purpose of harming or attempting to harm minors in any way.To send, knowingly receive, upload, download, use or re-use any material which does not comply with our terms of use.To transmit, or procure the sending of, any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising or promotional material or any other form of similar solicitation (spam).To knowingly transmit any data, send or upload any material that contains viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time-bombs, keystroke loggers, spyware, adware or any other harmful programs or similar computer code designed to adversely affect the operation of any computer software or hardware.
You also agree:
Not to reproduce, duplicate, copy or re-sell any part of our site in contravention of the provisions of our terms of website use.Not to access without authority, interfere with, damage or disrupt:
any part of our site;any equipment or network on which our site is stored;any software used in the provision of our site; orany equipment or network or software owned or used by any third party.
Changes to the Acceptable Use Policy
We may revise this acceptable use policy at any time by amending this page. You are expected to check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we make, as they are legally binding on you. Some of the provisions contained in this acceptable use policy may also be superseded by provisions or notices published elsewhere on our site.