https://www.jnlplymouth.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Follow us on social media
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the relationship between John Nike Leisuresport Centre and all our customers
This Privacy Policy explains how Plymouth Snowsports Centre collects, uses, and discloses your personal data. The Privacy Policy applies to all services and products.
Your personal data – what is it?
Personal data relates to a living individual who can be identified from that data. Identification can be by the information alone or in conjunction with any other information in the data controller’s possession or likely to come into such possession. The processing of personal data is governed by [the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (the “GDPR”)].
Who are we?
Plymouth Snowsports Centre is the data controller (contact details below). This means it decides how your personal data is processed and for what purposes.
Plymouth Snowsports Centre complies with its obligations under the GDPR by keeping personal data up to date; by storing and destroying it securely; by not collecting or retaining excessive amounts of data; by protecting personal data from loss, misuse, unauthorised access and disclosure and by ensuring that appropriate technical measures are in place to protect personal data.
What information do we collect?
Name, address, contact number and email.
Billing details
Age (due to activity age restrictions/birthday parties)
Medical Information/Permission to administer first aid.
Purchase History
Signed Caution Forms for Ski and Snowboard Activities.
CCTV Footage
Accident Report Forms and supporting documentation.
How do we use the information?
We use your personal data for the following purposes:
To deliver the services that individuals have requested.
To contact our customers regarding timetable changes or cancellations.
To obtain customer demographic information for trend analysis/market research.
To enable us to administer, improve and develop our products and services.
To send occasional promotional emails and surveys using the email you provided, providing consent has been given.
For other reasonable purposes relevant to the information provided.
For legal claims, complaints and safeguarding.
What is the legal basis for processing your legal data?
Consent of the data subject.
Processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with the data subject or to take steps to enter into a contract: Contracts would be bookings made with Plymouth Snowsports Centre.
Processing is necessary for carrying out obligations under employment, social security or social protection law, or a collective agreement.
Processing is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims or where courts are acting in their judicial capacity.
Processing is necessary for the reasons of public interest in the area of public health.
Marketing
We would like to send you information about products and services of ours and other companies within our group which may be of interest to you. If you have consented to receive marketing, you may opt out at a later date by contacting us on the details below.
You have the right at any time to stop us from contacting you for marketing purposes or giving your information to other members of the group.
Sharing your personal data
Your personal data will be treated as strictly confidential and will not be distributed to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.
Data may be collected from a third party organisation or partner when required to fulfil our contract/service to you. Appropriate measures will be taken to ensure you have given consent for us to hold this data.
How long do we keep your personal data?
We will retain your information for a reasonable period, determined by the Data Controller, Swadlincote Ski and Snowboard Centre or for as long as the law requires. We have adopted company wide data retention guidelines which set out the time period for which different data is kept and this is reviewed periodically.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect.
Your rights to your personal data
Unless subject to an exemption [under the GDPR], you have the following rights with respect to your personal data:
The right to request a copy of your personal data which Plymouth Snowsports Centre holds about you;
The right to request that Plymouth Snowsports Centre corrects any personal data if it is found to be inaccurate or out of date;
The right to request your personal data is erased where it is no longer necessary for Plymouth Snowsports Centre to retain such data;
The right to request a restriction on further processing, where there is a dispute in relation to the accuracy or processing of your personal data;
The right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioners Office.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We keep our Privacy Policy under regular review and will place updated policy’s on this website. This policy was last updated on 17/05/2018.
If we wish to use your personal data for a new purpose, not covered by this Data Protection Notice, then we will provide you with a new notice explaining this new use prior to commencing the processing and setting out the relevant purposes and processing conditions. Where and whenever necessary, we will seek your prior consent to the new processing.
Cookies
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard internet log information and visitor behaviour information, this information is used to track visitor use to track visitor use to the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity.
For further information visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org
You can set your browser not to accept cookies and the above websites tell you how to remove cookies from your browser. Some websites may not function as a result
Other Websites
Our website contains links to other websites. This privacy policy only applies to this website so when you link to other websites you should read their privacy policy.
Contact Details
To exercise all relevant rights, queries or complaints please email jnl-bracknell@nikegroup.co.uk or write to Centre Manager, Plymouth Snowsports Centre Centre, Alpine Park, Plymouth, PL6 8LW – Devon, United Kingdom.
You can contact the Information Commissioners Office on 0303 123 1113 or via email https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/email/ or at the Information Commissioner’s Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire. SK9 5AF.
This website uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our Privacy PolicyAgree
Share This
Facebook
Twitter