https://www.southsidebusinessmensclub.com/southside-business-mens-club-privacy-policy/
Home
Members Login
Join Now
Jacksonville Florida’s Oldest Business and Civic Organization Founded in 1932
Upcoming Events
Newsletter
Contact Us
Jacksonville Business Club – Southside Business Men’s Club
Members Login
Find a Member
Join Now
Upcoming Events
Jacksonville Civic Organization Newsletter
Contact Us
History
Our History
Past Presidents
Leadership
Meet the President
Presidents Message
Chair Person’s Message
Officers
Board of Governors
Committees
Community Service
Our Community Service
Volunteer
Charities
Networking
Club Photo Gallery
Awards
Job Openings
Southside Business Men’s Club Privacy Policy
Southside Business Men’s Club and its affiliates respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it. We recognize the increased importance of electronic commerce and the growth of the Internet as a part of everyday business transactions. That’s why we maintain strict internal policies concerning your privacy. Southside Business Men’s Club provides this Privacy Statement to inform you of our Privacy Policy and practices and of the choices you can make about the way your information is collected online and how that information is used.
Questions regarding this statement should be directed to contact@sbmcjax.com
We’ve structured our Web Site so that, in general, you can visit Southside Business Men’s Club on the Web without identifying yourself or revealing any personal information.
However, Southside Business Men’s Club may ask you to register and provide information that personally identifies you, including when you register as a customer or purchase a product/service from Southside Business Men’s Club, download white papers, subscribe to email newsletters, or respond to a marketing campaign. The information gathered is used to enhance the user experience on our site and to identify frequent visitors.
We make this Privacy Policy notice readily available on our home page and at the bottom of every Southside Business Men’s Club Web page.
Some Southside Business Men’s Club Web pages may be P3P-enabled, which allows you additional control over your personal information.
Table of Contents
1. Sites covered by this privacy statement
2. Types of information we collect
3. Children’s privacy
4. How we use your information
5. Who we share your information with
6. Your choices
7. Your privacy preferences and opting out
8. Your information and third-party companies
9. Access to and accuracy of your information
10. Keeping your information secure
11. Changes to this Statement
12. Contacting us How Southside Business Men’s Club uses cookies and Web beacons on Southside Business Men’s Club and in related web sites:
Cookies. Southside Business Men’s Club uses software tags called “cookies” to identify customers when they visit our site. Among other things Cookies help us identify returning users so that we don’t ask them to register with every visit. They help us understand your buying preferences and customize our service to your needs. By understanding which areas of the site you visit, cookies allow us to present information, products and specials that are of personal interest.
Web Beacons
1. Sites covered by this Privacy Statement
southsidebusinessmensclub.com, sbmcjax.com, sbmccharity.org
2. Types of information we collect
We may collect information from the following sources:
Applications, questionnaires and other forms you submit, such as your name, address and date of birth
Web-based tools when you visit our Web sites, such as “cookies”
We may disclose the information described above to:
Companies in our corporate group
This Privacy Statement covers personal information, non-personal data collection and aggregate reporting.
Personal information
Personal information is information that is associated with your name or personal identity. Southside Business Men’s Club uses personal information to understand better your needs and interests and to provide you with better service. Once you choose to provide us with personal information, it will be used only to support your customer relationship with Southside Business Men’s Club Southside Business Men’s Club will not sell, rent or lease your personal information to others.
On some Southside Business Men’s Club Web Sites, you can access products or services, request information, subscribe to marketing or support materials, register yourself or your Southside Business Men’s Club products, or apply for a job at Southside Business Men’s Club The types of personal information you provide to us on these pages may include name, address, phone number, email address, user IDs and passwords, billing and transaction information, credit card information, contact preferences, educational and employment background, and job interest data.
To personalize our Web Sites, services or communications and improve our products and services, we may also ask you to provide us with information regarding your personal or professional interests, demographics, and experiences with our products or services. Providing this additional information is optional.
Non-personal information
Non-personal information is data about usage and service operation that is not associated with a specific personal identity. Southside Business Men’s Club collects and analyzes non-personal information to evaluate how visitors use the Southside Business Men’s Club Web Sites.
Non-personal data we collect may include the pages visited on the Southside Business Men’s Club Web Sites, unique URLs visited within Southside Business Men’s Club, browser type and IP address. Most non-personal data is collected via cookies or other analysis technologies. Southside Business Men’s Club Web pages use cookies, Web beacons and other technologies for data analysis and personalization services. Southside Business Men’s Club also places ads on other Web Sites that may use cookies.
We have safeguards to keep information confidential and secure:
We have up-to-date physical safeguards, such as secure areas in buildings; electronic safeguards, such as passwords and encryption; and procedural safeguards, such as customer authentication procedures to prevent ID theft.
We restrict access to information about you to only those employees who need to know that information to provide products or services to you.
We train our employees on these security procedures, and we conduct regular audits to check on compliance with the procedures.
3. Children’s privacy
Southside Business Men’s Club is committed to protecting the privacy needs of children and we encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children’s online activities and interests. Southside Business Men’s Club does not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13 and Southside Business Men’s Club does not target its Web Sites to children under 13.
4. How we use your information
Southside Business Men’s Club uses your personal information to provide you with services and to help us better understand your needs and interests. Specifically, we use your information to help you complete a application or order, to communicate with you, to provide service and support, to update you on services and benefits, to personalize promotional offers and to personalize some Southside Business Men’s Club Web Sites. Occasionally we may also use your information to contact you for market research regarding Southside Business Men’s Club products or services. We will give you the opportunity to choose your privacy preferences regarding such communications (see section 7, “Your privacy preferences and opting out”). Credit card information is used only for payment processing and fraud prevention. When you provide us with a credit card number (and other sensitive information), Southside Business Men’s Club will take commercially reasonable steps to protect this information through a secure connection with your web browser. Credit card numbers are only used for payment processing and are not retained for marketing purposes.
Sensitive personal information is collected only to facilitate our financial service providers’ credit decisions and will be shared with them only with your permission. Credit card information and sensitive personal data are not used for any other purpose by our financial services providers or Southside Business Men’s Club and will not be kept longer than necessary for providing the services, unless you ask us to retain your credit card information for future purchases.
You may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by sending email to us at optoutplease@sbmcjax.com.
Additionally, if you do not want Southside Business Men’s Club to contact you for marketing purposes by email, postal mail, fax and/or phone, you may opt out by sending email to us at contact@sbmcjax.com. Please provide us with your name and the information you wish to unsubscribe. Place the word UNSUBSCRIBE in the subject.
Southside Business Men’s Club will take appropriate steps to protect the information you share with us.
Personal data collected online may also be combined with information you provide Southside Business Men’s Club through other sources such as product registration, call centers or public events such as trade shows or seminars.
Personal data given to Southside Business Men’s Club may be transferred across state and country borders for the purposes of data consolidation, storage and simplified customer information management.
Non-personal data is aggregated for reporting about Southside Business Men’s Club Web Site usability, performance and effectiveness. It is used to improve the customer experience, usability and site content.
5. Who we share your information with
Southside Business Men’s Club will not sell, rent or lease your personal information to others. Southside Business Men’s Club will not share your personal information with third parties except in responding to your requests for products or services. Your permission will be requested when you submit your information. Southside Business Men’s Club shares customer information across Southside Business Men’s Club-affiliated business entities and companies working on our behalf, but only as described above in “How we use your information.”
Southside Business Men’s Club contracts with third-party service providers and suppliers to deliver complete products, services and customer solutions described in “How we use your information.” Suppliers and service providers are required to keep confidential the information received on behalf of Southside Business Men’s Club and may not use it for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for Southside Business Men’s Club. These service providers may change or we may contract with additional service providers to better accommodate our customers. Southside Business Men’s Club will not share personal information with any other third parties without your permission, unless required by law enforcement action, subpoena, or local law.
Southside Business Men’s Club or its related entities could merge with or be acquired by another business entity or some or all of their respective assets could be acquired. If such a combination or acquisition occurs, Southside Business Men’s Club will make every reasonable effort to notify you in the event we share with the merging or acquiring entity some or all of your personal information to continue serving you.
6. Your choices
Southside Business Men’s Club gives you the choice of receiving a variety of information that complements our products and services. You can subscribe to receive certain product- and service-specific information and Southside Business Men’s Club-wide marketing communications. Southside Business Men’s Club-wide communications may include new product information, special offers, or an invitation to participate in market research. We give you a choice regarding delivery of Southside Business Men’s Club-wide communications by postal mail, email and telephone. You can make or change your choices at the data collection point. Please refer to Section 7 for further instructions. We will make every effort to honor your preferences. This option does not apply to communications for the purpose of administering order completion, contracts, support, product safety warnings or updates.
7. Your privacy preferences and opting out
Non-subscription services
Southside Business Men’s Club will not use your personal information for a different purpose than the one stated when you provided your data. Examples of unrelated uses include sending communications about special offers, product information, and marketing messages.
You may tell us not to:
Disclose information about you outside our corporate group of companies, except we may disclose information as required or permitted by law.
Disclose credit data about you within our corporate group of companies; we do not disclose credit data outside our corporate group of companies.
Solicit you by mail, telephone, or email for products and services that are not directly related to your account and that are outside our regular communications with you (such as your monthly statement, customer service emails, or when you call our customer service center).
Subscription services
To opt-out of receiving communications you have expressly requested (such as email newsletters, software updates, etc.), email us at contact@sbmcjax.com .
PRIVACY AND SECURITY TIPS
Protect your information: Never give your Social Security number or personal credit information over the phone unless you initiate the call. Keep your personal identification number (PIN) and password in a safe place. Try to memorize your PIN and password and do not write them down with your account information.
Destroy or securely store your account records: Tear or shred receipts, bank statements, and unused credit card offers. Keep billing statements and other account-related documents in a safe place.
Regularly review your credit report: Order a copy of your credit report at least once per year and report any mistakes to the credit bureau agency and the creditor reporting the information. Keeping your credit report error free is important. Sometimes, there is a small fee for ordering your credit reports, but if you’ve been denied credit within the last 60 days, the credit report is free.
The three national credit bureau agencies are:
Equifax – www.equifax.org, 1-800-685-1111
Experian – www.experian.org, 1-888-397-3742
TransUnion – www.transunion.org, 1-800-916-8800
Check your billing statements: Review your statements thoroughly. Call all your creditors immediately if you notice incorrect transactions.
If you lose your credit card: Call all of your creditors immediately if you lose your credit card or suspect that someone has stolen your account information.
If you think you have been a victim of identity theft, contact your local government agency for additional information regarding your rights.
8. Your information and third-party companies
Certain Southside Business Men’s Club services are linked with those from unrelated third-party companies, some which offer you the option to share with both Southside Business Men’s Club and the third party personal data you provide. Examples include the ability to request communications from Southside Business Men’s Club marketing or solution partners, or to enable order completion through a reseller. We will not share your personal information with those third-party companies unless you make that choice.
9. Access to and accuracy of your information
Southside Business Men’s Club strives to keep your personal information accurate. We have implemented technology, management processes and policies to maintain customer data accuracy. We will provide you with access to your information, including making reasonable effort to provide you with online access and the opportunity to change your information. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity, such as a password and user ID, before granting access to your data. Certain areas of Southside Business Men’s Club’s Web Sites may limit access to specific individuals through the use of passwords and other personal identifiers.
The most effective way to view and change your personal information is to return to the Web page where you originally submitted your data and follow the instructions on that Web page.
10. Keeping your information secure
Southside Business Men’s Club is committed to protecting the information you provide us. To prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, to maintain data accuracy, and to ensure the appropriate use of the information, Southside Business Men’s Club has in place appropriate physical and managerial procedures to safeguard the information we collect.
We use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption when collecting or transferring sensitive data such as credit card information. SSL encryption is designed to make the information unreadable by anyone but us. This security measure is working when you see either the symbol of an unbroken key or closed lock (depending on your browser) on the bottom of your browser window.
Credit card numbers are used only for processing payment and are not used for other purposes.
11. Changes to this Statement
If there are updates to the terms of Southside Business Men’s Club’s Online Privacy Statement, we will post those changes and update the revision date in this document, so you will always know what information we collect online, how we use it, and what choices you have. For material changes to this Statement, Southside Business Men’s Club will provide notification to affected customers.
12. Contacting us
We value your opinions. If you have comments or questions about our privacy policy, please send them to contact@sbmcjax.com
Rev. February 2008
1. A URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is the global address of documents and other resources on the World Wide Web. For example, http://www.sbmcjax.com is the URL for Southside Business Men’s Club’s home page.
2. An IP address is an identifier for a computer or device on a Transmission Control Protocol/Internet Protocol (TCP/IP) network, such as the World Wide Web. Networks use the TCP/IP protocol to route information based on the IP address of the destination. In other words, an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web, allowing Web servers to locate and identify your computer. Computers require IP addresses in order for users to communicate on the Internet, browse and shop.
Sitemap
Bookmark
Contact Webmaster
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Payment Center
Suggestion Box
Copyright © 2020 Southside Business Men's Club.All Rights Reserved.