http://www.nastar.com/terms-of-service
Skip to main content
Log In
Results
Recent Races
Search Racer
Search Resort
Search Series
Search Team
Ranking
Race
Videos
Register
Nationals
Event Info
How to Qualify
Info
News
FAQ
Events
Contact
About
Newsletter Sign Up
Shop
Nationals
Search By
Name/Reg#
Search Nastar.com
Search
Search
Terms of Service
NASTAR PRIVACY POLICY
NASTAR PRIVACY POLICY
Introduction
The United States Ski Association dba U.S. Ski & Snowboard (“U.S. Ski & Snowboard”)  and its NASTAR brand are committed to providing constituents with information to maximize their interest in skiing and snowboarding, while protecting their privacy. U.S. Ski & Snowboard provides this notice explaining its policies for data collected through the Internet and other means.
About U.S. Ski & Snowboard
U.S. Ski & Snowboard is the national governing body for Olympic skiing and snowboarding. Founded in 1905, U.S. Ski & Snowboard provides leadership and direction for tens of thousands of young skiers and snowboarders who share an Olympic dream. As a company, U.S. Ski & Snowboard’s management and staff coordinate a nationwide program in seven distinctly different Olympic sports: alpine, cross country, freeskiing, freestyle, ski jumping, nordic combined and snowboarding. U.S. Ski & Snowboard is the umbrella organization that manages both the U.S. Ski Team, U.S. Freeskiing and U.S. Snowboarding. It also manages the NASTAR recreational racing platform.  U.S. Ski & Snowboard’s national administrative and athletics office is in Park City, Utah, with several athletic satellite or volunteer offices around the country.
U.S. Ski & Snowboard Websites
U.S. Ski & Snowboard currently operates the following web sites to which this policy applies:www.usskiandsnowboard.orgwww.usskiteam.comwww.ussnowboarding.comwww.usfreeskiing.comwww.nastar.com
In addition, U.S. Ski & Snowboard owns several other domain names that point to the websites listed above. From time to time U.S. Ski & Snowboard may add new sites that may not be listed above, but will provide a link to this policy.
U.S. Ski & Snowboard Data Management
U.S. Ski & Snowboard maintains strict protocols in the management of its data. Any suspected abuse of U.S. Ski & Snowboard’s privacy policy should be reported to U.S. Ski & Snowboard Data Management at the contact listed below.
U.S. Ski & Snowboard manages all of its company email transmissions exclusively through BlueHornet, a San Diego-based email marketing company that maintains extremely high anti-spam standards. http://www.bluehornet.com/
Providing Information to the U.S. Ski & Snowboard and NASTAR
Any persons providing information to the U.S. Ski & Snowboard and NASTAR do so voluntarily. Although information may be required to participate in some U.S. Ski & Snowboard activities, promotions or sales, participants provide that information voluntarily. The U.S. Ski & Snowboard collects information in conjunction with the following services:
Registering as a member of U.S. Ski & Snowboard or NASTAR
Purchasing products or services from U.S. Ski & Snowboard or NASTAR
Registering for a U.S. Ski & Snowboard or NASTAR sweepstakes or contest
Registering for U.S. Ski & Snowboard’s or NASTAR’s newsletters or other communications
Participating in message boards, chat rooms or other online services where registration is required
Communicating by any other means to U.S. Ski & Snowboard or NASTAR.
Collection of personal information for these services may include the collection of your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, date of birth, demographic information, age range, interests and/or credit card number. U.S. Ski & Snowboard/NASTAR needs to collect this information for management of its athletic programs, fulfilling purchases or prizes, providing requested communications, tracking/verifying compliance with U.S. Ski & Snowboard's policies and federal, state and local laws, and for feedback solicitation purposes.
U.S. Ski & Snowboard adheres to strict data management protocols. Those protocols vary based on the category of participation with U.S. Ski & Snowboard and NASTAR, as indicated below.
U.S. Ski & Snowboard and NASTAR Members
In order to conduct its athletic programs, U.S. Ski & Snowboard may share personal information including name, address, birth date and athletic background with U.S. Ski & Snowboard-registered clubs, event organizers and officials. This information is shared solely for the purpose of conducting U.S. Ski & Snowboard and NASTAR athletic programs. Name and address information only may be shared with third parties providing a product or service deemed by U.S. Ski & Snowboard to be of direct interest to U.S. Ski & Snowboard members’ pursuit of their athletic interests. Email addresses are never provided to third parties, although U.S. Ski & Snowboard itself, on behalf of its partners, or its regional or divisional offices, may distribute email addresses of members to its regions, divisions, clubs and other affiliated entities. Credit card or any other financial information is never shared under any circumstances. U.S. Ski & Snowboard members have the right to opt-out of any communications from U.S. Ski & Snowboard or third parties by contacting U.S. Ski & Snowboard Member Services. Any suspected abuse of this usage should be reported to U.S. Ski & Snowboard Data Management at the contact listed below.
Sharing NASTAR Information and Activities
Subject to your privacy settings, you may share your information, including your profile, username, photos, participants you follow and who follow you, clubs and resort teams you belong to your race results, medals and handicap information. If you link your NASTAR account to other social networks and share your activities, they will be viewable outside the Services. If you choose to share or post your location information via such third parties, it is possible that unintended people could have access to such information. You should use caution when sharing information via third parties and you should carefully review the privacy practices of such third parties.
How to Modify NASTAR Privacy Settings
NASTAR offers several features and settings to help you manage your privacy and how you share your activities. Most privacy settings are located in your profile page on NASTAR.com. NASTAR provides you the option to make your activities private and not be followed by other NASTAR participants. To manage your privacy settings, http://skiracing.nastar.com/user and log into your NASTAR profile.
Purchasing Products or Services
In order to accept orders for products or services, U.S. Ski & Snowboard and its agents may collect personal information including name, address and payment information, including credit card, for the purpose of delivering such products or services. Name and address information only may be shared with third parties providing a product or service deemed by U.S. Ski & Snowboard to be of direct interest to those purchasing the U.S. Ski & Snowboard’s products or services. Email addresses are never provided to third parties, although U.S. Ski & Snowboard and its partners may distribute information through the U.S. Ski & Snowboard to email addresses of those purchasing products or services. Credit card or any other financial information is never shared. Some of U.S. Ski & Snowboard’s product or service partners maintain their own privacy policy. As an example, the privacy policy for U.S. Ski & Snowboard’s primary online store can be found at the bottom of any page at: shop.usskiteam.com and shop.ussnowboarding.org. Persons wishing to opt-out of any future communications may contact U.S. Ski & Snowboard Data Management. Any suspected abuse of this usage should be reported to U.S. Ski & Snowboard Data Management at the contact listed below.
Registering for Sweepstakes or Contests
In order to manage sweepstakes or contests, U.S. Ski & Snowboard and its agents may collect name, address and email address. First-time registrants will also be asked to confirm their registration through an industry-standard double-opt-in registration process. U.S. Ski & Snowboard, in management of the sweepstakes or contest, may share that information only with sweepstakes or contest partners, and only with companies providing a product or service consistent with the interests of the sweepstakes or contest participants and adhering to a strict privacy policy that allows for unsubscribing or opting-out of any future communications. Every subsequent U.S. Ski & Snowboard email communications carries a simple opt-out or unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email. Persons wishing to opt-out of any future communications may contact U.S. Ski & Snowboard Data Management. Any suspected abuse of this usage should be reported to U.S. Ski & Snowboard Data Management at the contact listed below.
Registering for Newsletters and other Communications
In order to provide requested communications, including printed and online newsletters, bulletins and other communications, U.S. Ski & Snowboard may collect name, address and email address for the purpose of fulfilling communications. First-time registrants will also be asked to confirm their registration through an industry-standard double-opt-in registration process. Every subsequent U.S. Ski & Snowboard email communications carries a simple opt-out or unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email. Name and address information only may be shared with third parties providing a product or service deemed by U.S. Ski & Snowboard to be of direct interest to U.S. Ski & Snowboard members’ pursuit of their athletic interests. Email addresses are never provided to third parties, although U.S. Ski & Snowboard itself, on behalf of its partners, or its regional or divisional offices, may distribute information to email addresses of members. Persons wishing to opt-out of any future communications may contact U.S. Ski & Snowboard Data Management.
Any suspected abuse of this usage should be reported to U.S. Ski & Snowboard Data Management at the contact listed below.
U.S. Ski & Snowboard Telemarketing Programs
U.S. Ski & Snowboard may, on occasion, conduct telemarketing campaigns using information provided by persons to U.S. Ski & Snowboard, acquired through third parties, or acquired through telematching existing U.S. Ski & Snowboard databases. As a non-profit organization conducting fundraising operations, U.S. Ski & Snowboard is not bound by the Federal "do not call list."  Nevertheless, U.S. Ski & Snowboard maintains its own “do not call” list. Persons wishing to have their phone numbers placed on the do not call list may contact U.S. Ski & Snowboard Data Management. Any suspected abuse of this usage should be reported to U.S. Ski & Snowboard Data Management at the contact listed below.
Policies for Kids (Individuals Under 13 Years of Age)
U.S. Ski & Snowboard encourages parents and guardians to spend time online with their children and to participate in the activities offered on the sites. We encourage parents and guardians to take an active role to protect the privacy of their children and to prevent inappropriate use of information about their children. U.S. Ski & Snowboard's sites are directed to U.S. Ski & Snowboard's fan base and the general public and not specifically to children. U.S. Ski & Snowboard does not actively seek to collect personal information about children under 13 through its website and no information should be submitted to or posted at the U.S. Ski & Snowboard site by Guests under 13 years of age without the consent of their parent or guardian. Parents and guardians should instruct their children never to give out real names or any other identifying information over the Internet without first getting parental permission.  If a Parent or Guardian wishes U.S. Ski & Snowboard to delete any information provided to U.S. Ski & Snowboard by their under 13 year old child, decline to have that information shared with third parties, and/or opt out of any future collection or use of that information, they may contact U.S. Ski & Snowboard Data Management.
Use of IP Addresses
An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you're surfing the Web, allowing your computer to possibly be identified. U.S. Ski & Snowboard collects IP addresses for the purposes of system administration, to report aggregate information and to audit the use of its sites. U.S. Ski & Snowboard can and will use IP addresses to identify a user when it is necessary to enforce compliance with house rules, or terms of service, or to protect its service, site, customers or others.
Use of Cookies
To enhance users’ experience, many web pages on U.S. Ski & Snowboard’s sites use "cookies." Cookies are text files placed in your computer's browser to store your preferences. Cookies, by themselves, do not tell U.S. Ski & Snowboard your email address or other personally identifiable information unless you choose to provide this information to us by, for example, registering on the site. However, once you choose to furnish the site with personally identifiable information, this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie. The use of cookies is an industry standard – you'll find them at most major web sites. U.S. Ski & Snowboard may use the information from cookies to provide services better tailored to users’ needs.
Most browsers are initially setup to accept cookies. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, note that some parts of U.S. Ski & Snowboard's online services will not function properly or may be considerably slower if you refuse cookies.
You may occasionally get cookies from advertisers, sponsors or business partners. The use of advertising cookies sent by third-party servers is standard in the Internet industry. U.S. Ski & Snowboard does not control or take responsibility for these cookies.
Links to Other Sites
Some of U.S. Ski & Snowboard’s sites contain links to other sites whose information practices may be different. For example, if you "click" on a linked banner advertisement, the "click" may take you off U.S. Ski & Snowboard site(s). This includes links from advertisers, sponsors and partners that may use U.S. Ski & Snowboard logo as part of a co-branding or other agreement. These other sites may send their own cookies to guests, collect data or solicit personal information. U.S. Ski & Snowboard makes every effort to link only to sites that meet similar standards for maintaining each individual's right to privacy. However, U.S. Ski & Snowboard cannot control any of these links and is not responsible for any content appearing on sites linked to or from U.S. Ski & Snowboard's site(s), or for any personal information gathered at those sites. Guests should consult the other sites' privacy notices, as U.S. Ski & Snowboard has no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by these third parties. Children 13 and under should get parental permission before linking to other sites.
Security
The importance of security for all personally identifiable information associated with U.S. Ski & Snowboard’s Guests is of utmost concern. U.S. Ski & Snowboard exercises great care in providing secure transmission of your information from your computer to U.S. Ski & Snowboard’s servers. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100-percent secure. As a result, while U.S. Ski & Snowboard strives to protect your personal information, it cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to or from U.S. Ski & Snowboard’s online products or services, and you do so at your own risk. Once U.S. Ski & Snowboard receives your transmission, U.S. Ski & Snowboard makes its best effort to ensure its security on its systems. When credit card information is transmitted, U.S. Ski & Snowboard and its service partners use industry-standard SSL (secure socket layer) encryption.
Your Acceptance of These Terms
By usingU.S. Ski & Snowboard’s web site(s), including but not limited to NASTAR.com or registering to participate in any of its programs, you signify your assent to U.S. Ski & Snowboard's Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use U.S. Ski & Snowboard’s site(s), or register to participate in any of its programs. U.S. Ski & Snowboard reserves the right to delete information or to change its privacy policy at any time. Your continued use of this site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.
Contacting U.S. Ski & Snowboard About Application of this Policy
If, for any reason, you are concerned with the way U.S. Ski & Snowboard is using your information, if you believe that U.S. Ski & Snowboard has not adhered to these principles, or if you would like to correct or request that U.S. Ski & Snowboard cease from using such information, please contact U.S. Ski & Snowboard. U.S. Ski & Snowboard’s Data Management department provides centralized service for any data management questions or issues, including being placed on “do not mail,” “do not email” or “do not call” lists.
U.S. Ski & Snowboard Staff Management
U.S. Ski & Snowboard
Box 100
1 Victory Lane
Park City, UT 84060
Member Data Management
Sheryl Barnes
Member Services Director
435.647.2013
sbarnes@ussa.org
NASTAR Data Management
NASTAR & Global Reach Sports
855.912.5965
nastarsupport@ussa.org
Web Management
Jon Larson
Information Technology Director
435.647.2029
jlarson@ussa.org
U.S. Ski & Snowboard Data Management Services Providers
BlueHornet Networks, Inc
1775 Hancock St., Suite 280
San Diego, CA 92110
619.295.1856
Legal Disclaimer
All information that U.S. Ski & Snowboard provides on its site(s) or by any other means is for informational and directional purposes only; it does not address specific circumstances of any particular entity; it is not necessarily complete, accurate or up to date; it is not a professional or legal advice (a company should seek opinions of qualified professionals). Hence, U.S. Ski & Snowboard disclaims its responsibility for any loss, however arising, from the use of or reliance on this information.
Footer
About
Contact
Feedback
Policies
Terms of Use
U.S. Ski & Snowboard
Staff Login
Copyright © 2020 NASTAR. All rights reserved.