http://www.skatepark.org/privacy-policy/
What information is collected?
When registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address or phone number. We collect this information from you when you place an order or fill out a form.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
How do you protect my confidential and personal information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and encrypted, only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. We also store some information in our company database, only to be accessed by those authorized with special access rights to our systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. After a transaction, your credit card information will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies?
Yes, like most websites, cookies are used and/or web beacons to enhance your experience, gather general visitor information, and track visits to our website. (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience using your information to help us to better respond and meet your individual needs
To improve our website, and offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To improve customer service and your needs for the best online experience, and to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site features and product availability
To send periodic emails
Note: You may at any time unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email and on our website.
Third party links
Occasionally, with our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. However, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
Tony Hawk Foundation
1611-A S. Melrose Dr. #360
Vista, CA 92081