http://www.ccmariners.com.au/mariners-privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Mariners Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
1. Central Coast Mariners Football Club
Central Coast Mariners Football Club [ABN 93 111 321 674] of  Central Coast Mariners Centre of Excellence, Suite 303/ 1 Bryant Drive Tuggerah NSW is a football club that competes in the Hyundai A-league. Central Coast Mariners Football Club (referred to in this policy as we, us, the Club and CCM) is committed to managing your information in a secure and responsible manner and in accordance with the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth).  This policy sets out the way in which CCM collects, uses and discloses personal information and also explains your rights and how to contact us.
2. Your Personal Information
2.1          In the course of its operations, CCM may collect, use and disclose the personal information of players, ticketholders, administrators, participants and other individuals for the purpose of membership, communications and as further described in the remainder of this Policy. In each case, the precise nature of the collection, use and disclosure of personal information by CCM depends on the services you request and receive from, and your interaction with, CCM.
2.2          The types of personal information held by CCM may include your name, address, phone numbers, email address, date of birth, gender, occupation and social media details.  Depending on the services you receive from CCM, CCM may also collect and hold details of about your participation history, membership history as well as your credit card information, and details of the items ordered or purchased from CCM.
2.3          In certain circumstances, CCM may collect information about your health or other sensitive information about you (for example, information about your racial or ethnic origin or information about your physical health).  CCM may use health information about you to ensure that football programs in which you participate are run safely and in accordance with any special health needs you may have and for insurance purposes.  CCM may also use health information as required by the FFA Statutes, including medical and anti-doping testing and investigations.
2.4          In addition, CCM may use de-identified health information and other sensitive information to carry out research, to prepare submissions to government or a government body or to plan events and activities.  De-identified information is information which has been aggregated or otherwise de-identified so that it cannot be used to identify you or any other individual.
2.5          When you provide CCM with personal information, this Policy will apply to the manner in which the information is collected, used, disclosed and stored by CCM.  If you chose not to provide certain personal information, CCM may not be able to communicate with you.  It may also affect CCM’s ability to provide you with the products and services you require.  For example, you may not be able to register as a member of the CCM or participate in some of the activities on the CCM network of websites (including www.ccmariners.com.au, www.ccmariners-memberships.com.au, and any related websites which link directly to this Policy (collectively, the Club Sites)) if you do not provide certain personal information.
3. Collecting Your Personal Information
3.1          Personal information about you may be collected by CCM from you or from a third party.  CCM uses forms, online portals and other electronic or paper correspondence to collect this information.
3.2          For example, CCM may collect personal information from you:
(a)           via the CCM Sites;
(b)           when you provide it to CCM by filling in forms approved by CCM from time to time;
(c)           when you contact CCM
(d)           when you engage with CCM via social media;
(e)           when you subscribe to receive CCM related newsletters or other information; or
(f)            when you enter a competition that involves or is, being conducted by, or on behalf of, CCM.
3.3          CCM may also collect personal information about you from third parties, including:
(a)           from ticketing agents and event organisers, when you purchase tickets to a football related event;
(b)           from vendors, when you purchase a CCM membership package or CCM related merchandise;
(c)           CCM corporate partners, licensees, sponsors, suppliers and broadcasters (CCM Partners);
(d)           your representatives;
(e)           Football Federation Australia (FFA), or an FFA Member Federation, association, club and/or a competition administrator registered with FFA from time to time (Football Administrators); and
(f)            the organisations identified under section 5 (Disclosing Your Personal Information) below.
4. Using Your Personal Information
4.1          CCM may use the personal information collected about you in a variety of ways, including:
(a)           to verify your identity;
(b)           to organise, conduct and promote CCM matches, programs and other events (including for the purpose of distributing newsletters, providing information and making ticket offers);
(c)           to develop programs, activities, events, products, services and merchandise relating to the CCM;
(d)          to provide you with information about our products and services, including information about tickets, merchandise and special offers, or which we reasonably believe may be of interest you;
(e)          to investigate and take action in the event that applicable laws or regulations are breached, including terms of admission and codes of conduct;
(f)           to carry out market research and surveys;
(g)         to contact you if you win a prize in a competition you have entered and to send the prize to you; and
(h)         any use that is reasonably apparent at the time the information is collected.
4.2        CCM may also use the personal information collected about you:
(a)         to administer, manage and improve the CCM Sites and to provide you with access to those CCM Sites;
(b)         to ensure that content from the CCM Sites is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
(c)         to allow you to participate in interactive features of a CCM Site, when you choose to do so;
(d)         for direct marketing communications from CCM in relation to products, services, tickets, merchandise and special offers made available by CCM or our respective CCM Partners.  You will be able to opt-out of direct marketing at any time if you so choose, by utilising the unsubscribe feature on electronic marketing communications, or in the case of other direct marketing materials by contacting the CCM Privacy Officer in accordance with section 10 below;
(e)         where permitted by CCM, to enable CCM Partners who have a relationship with CCM to market and promote their products and services to you. You will be able to opt-out of direct marketing at any time if you so choose, by utilizing the unsubscribe feature on electronic marketing communications, or in the case of other direct marketing materials by contacting the CCM Privacy Officer in accordance with section 10  below; and
(f)          any use that is reasonably apparent at the time the information is collected.
5. Disclosing Your Personal Information
5.1        CCM may also share your personal information with third parties in relation to the operation of CCM’s business including:
(a)         CCM related bodies corporate;
(b)         Football Administrators;
(c)         Fédération Internationale de Football Association and its members, including the Asian Football Confederation;
(d)         the Australian Sports Anti-Doping Authority, Australian Institute of Sport and/or Australian Olympic Committee;
(e)         third party service providers, such as ticketing agents and IT providers;
(f)          CCM insurers;
(g)         CCM professional advisors, including our accountants, auditors and lawyers;
(h)         as required or authorised by law or where we have a public duty to do so, including for purposes of safety and security;
(i)          where you have consented to your personal information being disclosed to others;
5.2        If you receive a product or service from, or your information is otherwise collected by, a third party, such as a CCM Partner or Football Administrator, the relevant third party may have a separate privacy policy which applies to their collection, use and disclosure of your personal information. You should refer to that privacy policy for further details about how the relevant third party may collect, process, use, store and disclose your information and how you can contact the relevant third party if you have any queries, or wish to make a complaint, about their handling of your personal information.
6. CCM Sites, Cookies and Other Technologies
6.1        If you visit a CCM Site, CCM may record information such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, the CCM Site pages accessed and any information downloaded.  This information is used for statistical, reporting and website administration and maintenance purposes, including identifying usage trends, to track users’ movements around the CCM Sites and to gather demographic information about CCM users collectively.
6.2        Like many other websites, the CCM Sites may use ‘cookies’ from time to time. A cookie is a piece of information that allows us to identify and interact more effectively with your device. The cookie helps CCM to maintain the continuity of your browsing session and remember your details and preferences when you return.  You can configure your web browser software to reject cookies however some parts of our website may not have full functionality in that case.
6.3        In some cases FFA and its third party service providers may use cookies and other technologies such as web beacons and JavaScript on the CCM Site in connection with online services like banner advertising, website analytics and surveys to collect information about your use of an FFA Site.  The use of these technologies allows CCM and its third party service providers to evaluate a user’s use of a CCM Site, deliver customised advertising content, measure the effectiveness of the advertising and provide other services relating to website activity and internet usage.  The services we may use from time to time include Google Analytics, Nielsen, AdTech, Omniture and Facebook.  You can find more details in the privacy policies for those services, including information on how to opt-out of certain conduct.
6.4       When we send you emails or other electronic messages, CCM may record where you open the message and click on particular links. This helps us to better understand what information is of interest to you.
7. Protecting Your Personal Information
7.1       CCM takes the security of personal information seriously.  CCM has appointed a Privacy Officer to oversee CCM’s management of personal information in accordance with this Policy and the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth).
7.2       CCM takes reasonable steps to protect the security and privacy of your personal information. CCM has directed its staff that personal information must be dealt with in accordance with this Policy and kept secure from unauthorised access or disclosure.
7.3       If you are considering sending us any other personal information through a CCM Site or other electronic means, please be aware that the information may be insecure in transit, particularly where no encryption is used (e.g. email, standard HTTP).  Any transmission is therefore at your own risk.  Once CCM has received your personal information, CCM will take reasonable steps to protect all personal information within its direct control from unauthorised access.
7.4      Where CCM has given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of a CCM Site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential.  CCM suggests that you do not share the password with anyone and to change it regularly.
8. Disclosing Your Personal Information Abroad
8.1      CCM will store personal information on data servers that are controlled by CCM and are located within the geographical borders of Australia where reasonably possible. However, in some circumstances the personal information that CCM collects may be disclosed to certain recipients, and stored at certain destinations, located outside Australia from time to time.  For example, your personal information may be transferred outside of Australia if any of CCM’s servers from time to time are located outside Australia or if one of CCM’s service providers or suppliers is located in a country outside Australia.  As at the date of this Policy, CCM utilises service providers and suppliers in China.  CCM may also disclose your personal information outside of Australia in accordance with section 5 (Disclosing Your Personal Information).
8.2      In all cases, by providing your personal information to us or using our services, you consent to the disclosure of your personal information outside Australia as set out in this Policy, and acknowledge that CCM is not required to ensure that overseas recipients handle your personal information in compliance with Australian privacy law.  However, where practicable in the circumstances, CCM will take reasonable steps to ensure that overseas recipients use and disclose such personal information in a manner consistent with this Policy. You may have rights to enforce such parties' compliance with applicable data protection laws, but you may not have recourse against those parties under the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) in relation to how those parties treat your personal information.
9. Access to and Correction of Your Personal Information
9.1      CCM takes However, the accuracy of that information depends on the information you provide.  CCM recommends that you let us know if there are any errors in your personal information and keep us up-to-date with changes to your personal information such as your contact details.
9.2      contact the CCM Privacy Officer to submit an enquiry to access the personal information CCM holds about you.
9.3      If you provided your personal information via a CCM Site, you can also update your personal information at any time by logging onto the relevant CCM Site and submitting the updated information.
10. Opting Out of Direct Marketing Communications
You can opt out of receiving further messages or communications from CCM at any time by following the unsubscribe instructions in the message sent to you.  If you wish to unsubscribe from communications CCM send you, you can also send an email to info@ccmariners.com.au
11. Changes To This Policy
We may modify, alter or otherwise update this Policy at any time by publishing the new version of the Policy on the CCM Sites.  We will indicate any changes by updating the date of this Policy.  If you have any questions about this Policy, please contact the CCM Privacy Officer using the details below.
12. Contacting the CCM Privacy Officer and Making Complaints
12.1      You may contact the CCM Privacy Officer by writing to info@ccmariners.com.au http://info@ccmariners.com.au or The Privacy Officer, Central Coast Mariners FC, PO Box 5422 Chittaway Bay NSW 2261.
12.2      You may complain about our collection, use or disclosure of your personal information by contacting the CCM Privacy Officer using the contact details above with your full name and contact details, together with a detailed description of the complaint. We will respond to your complaint within a reasonable period of time and inform you of the next steps we will take in dealing with your complaint.  If we are unable to resolve your complaint, we will inform you of the steps available to you in those circumstances.
Latest News
More News
1607657126
Your guide to Carols on the Coast!
We are excited to be hosting a 2020 Carols event at Central Coast Stadium on Sunday 20 December, which kicks off with a trial match between your Central Coast Mariners and the Young Socceroos.
We've created a guide so you know what to expect on the day, and to make the most of
1607467917
Stefan Nigro signs with the Mariners
A-League Chamionship winning defender Stefan Nigro has signed with the Central Coast Mariners for the upcoming A-League 20/21 season.
The 24-year old Ballarat born Nigro has played 35 games with Melbourne Victory and Brisbane Roar since debuting in 2015/16, including the 2017/
1607402072
Join us for our first trip to Campbelltown Stadium!
We are headed to Campbelltown Stadium for our first clash against the Macarthur Bulls on Sunday 3 January 2021, and bookings for our supporter buses are now open!
With an option of the Party Bus or a premium coach thanks to Shuttle Bus Central Coast, there is an option to suit
1607304789
'There were plenty of tears that day': Mariners more than a club for member Martin Rayner
A deep affiliation with football in Gosford made becoming a founding Central Coast Mariners member an easy decision for Martin Rayner.
Originally from the UK, Rayner moved to Australia in the 1980's to start a new life on the Central Coast, and just as it did in his early yea
1607054200
Mariners to host Carols on the Coast this December!
The Central Coast Mariners are excited to launch Carols on the Coast at Central Coast Stadium on Sunday, December 20th.
A-League 2019/20
A-League 2019/20
#
Club
P
W
D
L
PTS
Sydney FC
26
16
5
5
53
Melbourne City FC
26
14
5
7
47
Wellington Phoenix
26
12
5
9
41
Brisbane Roar FC
26
11
7
8
40
Western United FC
26
12
3
11
39
Perth Glory
26
10
7
9
37
Adelaide United
26
11
3
12
36
Newcastle Jets
26
9
7
10
34
Western Sydney Wanderers FC
26
9
6
11
33
Melbourne Victory
26
6
5
15
23
Central Coast Mariners
26
5
3
18
18
See Full Ladder
Latest Videos
See More Videos
1607651300
Pre-Season Week 10 | Alen Stajcic Media
1607651296
Pre-Season Week 10 | Stefan Nigro Media
1607145560
Pre-Season Week 9 | Alen Stajcic Media
1606096860
Pre-Season Week 7 | Ziggy Gordon Media
1606095085
Pre-Season Week 7 | Alen Stajcic Media