http://www.bccc.bc.ca/privacy-policy
Join
Donate
Sponsor
About Us
Our Work
Programs
News & Events
Back
Become a Member
Individual Membership
Organization Membership
Back
Profile
Board of Directors
Staff
Member Organizations
Committees
Our Sponsors
Contact Us
Back
About Active Transportation
AT Policy
Cycle Highways
Cycle Tourism
e-Bike PST Exemption & Rebates
Highway Safety
Motor Vehicle Act Reform
Protecting The Great Trail
Reporting Road Hazards
Back
Bike Sense
Kids on Wheels
Education Resources
Back
BCCC Blog
Cycling News in BC
Annual General Meetings
Subscribe to News
In Memoriam
Privacy PolicyThe British Columbia Cycling Coalition (BCCC) is committed to maintaining your trust and confidence. It is our explicit policy not to rent, sell, or trade our mailing lists. We follow the Privacy Act and Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA) set forth by the Canadian government.Privacy PracticesPersonal and confidential information gathered by our organization is kept in strict confidence. Our employees, volunteers and contractors are authorized to access personal information based only on their need to deal with the information for the reason(s) for which it was obtained. Safeguards are in place to ensure that the information is not disclosed or shared more widely than is necessary to achieve the purpose for which it was gathered. All employees contractors, volunteers and board members commit to abide by our privacy policy prior to any access to personal information.Donation and payment informationThe BCCC uses PayPal to ensure the integrity and privacy of the personal and credit card information you provide when you make an online donation or register for an event. We maintain records of all contributions to the BCCC. All information is kept private and confidential, stored in a secure location and accessible only by authorized personnel.Email AddressWe never trade or sell email addresses. In compliance with Canada's Anti-Spam Legislation, if you supply us with your email address or other personal information and give your explicit permission to be contacted, we use them only to provide you with information from the BCCC including updates, action requests, volunteer opportunities, event notices and donation requests. If you do not want to receive such email messages, you may opt out at bccc.bc.ca/unsubscribe. We may also use your email address to send you BCCC related notices required by law such as notice of Annual General Meetings, in lieu of communication by postal mail. You also agree that we may send you responses to and confirmation of your activities on bccc.bc.ca, including donations, event registration and membership purchase on bccc.bc.ca to the email address you give us, in accordance with any applicable privacy settings.Mailing AddressIf you supply us with your mailing address and give your permission to be contacted, you may receive periodic mailings from us. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by sending e-mail to info@bccycling.ca, by calling us at 604.670.4421, or by writing to us at the address below. Please provide us with your exact name and address, and we will remove your name from our confidential list.How We Use Your InformationWe use the personal information you submit to operate, maintain, and provide to you the features and functionality of bccc.bc.ca.Information We CollectUser-Provided Information: You provide us information about yourself, such as your name and e-mail address, if you register for a bccc.bccc.ca account (including by “following,” “liking,” linking your account to bccc.bc.ca, etc., on a third party website or network). If you correspond with us by email, we may retain the content of your email messages, your email address and our responses. We may also retain any messages you send through bccc.bc.ca. You may provide us information in user content you post to bccc.bc.ca.Third Party ServicesThe BCCC uses the SquareSpace platform to organize our community of members, supporters and prospects. You can read more about that company and its features and policies at SquareSpace.com. When you visit bccc.bc.ca, SquareSpace may send one or more cookies - a small text file containing a string of alphanumeric characters - to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser and lets SquareSpace help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through bccc.bc.ca. A cookie does not collect personal information about you. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive after you close your browser. Persistent cookies may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the site. Persistent cookies can be removed by following your web browser’s directions. A session cookie is temporary and disappears after you close your browser. You can reset your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some features of bccc.bc.ca may not function properly if the ability to accept cookies is disabled. Account TerminationFollowing termination or deactivation of your BCCC account, the BCCC may retain your profile information and user content for a reasonable time for archival purposes or as required by law. Furthermore, the BCCC may retain and continue to use indefinitely all information (including user content) contained in your communications to other users or posted to public or semi-public areas of bccc.bc.ca after termination or deactivation of your account.User ContentThe BCCC reserves the right, but has no obligation, to monitor the user content you post on bccc.bc.ca. We reserve the right to remove any such information or material for any reason or no reason, including without limitation if in our sole opinion such information or material violates, or may violate, any applicable law or to protect or defend our rights or property or those of any third party. The BCCC also reserves the right to remove information upon the request of any third party.How We Share Your InformationPersonally Identifiable Information: the BCCC will not rent or sell your personally identifiable information to others. The BCCC may share your personally identifiable information with third parties for the purpose of providing bccc.bc.ca services to you. If we do this, such third parties’ use of your information will be bound by this Privacy Policy. We may store personal information in locations outside the direct control of the BCCC (for instance, on servers or databases co-located with hosting providers).Any personal information or content that you voluntarily disclose for posting to bccc.bc.ca, such as user content, becomes available to the public, as controlled by any applicable privacy or website customization settings. If you remove information that you posted to bccc.bc.ca, copies may remain viewable in cached and archived pages, or if other users have copied or saved that information.Except as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy, the BCCC will not disclose personal information to any third party unless required to do so by law or subpoena or if we believe that such action is necessary to (a) conform to the law, comply with legal process served on us or our affiliates, or investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities; (b) to enforce this policy, take precautions against liability, to investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations, to assist government enforcement agencies, or to protect the security or integrity of our site; and (c) to exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of bccc.bc.ca, our users or others.How We Protect Your InformationThe BCCC cares about the integrity and security of your personal information. We cannot, however, ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to the BCCC or guarantee that your information on the service may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. Your privacy settings may also be affected by changes to the functionality of third-party providers, such as social networks. The BCCC is not responsible for the functionality or security measures of any third party.To protect your privacy and security, we take reasonable steps (such as requesting a unique password) to verify your identity before granting you access to your account. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information, and for controlling access to your email communications from the BCCC, at all times.Compromise of Personal InformationIn the event that personal information is compromised as a result of a breach of security, the BCCC will promptly notify those persons whose personal information has been compromised, in accordance with the notification procedures set forth in this Privacy Policy, or as otherwise required by applicable law.Your Choices About Your InformationYou may, of course, decline to submit personally identifiable information through bccc.bc.ca, in which case the BCCC may not be able to provide certain services to you. You can review and correct the information about you that the BCCC keeps on file by contacting us directly at info@bccycling.caChanges to Our Privacy PolicyIf we change our privacy policies and procedures, we will post those changes on www.bccc.bc.ca to keep you aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we may disclose it. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, please contact us at info@bccycling.ca, or send mail to:British Columbia Cycling CoalitionPO Box 47104RPO City SquareVancouver, BC, CanadaV5Z 4L6