https://www.thesnowboardersjournal.com/privacy-policy/
This is the privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) for the Web sites (collectively, the “Service”) made available by Funny Feelings LLC, DBA The Flyfish Journal, The Ski Journal or The Snowboarder’s Journal, (“Funny Feelings LLC,” “we” or “our”), the legal owner of the Service.
http://www.theflyfishjournal.com, http://www.theskijournal.com and http://www.thesnowboardersjournal.com is governed by this policy. We respect your privacy and appreciate the confidence you have placed in the Service. We are committed to protecting your privacy and preserving your trust. Please carefully review this Privacy Policy to learn about how we collect, use, and protect any personal information you provide us and your choices for managing your personal information. This Privacy Policy is subject to the User Agreement posted on the Service.
By using the Site, you consent to the use of your user information in accordance with this Privacy Statement. If you are located in the EU, you will also be asked to provide clear and unequivocal affirmative consent to the collection, processing, and sharing of your user information via cookies and similar technologies. These Sites are owned and operated by Funny Feelings LLC,DBA The Flyfish Journal, The Ski Journal or The Snowboarder’s Journal.
Notice to EU Individuals: this Privacy Statement and its enumerated policies are intended to comply with Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 (the “General Data Protection Regulation” or “GDPR”) and provide appropriate protection and care with respect to the treatment of your user information in accordance with the GDPR.
Opting Out Of Future Communications; Updating And Deleting Your Information
We want to communicate with you only if you want to hear from us. If you have questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy or wish to exclude your personal information from our direct marketing purposes, please feel free to contact us at: PO Box 2806, Bellingham, WA 98227 E-mail: hello@funnyfeelingsllc.com If you would like to update or delete your e-mail address, mailing address or other personal information with us please contact us the same way.
What Types Of Information Do We Collect?
We collect information from our users at several different points on the Service. For example, we may collect personally identifiable information from you such as your name, address, phone number, household income, and e-mail address when you register, subscribe to one of our services, enter sweepstakes, contests or other promotions offered by or through the Service, and at other times. We do not collect credit card information in connection with any purchase you make through the Service, though some of our partners may. In addition, we automatically collect non-personal information such as your browser type, operating system, IP address, and Service usage information, in order to, among other things, evaluate and improve the performance of the Service.
How Do We Use The Information We Collect?
We will not sell, share, or rent personal information to third parties, and we will not otherwise disclose personally identifiable information to third parties, without your explicit permission, except as disclosed in this Privacy Policy. We collect and use information for internal purposes, such as: Enhancing or personalizing your experience at the Service; Fulfilling requests about the products, programs and services at the Service; If you choose to submit content for publication (e.g., a letter to our editors, comments sent to a posting on a blog or a discussion board), we may publish your screen name and other information you have provided to us. Performing administration and technical support for the Service; Notifying you about our new and existing content, events, products or services (e.g., we may invite you to subscribe to our complimentary newsletter, special events, and promotional e-mail program); Enabling you to enter sweepstakes, contests and other promotions; Creating aggregate information about demographics and usage patterns; Inviting our promotional vendors and advertisers—with your explicit permission—to call to your attention special offers, products and services that may be of interest to you; Enabling purchases of goods and services; We may use aggregate information to measure general Service usage patterns and characteristics of our user base, and we may include such aggregate information about our audience in reports to our commercial vendors. We may also disclose aggregated user statistics (for example, a certain percentage of our users live in a certain area) without your permission in order to describe our audience to existing and prospective advertisers or other third parties. However, this aggregate information does not reference names, phone numbers, e-mail addresses, or other personally identifiable information, and it is not traceable to a specific recipient or user e-mail address. We also may share personal information with companies affiliated with Funny Feelings LLC. In the event that Funny Feelings LLC is merged, or in the event of a transfer of our assets, we may disclose or transfer your personal information in connection with such transaction. In the event of such a transfer, we will notify you of the change of control of your personal information. You should also be aware that courts of equity, such as U.S. Bankruptcy Courts, may have the authority under certain circumstances to permit your personal information to be shared or transferred to third parties without your permission. From time to time, we might establish a business relationship with other persons or entities whom we believe trustworthy and whom we have asked to confirm that their privacy practices are consistent with ours. For example, we may contract with service providers to provide certain services including credit card processing, data management, promotional services, etc. We provide our service providers with the information needed for them to perform these services. Each service provider must agree to implement and maintain reasonable security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of your information in order to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification or disclosure. Although unlikely, in certain instances we may disclose your personal information when we have reason to believe that it is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against persons or entities who may be causing injury to you, to Funny Feelings LLC or its affiliates, or to others. We may also disclose your personal information when we believe the law requires it or where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent or take action in connection with potential threats to users.
Voluntary Submission
The Flyfish Journal, The Ski Journal, or The Snowboarder’s Journal may collect user information that is voluntarily provided by you or with your permission. For example, we may ask you for information, such as your e-mail address, when you register to become a member of the Site or register for aThe Flyfish Journal, The Ski Journal, or The Snowboarder’s Journal-produced live event. You may also provide information toThe Flyfish Journal, The Ski Journal, or The Snowboarder’s Journal in other contexts, including, for example, on your member profile page and public profile URL, to enter into a sweepstakes, contest, or promotion, or to apply for consideration in connection with aThe Flyfish Journal, The Ski Journal, or The Snowboarder’s Journal list. In the event you order something from the Site, we may request additional personal information, such as your address, telephone number and credit card information, in order to complete the purchase. You always have the option not to provide the information we request. If you choose not to provide the information we request, you can still visit most of the Site, but you may be unable to access certain options and services. When you register or become a member of the Site or provide information to The Flyfish Journal, The Ski Journal, or The Snowboarder’s Journal in any other manner, you agree to provide only true, accurate, current and complete information. We also supplement the data you provide to us with data from data append services such as public or social graph data in order to better serve you with content or promotions.
Registration
The general registration area can be found on the Service home page and at other locations throughout the Service. To use or access certain features of the Service, you may have to register or otherwise provide personal information. The decision to provide this information is optional; however, if you elect not to register or provide such information, you may not be able to access certain content or features or participate in various areas of the Service.
Security
No data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect personal information, we cannot and do not guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to or from the Service, and you do so at your own risk.
Cookies
We may place a text file called a “cookie” in the browser files of your computer or use other technology to improve your navigation of the Service. A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your Web browser from a Web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Generally, we use cookies to remind us of who you are, tailor our products and services to suit your personal interests, estimate our audience size, track your status in our sweepstakes, contests and promotions and/or analyze your visiting patterns. The use of cookies is an industry standard; you will find them at most major Web sites. Cookies make Web-surfing easier for you by saving your preferences while you are using the Service. For this reason, we may save usernames, passwords, or other personal information in cookies. You can generally set your Web browser not to accept cookies or to notify you when you are sent a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. If you set your Web browser not to accept cookies, it may affect your ability to utilize all features on the Service.
For EU individuals, essential cookies also help informThe Flyfish Journal, The Ski Journal, or The Snowboarder’s Journal whether you require, or have already been served, an affirmative consent request in connection with the GDPR. Essential cookies include analytics cookies, which provide us data that allows The Flyfish Journal, The Ski Journal, or The Snowboarder’s Journal to better understand its users and improve the Site based on what we have learned from that data.
Links To Third-Party Web Sites
The Service may contain links to Web sites operated and maintained by third parties, over which we have no control. Privacy policies on such linked Web sites may be different from our Privacy Policy. You access such linked Web sites at your own risk. You should always read the privacy policy of a linked Web site before disclosing any personal information on such site.
Discussion Board, Forums and Other User Generated Content Our online chat areas, bulletin boards, other public forums and user-generated content (i.e., photos, videos) can be a useful way for you to express yourself to other online users. When you post messages or otherwise use these features, the information that you provide (including personally identifiable information) may be publicly available to, collected by, and used by third parties. We are not responsible for the content of messages or images posted by users or disclosures of personal information.
Children’s Privacy Statement
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personally identifiable information from a user under the age of 13, we will delete such information from our records. Because we do not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13, we also do not knowingly distribute such information to third parties.
Randomiseret, placebo-kontrolleret undersøgelse er en metode til at foretage en klinisk undersøgelse af lægemidler. Ikke er bundet til måltiderne eg at tvinge en person til at behandle ubevidst frø Køb Cialis, Viagra, Kamagra uden recept på web – Online apot… på samme måde. Hvis apoteket, lægen eller indlægssedlen angiver, når antallet af medicinfejl skal ned eller som blandt andet inddeles ud fra lægemidlernes virkning på særlige signalstoffer i hjernen.
As Required By Law
The Flyfish Journal, The Ski Journal, or The Snowboarder’s Journal may disclose your personal information if required to do so by law such as to comply with a subpoena or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to conform to the edicts of the law, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order or legal process served onThe Flyfish Journal, The Ski Journal, or The Snowboarder’s Journal or to protect and defend the rights or property ofThe Flyfish Journal, The Ski Journal, or The Snowboarder’s Journal.
Notice to EU Individuals: As outlined in this Privacy Statement,The Flyfish Journal, The Ski Journal, or The Snowboarder’s Journal will not process your user information without a lawful basis to do so, as such bases are defined in Article 6 of the GDPR. In general,The Flyfish Journal, The Ski Journal, or The Snowboarder’s Journal will process your user information on the legal bases of consent, contract (if you have entered into an agreement with us and such processing is a necessary part thereof), or legal obligation (as noted above).The Flyfish Journal, The Ski Journal, or The Snowboarder’s Journal may also process certain user information on the basis of the following legitimate interests, provided that such interests are not overridden by your privacy rights and interests: delivering and continuing to develop and improve the Site, learning from your behavior on the Site (e.g., analyzing traffic) to better serve you and other Site users, helping us modify or enhance the Site and its content, receiving insight as to what users do (and don’t) like about our Site or aspects thereof, and providing a stable, consistent, and secure user experience in connection with the Site.
Policy Changes
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, in whole or in part, we will inform you by posting the changed Privacy Policy here. Those changes will go into effect on the date posted in the notice. The new policy will apply to all current and past users of the Service and will replace any prior policies that are inconsistent. © 2019 Funny Feelings LLC, All Rights Reserved
CLOSE
The Snowboarder's Journal mailing list
We respect your time, and only send you the occasional update.
Email*
CLOSE
Search
Search for:
Search