http://www.ballinteggartstud.com/_privacy
Skip to Content
Ballinteggart Stud
Home
About Us
Location
Crusheen Comet (CPBS)
Masurenfuerst
(Trak)
Song Of Freedom
(CPBS)
A.I. Centre
Resident Brood Mares
Progeny
Connemara Brood Mares
Connemara progeny
Gallery
Contact Us
Our Cookie Policy
A cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes a unique identifier that is sent to your computer or mobile phone
browser from a website's computer and is stored on your device. Each website can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser's preferences allow it, but (to protect your privacy) your browser only permits a website to access the cookies it has already sent to you, not the cookies sent to you by other websites. Many websites do this whenever a user visits their website in order to track online traffic flows.
As a visitor, you are able to edit your browser settings to accept all cookies, to notify them when a cookie is issued, or not to receive cookies at any time. The last of these means that the website might not work properly. Each browser is different, so check the Help menu of your browser to find out how to change your cookie preferences.
When you visit this website, the pages you see, along with a cookie, are downloaded to your device. Many websites do this, because cookies enable website publishers to do useful things like find out whether the device (and probably its user) has visited the website before. This is done on a repeat visit by checking to see, and finding, the cookie left there on the last visit.
Third Party Cookies
During your visit, you may notice some cookies that are not related to this site. When you visit a page with content embedded from, for example, YouTube or Flickr, you may be presented with cookies from these websites. We do not control the dissemination of these cookies. You should check the third party websites for more information about these.
How to control and delete cookies
We will not use cookies to collect personally identifiable information about you. However, if you wish to restrict or block the cookies which are set by this website, or indeed any other website, you can do this through your browser settings. The Help function within your browser should tell you how.
Alternatively, you may wish to visit www.aboutcookies.org which contains comprehensive information on how to do this on a wide variety of browsers. You will also find details on how to delete cookies from your computer as well as more general information about cookies. For information on how to do this on the browser of your mobile phone you will need to refer to your handset manual.
Please be aware that restricting cookies may impact on the functionality of this website.
The cookies we use
PHPSESSID - this is used to identify you to the site between page loads. We do this to help to verify that a real person is browsing the site rather than a robot. This is useful to ensure the security of web forms.
Google Analytics - This is a service used both by us and PagePlay as our website providers to monitor traffic levels on the site and its pages. Google stores the information collected by the cookie on servers in the United States. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
How to block the Google Analytics cookie
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Third Party Services - YouTube, Facebook or other plugins which appear on the pages of this site may set their own cookies. Please see those services for their own policy on cookies.
© Ballinteggart Stud, 2020 - Simple Content Management by PagePlayCookie policy