https://www.billericaytownfc.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Click Here for Covid 19 New Lodge Match Day Protocol
Home
Fixtures
Results
Squads
BTFC TV
Match Photos
Youth
Women
Online Tickets
Club Shop
Live Stream
Contact
Privacy Policy
Billericay Town FC, whose principle place of business is at: Billericay Town Football Club, New Lodge, Blunts Wall Road, Billericay, Essex. CM12 9SA
Your Privacy
Billericay Town Football Club does not take and keep any personal information about individuals who access this website, except where voluntarily given to us in the shape of e-mail addresses, home addresses or phone numbers when placing an order for products for dispatch.
In these cases the personal information you provide is used only by Billericay Town Football Club for providing the ordered product via this website.
Billericay Town Football Club will NOT pass on any personal information to outside organisations or individuals unless you have given us express permission to do so.
At Billericay Town FC, we are committed to maintaining the trust and confidence of our visitors to our web site. In particular, we want you to know that Billericay Town FC is not in the business of selling, renting or trading email lists with other companies and businesses for marketing purposes. We just don’t do that sort of thing.
Google Analytics
When someone visits www.billericaytownfc.co.uk we use a third party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make, and do not allow Google to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website.
Mailing Lists
As part of the registration process for our monthly e-newsletter, we collect personal information. We use that information for a couple of reasons: to tell you about stuff you’ve asked us to tell you about; to contact you if we need to obtain or provide additional information; to check our records are right and to check every now and then that you’re happy and satisfied. We don’t rent or trade email lists with other organisations and businesses.
We use a third-party provider, MailChimp, to deliver our newsletter. We gather statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies to help us monitor and improve our e-newsletter.
Access to your personal information
You are entitled to view, amend, or delete the personal information that we hold. Email your request to webmaster@billericaytownfc.co.uk
Use of Cookies
A cookie is a small text file containing information that a web site transfers to your computer’s hard disk for record-keeping purposes and allows us to analyse our site traffic patterns. It does not contain chocolate chips, you cannot eat it and there is no special hidden jar. A cookie cannot give us access to your computer or to information beyond what you provide us. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies; consult your browser’s manual or online help if you want information on restricting or disabling the browser’s handling of cookies. If you disable cookies, you can still view the publicly available information on our web site. If you are using a shared computer and you have cookies turned on, be sure to log off when you finish.
Links to Other Web Sites
Our web site contains links to information on other web sites. On web sites we do not control, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information that you provide while visiting those sites. Those sites are not governed by this Privacy Policy, and if you have questions about how a site uses your information, you’ll need to check that site’s privacy statement.
Updating Your Personal Information and Unsubscribing
You can unsubscribe to general mailings at anytime of the day or night by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of our weekly emails or by emailing webmaster@billericaytownfc.co.uk Your Consent By using our web site, you consent to the collection and use of the information you provide to us as outlined in this Privacy Policy. We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time and without notice, so make sure you check back occasionally. If we change our Privacy Policy, we will publish those changes on this page. If you have any questions or concerns about our collection, use or disclosure of your personal information, please drop us a line at webmaster@billericaytownfc.co.uk
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We have the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy and you will be able to see these changes when you visit this page. If there has been any changes that have been made you will be able to see the change in date from when it was written.
This Privacy Policy was written on 10th May 2018.
Football
Fixtures
News
Players
Staff
Ladies
Colts
About BTFC
MEMBERSHIP
Match Day Sponsorship
Match Ball Sponsorship
Pitch Side Advertising
Location
SHOP
Delivery and Returns
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
CONTACT
Telephone: 01277 286 474
General Enquiries:
info@billericaytownfc.co.uk
Tickets:
sales@billericaytownfc.co.uk
Press:
press@billericaytownfc.co.uk
Media:
media@billericaytownfc.co.uk
Marketing:
marketing@billericaytownfc.co.uk
© Copyright 2018 Billericay Town Football Club
Pin It on Pinterest
Share This
Facebook
Twitter
Google+
LinkedIn
Billericay Town FC uses cookies to improve your experience from our website. Find out more.Okay, thanks