http://www.leinsterttleague.net/privacy-cookie-policy
Privacy Policy
We do not collect any personal data about website visitors, except for information submitted using the blog comments section. Any information emailed to us is not made available to any third parties and is used solely for the purposes for which it is provided. We will take all reasonable precautions to prevent the loss or misuse of any personal information.
Cookie Policy
Cookies are small text files that may be stored on your computer, that contain data related to website visits. This sites uses cookies from Google Analytics to monitor usage of the website. The information collected includes technical data on users such as browser type and IP address, but does not include personally identifiable data. This information helps us improve the site, by tracking what pages are opened most often. For more information on Google Analytics, and the expiration and names of their cookies, click here. If you would like to opt out of these cookies, there is a browser plugin that you can use here.
Contact Information
Contact details for team captains, club secretaries and stewards are posted on the website at the start of each season. If you any queries about how personal data is processed via this website, or if you require any information updated or deleted, please contact us.
Changes to our Statement
Any updates to our privacy and cookie policy will be posted on this page. This page was last updated in May 2018.
Latest News 16th Nov 2020
Condolences 3rd Sep 2020
AGM & New Season Deferred 25th Jun 2020
Return to Play Protocols2019/20 Quicklinks
League Groups, Directory, Fixtures
2019 Shield Bulletin
Season Schedule
New Scoresheet for 2019/20 season
Contact Us General Enquiries:
Denis Kelly
086 076 0717
info@leinsterttleague.net
Website / Match Results:
website@leinsterttleague.net
Sponsored by PingZone – Table Tennis Equipment - Exclusive DONIC, Nittaku & Newgy supplier
10% discount on new 40+ plastic training & competition Nittaku & DONIC balls for all clubs playing in the Leinster League
BUY NOW at shop.PingZone.ie - call Roman at 085 788 6910 / 01 443 3137 or email shop@PingZone.ie