https://www.chaletfinder.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Subscribe
Advertise
Menu
Privacy Policy
Home /
Privacy Policy
In Findmea.com Ltd Online Sites we are committed to protect and respect your privacy in compliance with EU- General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), dated 25th May 2018. This privacy statement explains when and why we collect personal information, how we use it, the conditions under which we may disclose it to others and how we keep it secure. This Privacy Statement applies to the use of our products and to our sales, marketing and customer contract fulfilment activities. It also applies to individuals seeking a job in Findmea.com Ltd Online Sites.
Privacy
Findmea.com Ltd Online Sites treat customer details with the highest degree of respect & confidentiality. We do not share your details with any 3rd party and only use your details to help us answer your enquiries or to send periodic e-mail offers to those who have opted in. The Findmea.com Ltd Online Sites website does not use cookies to store your information. Please contact us if you require any further details of our Privacy Policy.
GDPR
At Findmea.com Ltd Online Sites, we are GDPR compliant by ensure your data is stored safely (Salesforce CRM), only used in a method you have agreed too and communicating with you with your best interest in mind.
When Do We Use Your Data
When you interact with us in person, through correspondence, by phone, by social media, or through our websites.
We may collect personal data if it is considered to be of legitimate interest, and if this interest is not overridden by your privacy interests. Before data is collected we make sure an assessment is made, ensuring that there is an established mutual interest between you and Findmea.com Ltd Online Sites.
Why do we collect and use personal data?
We collect and use personal data mainly to perform direct sales, direct marketing and customer service. We also collect data about suppliers, partners and persons seeking a job or working in our company.
We may use your information for the following purposes:
Send you marketing communications which you have opted-in. These may include information about our properties and services, events, activities, and promotions of our associated partners’ products and services. This communication is subscription based and requires your consent.
Perform direct sales activities in cases where legitimate and mutual interest is established.
Follow up on incoming requests (customer support, emails, chats, or phone calls).
Perform contractual obligations such as order confirmation, license details, invoice, reminders, and similar. The contract may be with Findmea.com Ltd Online Sites directly or with a Findmea.com Ltd Online Sites partner.
Notify you about any disruptions to our services (system messages).
Contact you to conduct surveys about your opinion on our products and services.
Process a job application.
Summary
Your privacy is very important to us. We will never misuse or sell your data to anyone. We ensure any data we hold is stored securely.
Full Statement
This privacy policy sets out how Findmea.com Ltd Online Sites uses and protects any information that you give Findmea.com Ltd Online Sites when you use this website.
Findmea.com Ltd Online Sites is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using our services or our website, then you can be assured that it will only be used by this privacy statement.
Findmea.com Ltd Online Sites may change this policy from time to time by updating this page, and you should check this page to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy was last updated on the 12/11/2018.
Who Are We
Findmea.com Ltd Online Sites is a privately-owned UK company specialising in advertising accommodation worldwide.
Choose a catered chalet, hotel or self-catered apartment and choose our approved affiliates to build your holiday. Select flights and transfers if required, and add ski passes, equipment hire, lessons - all to suit your plans.
Any personal information provided to or gathered by us is controlled by Findmea.com Ltd Online Sites ("Findmea.com Ltd Online Sites", "We", "Us"), a company registered in England at 3 Slaters Court, Knutsford, WA16 6BW.
Data Security
Data security is of the utmost importance to us, and we are committed to ensuring the information we collect from you is secure. To prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online and offline.
Information that you provide to us when registering on our website, using our mobile application, completing a booking form, filling response cards, subscribing to mailing lists, entering competitions, participating in market research and when contacting us both on and offline including:
Name, address, contact information including phone and email
Subscription and demographic information such as preferences, interests, age and family information.
Information relating to your holidays such as reviews, blogs, image or video uploads, questionnaire data, holiday enquiries and brochure or marketing requests
Information relating to quoting and booking a travel service, including information regarding family and travel companion(s) such as names, emergency contacts and special service needs, such as any disability or medical or dietary restrictions (which may disclose your religious beliefs), passport information, dates of birth, insurance information, visa information, nationality and country of residence.
Information relevant to customer surveys, competitions, feedback, offers and market research.
We do not store financially sensitive information such as credit card numbers, bank details or security numbers.
Information automatically received by us when you use the website, access our marketing information or contact us by email or phone including browsing, purchase and search history. We may also use software tools such as Google Analytics to measure and collect session information, length of visits to certain pages, repeat visits and page interaction information (such as clicks and mouse movements).
The domain and IP address that your computer uses to connect to the internet; your computer, browser, operating system, internet connection, referral information, search terms and other standard information collected by default by tools such as Google Analytics.
Telephone information including phone numbers, call duration and call recordings that we use for training and quality control.
Third party information about you from other sources which we may add to our account information. For example, we update address information using data from the Royal Mail "Change of Address" File, which we may use to correct our records.
Gathering Information
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping, auditing and regulation purposes.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send targeted promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided. This is always with your best interest in mind.
We may use the information for marketing purposes to display adverts on our or other websites based on your prior visits to our website, preferences and contact with Findmea.com Ltd Online Sites.
We may use your information to contact you for market research purposes.
We may use the information to personalise and customise the content of our website according to your interests.
We may contact you by email, phone or mail unless requested otherwise.
Who Else Can See Your Data
To respond to your holiday request or booking we may need to disclose some of your information to our partners including approved property owners and affiliates.
To maintain and understand our data as accurately as possible to give you the best possible guest experience, we may occasionally use the services of external specialist companies for data cleaning and data analysis. In this case, we only use carefully selected companies within the UK and data is protected by a non-disclosure agreement and data is not stored after any work has been completed.
Please be aware that due to the nature of our business and the internet, information and data you provide may be transferred outside the country where it is submitted to us. If you are submitting information or data from a country within the European Economic Area (EEA) it is possible that it may be transferred outside the EEA, where data privacy regulations may differ from within the EEA.
Controlling Your Personal Data
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
You may unsubscribe using the links on our marketing emails or you may contact us to unsubscribe for any or all marketing activity by clicking the unsubscribe button which is found on all emails.
You may request details of any personal information which we hold about you by contacting our data manager at any time.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the address below. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Links To Our Website
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide while visiting third-party sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Consent
By using this website, you accept this privacy policy. By providing your data, you consent to the use, processing, storing, transferring and disclosing of your information and data referred to in this policy statement for the purposes set out in this privacy policy statement.
Email enquiries@chaletfinder.co.uk or call us on 0161 408 0441 to start planning your next ski holiday!
If you are a registered property owner and believe that we are storing incorrect details relating to you, please email us at office@chaletfinder.co.uk and we will correct them as soon as possible. This information is stored in a central database, controlled by our administrative staff and will be accessible electronically. Security measures are in place to ensure that our customers' data is not accessible by any unauthorised persons. However, IT personnel and administrative staff may need to have access to the system from time to time. We may use the information you provide to tell you about other offers from Findmea.com Ltd.
Subscribe to our newsletter
Please note that you are contracting with the advertisers of the properties on your own terms and for their potential rental of a property and Chaletfinder.co.uk disclaims all liability (as provided for in law) in respect of communications, transactions and payments carried out between you and the advertisers of the properties.
ACCOMMODATION
Chalets
Hotels
Apartments
Luxury Chalets
Special Offers
Short Chalet Breaks
Cookie Policy
Data Protection Policy
ADVERTISING
Advertise with ChaletFinder
Advertiser Login
Advertiser Terms
FAQs
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Covid Policies
Contact Us
Home
Accommodation
Chalets
Hotels
Apartments
Luxury Chalets
Special Offers
Short Breaks
Destinations
Special Offers
Blog
Advertise
Covid Policies
Contact Us
Jump to FMA:Go
Subscribe:
×
Subscribe to our newsletter
×
Book with Confidence
In this uncertain environment, we understand that you may appreciate some added flexibility. For 2020/21 bookings, many of our owners are now offering flexible booking conditions and reduced deposits due to Covid related issues to give you complete peace of mind and keep things as simple as possible.
View all Covid-19 Booking Terms
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. Please view our Cookie Policy for more details.OK