https://www.uneartheduk.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policyiadmin2018-02-15T11:05:48+00:00
Unearthed UK – Client Privacy Policy
We respect and are committed to protecting your privacy. This privacy policy lets you know how your personal information is collected and used, both by Unearthed UK and our clients who use our hosted application. We have created this privacy policy so that you can understand the care with which we intend to treat your personal information.
Information Collection and Use
We do not store or share financial information with third parties. In co-operation with our clients, Unearthed UK collects lists of data including personal information with the purpose of delivering permission-based email campaigns to those lists. Unearthed UK hosts these client lists on our servers.
Our hosted application works in concert with this privacy policy to ensure that no sharing or disclosure of list data including personal information can occur between clients or to third parties. Unearthed UK is contractually bound with each of our clients to maintain the privacy and integrity of their campaign data to include all personal information, tracking data and analytical data.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
Unearthed UK will never use, sell, share, disclose or rent any internal or customer supplied data to any clients, prospects, or other third parties.
Cookies & Other Tracking Technologies
Some of our client’s Web pages utilise “cookies” and other tracking technologies such as a single pixel gif. Unearthed UK use single-pixel gif images, to count web page accesses and gather some general statistical information such as if an email has been opened or read, for and on behalf of that client only. Collected information is tied to the user’s personally identifiable information to provide offers and improve the content of the site for the user by the client. This profile is used to tailor a user’s visit to the client’s websites, and to direct pertinent marketing promotions to them. We do not share these profiles or details of any information gathered with any third parties.
Confidentiality and Security
Unearthed UK warrants that all customer data remains the property of our customers. We also will not use, rent, sell, transfer, or otherwise expose the contents of the tracking information resulting from click through, message opened, message read, or e-commerce conversions. Unearthed UK provides an SSL encrypted, password-protected mechanism for viewing and extracting customer data. Unearthed UK maintains all customer data in a secure facility protected by firewalls and other security devices.
Unsolicited Commercial Email (SPAM)
Unearthed UK is committed to providing a permission-based model for email marketing. To that end we can a strict anti-spam policy for all of our clients. Unearthed UK clients are explicitly prohibited from sending any unsolicited material to recipients who have not expressed their permission to receive communications from our clients.
Additionally, Unearthed UK services may only be used for lawful purposes and may not violate any UK or international laws.
These policies are part of our broader reaching Acceptable Use Policy that each of our clients are contractually bound to. Violation of this policy will lead to a speedy termination of all access to the Unearthed UK application, servers and network.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
Questions and Suggestions
If users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at:
Phone: 07870 623028
Email: sales@uneartheduk.co.uk
Address: Unearthed UK, 14 Goose Green, Dalton in Furness, Cumbria, LA15 8LQ
Website: https://uneartheduk.co.uk/
Get in Touch!
Contact Us
Unearthed UK: 14 Goose Green, Dalton-in-Furness, Cumbria, LA15 8LQ
Telephone: 01229 463 857 / 07870 623028
Email: uneartheduk@gmail.com
Opening Times: Mon - Sat / 9:00 AM - 5:00 PM
Latest Posts
A warm Welcome to the Unearthed You-Tube Channel.
April 6, 2020
Unearthed welcomes the new range of Minelab Vanquish Detectors
March 9, 2020
Unearthed Minelab Event
July 25, 2019
Follow Us
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Instagram
Sign Up To The Unearthed UK Emag
I understand that my email may be used for marketing purposes.
Leave this field empty if you're human:
© Copyright 2020. Unearthed UK. All Rights Reserved.
Sign Up To The Unearthed UK Emag