http://www.stragglers.org/privacy
Data Privacy Policy
Introduction
The Stragglers Running Club is the owner of this website and we are committed to processing and protecting personal data in accordance with the Data Protection Act (DPA) 1998 up to 24 May 2018 and the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) on and from 25 May 2018 (Data Protection Legislation).
The website is maintained by The Stragglers Running Club and, for the purposes of data protection legislation, The Stragglers Running Club is the data controller.
This policy explains how the information we collect is used and kept securely as well as our legal basis for doing so. It also explains your privacy choices when using our website as well as your right to access your information under Data Protection Legislation.
The information we collect
We collect the following information through our online membership form: -
·         name, date of birth, gender, email address, address, telephone numbers, which of the sports members are interested in, health information, EA number (for members registered with England Athletics) - (Athletics Data).
·         Any emergency contact, health or allergy information you wish to record
·         For Junior members (under the age of 18) we also collect the name, email address and telephone number of a guardian.
We collect and publish on the website the results of races in which our members have taken part. This includes name, age category, and may include photographs of the event.
Members can view and maintain their own personal Athletics Data by logging into the club’s membership system https://stragglers.clubbuzz.co.uk and accessing their profile.
How we use information
We will collect and process Athletics Data for the legitimate purpose of administering the club and members involvement in club activities.
This may include:-
i)         To assist the Stragglers Running Club committee in the running of the club
ii)       To notify members about events or information which The Stragglers Running Club think will be of interest
iii)      To seek volunteers for events that The Stragglers Running Club organise
iv)      To notify members about the Annual General Meeting or other meetings.
v)       To remind members when club subscriptions are due.
vi)      To be facilitate selection for teams and other activities
vii)    To deal with members’ requests and enquiries.
viii)   To register members with England Athletics, unless they choose not to become affiliated
ix)      To enter members in races where they are part of a Stragglers Running Club team
x)      To facilitate communication between members of a Stragglers Running Club squad, such as a relay team
We will share personal information where necessary to achieve (viii) -  (x) above but will not share it with any other 3rd parties except our selected data processor (ClubBuzz Ltd).
Protecting information
The data that we collect is stored on The Stragglers Running Club’s membership system which is in turn hosted by ClubBuzz Ltd. Access to the data is password protected and limited to a small number of designated administrators. We also protect the security of data using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption technology.
Where personal data is downloaded to PCs to facilitate the running of the club, this is done on an “as needed” basis and is not retained longer than is needed.
By submitting personal data, members agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
Finding out what information The Stragglers Running Club holds
Under the Data Protection Legislation, members can ask to see any personal information that we hold about them. Such requests are called subject access requests. Members can view their data on-line or make a subject access requests by contacting the club’s Data Controller:
Data Controller
The Stragglers Running Club
The Hawker Centre,
Lower Ham Road,
Kingston, Surrey,
KT2 5BH
Email: datacontroler@stragglers.org
Data retention
We will retain Athletics Data for such time as a member belongs to The Stragglers Running Club. When a member resigns from the club, is removed for non-payment of subscriptions, or is removed for any other reason, their Athletics Data will be retained on our membership system for no longer than the end of the membership year following their removal.
Race results and photographs from races and club events will be retained indefinitely.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We regularly review our Privacy Policy and updates will appear on this page when necessary. This Privacy Policy was last updated in January 2019.
Contacting The Stragglers Running Club about this Privacy Policy
Any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy should be addressed in writing to the Data Controller at the above address.
Join our club
Contact us today if you are interested in finding out more about our club either as a runner, coach or volunteer.
Get in touch
Advertisers Area
Details of Data Controller are
Name:
Data Controller
Email:
datacontroller@stragglers.org