http://www.yorkshireccc.com/privacy
Skip to content
This website uses cookies (including tracking technologies) to improve user experience and provide appropriate information. If you continue on this website you will be providing your consent to our use of these. You can see our cookies and learn how to manage them. Find out more.
Dismiss
Privacy Policy
— 11 May 2018 Privacy Policy of Yorkshire County Cricket Club Limited. Updated August 2018
Yorkshire County Cricket Club Limited (“We”) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy (together with our terms of use and any other documents referred to on it) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us.
The General Data Protection Regulation ((EU) 2016/679) (GDPR) (effective 25th May 2018) gives data subjects (living individuals in respect of whom personal data is processed) enhanced rights and protections in relation to their personal data.
We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of the users of our services.
Therefore, we have updated our Privacy Policy so we are completely clear as to what personal data we collect, why we collect that personal data and how we handle it.
We, Yorkshire County Cricket Club Limited of Emerald Headingley Cricket Ground, Kirkstall Lane, Headingley, LS6 3DP are the Data Controller (as that term is defined in data protection legislation).
Please read the privacy policy carefully. By visiting our website (www.yorkshireccc.com) you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this policy.
1.	What information do we collect from you?
We may process the following data about you:
1.1	Information you give us.
What personal data might you supply to us?
How and why we process your personal data:
Customer Account information: Information about you which relates to your, or your employer’s account with us. This information may include your name, your email address and your telephone and/or mobile number.
We will process this data to maintain your account with us, to provide our services to you, to communicate with you and to back up our database.
The reason we process this data is to ensure the proper administration of your account and our business (our legitimate interest) and, where you have entered into a contract with us, for the purposes of fulfilling our contract with you.
Registration Information: Information you provide when you register to use our website, participate in discussion boards or other social media functions on our site, enter a competition, promotion or survey, become a member of Yorkshire County Cricket Club and when you report a problem with our site. The information you give us may include your name, address, e-mail address and phone number.
We will process this data so we can deal with your registration, or other communications or applications, or to address your query or concern.
The reason we process this data is to ensure the proper administration of your registration and our business (our legitimate interest).
Transaction Data: If you purchase products and/or services from us, you will need to provide certain information to us so that we can supply those products / services to you.
The information you supply to us may include your name, your contact details, your card details and other information relevant to your transaction.
We will process that data in order to perform our contract with you and to fulfil the transaction.
This is also our reason for processing the data (our legitimate interest).
Communication Data: If you communicate with us, we may process the information contained in your communication.
This information may include your name and contact information, the content of your communication and any metadata our website generates where you communicate with us using the contact form available on our website.
We will process that information so we can correspond with you and keep records of such correspondence.
The reason we are processing this data is to ensure the proper administration of our business (our legitimate interest).
Notification Data: Where you have purchased products/services from us, or where you subscribe to receive our newsletters and email updates, we will process your data so that we can send email updates and/or newsletters to you.
If you prefer not to receive such communications please contact us using the contact information in section 10.
The legal basis for us processing this data is that you have consented to such processing or to ensure the proper administration of our business (our legitimate interest).
Regulatory Data: We may process your data if we need to do so in order to comply with our legal and/or regulatory obligations, so that we can protect the vital interests of you or another natural person.
The reason we will process such data is to protect the vital interests of you or another natural person.
1.2	Information we collect about you.
With regard to each of your visits to our website we will automatically collect the following information:
(a)	technical information, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform. We will obtain this data through our analytics tracking system.
We process this data so we can monitor and analyse how our website is used so we can improve our website and our services;
(b)	information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL), clickstream to, through and from our website (including date and time), products you viewed or searched for, page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), methods used to browse away from the page. We process this data so we can monitor and analyse how our website is used so we can improve our website and our services.
1.3	Information we receive from other sources.
This is information we receive about you if you use any of the other websites we operate or the other services we provide. These websites include:
(1)	The website of our community and charitable arm, Yorkshire Cricket Foundation (Yorkshirecircketfoundation.com). Yorkshire Cricket Foundation is a registered charity that delivers community projects across the county. Using the power of cricket, Yorkshire Cricket Foundation aims to make a lasting, positive impact on those living in Yorkshire.
You can link to Yorkshire Cricket Foundation’s privacy policy by clicking here.
(2)	Yorkshire Cricket Board (www.Yorkshirecb.com).
The Yorkshire Cricket Board is the governing body for recreational cricket in Yorkshire. You can link to the Yorkshire Cricket Board’s privacy policy by clicking here
(3)	Pro Coach Yorkshire (www.procricketcoachingacademy.com).
Pro Coach Yorkshire Cricket is the official coaching partner and provider for Yorkshire County Cricket Club. You can link to Pro Coach Yorkshire Cricket’s privacy policy by clicking here.
We are also working closely with third parties (including, for example,
sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers, search information providers, credit reference agencies).
We may receive personal data about you from these organisations.
Those organisations will have their own privacy policies detailing how they process personal data.
2.	Cookies
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site. For detailed information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them see our Cookie policy.
3.	When will we disclose your personal data to others?
3.1	We may need to share your personal information with members of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries.
These terms are defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006. We will only share such personal information where this is necessary for the purposes set out in this policy.
3.2	We may share personal information with Yorkshire Cricket Foundation, Yorkshire Cricket Board and/or Pro Coach Yorkshire (all referenced above in section 1.3).
Yorkshire Cricket Foundation, Yorkshire Cricket Board, Pro Coach Yorkshire and Yorkshire County Cricket Club are a group of organisations which work together closely to promote grass roots cricket in Yorkshire.
As well as hosting cricket matches and events, the organisations work together to engage children, young people and adults in cricket and build awareness of and accessibility to cricket.
We may share personal information between these organisations to achieve such objectives.
3.3	We may need to share your personal information with certain selected third parties including:
(a)	our business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the purpose of performing any contract we have with you or them. In particular, we use third party companies to process your personal data in order to provide technology support services and delivery services;
(b)	 analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our website;
(c )	credit reference agencies for the purpose of assessing your credit score where this is a condition of us entering into a contract with you.
3.3	We will also disclose your personal information to third parties in the following circumstances:
(a)	If we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may need to disclose certain personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
(b)	If all or most of our assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by us about our customers will be one of the transferred assets.
(c )	If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce any legal agreement we have with you; or to protect our rights or property, or the safety of us, our customers, or others.
This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
4.	Where do we store your personal data?
We will always try to ensure that your personal data is processed within the European Economic Area.
In some circumstances this will not be possible.
In circumstances where it is necessary for us to transfer your personal outside the European Economic Area, we will only transfer such personal data to third parties where we have carried out due diligence on such third parties to ensure they will protect your personal data using similar standards and safeguards as we have.
We will also have contractual provisions in place with such third parties to ensure your personal data is protected.
Such contractual provisions will be based on the standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission for the transfer of data outside the EEA or such other appropriate standards as are required from time to time by the European Commission or the UK Government.
You consent to the transfer of your personal data outside of the EEA, as long as we comply with these requirements.
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, and we will maintain appropriate technical and organisation measures to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our website; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
5.	Storage and deletion of personal data
(a)	We will only retain your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes for which we collected it which will include satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements. Any personal data that we process will be deleted from our systems once we have completed the purpose for which we were processing the personal data. In some cases, the purpose for which we are processing your personal data will last for a considerable period (for example, if you are a long term customer of ours, we will need to store your data until our relationship with you comes to an end).
(b)	To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements. We will take into consideration a number of factors such as your relationship with us, your engagement with us, and the fulfilment of contracts we have with you.
©	We may need to retain your personal data where this is necessary to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations, or to protect the vital interest or the vital interests of another natural person.
6.	Data security
We have appropriate security measures in place to prevent personal information from being accidentally lost or from being used or accessed in an unauthorised way. We limit access to your personal information to those who have a genuine business need to know it. Those processing your information will do so only in an authorised manner and are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We also have procedures in place to deal with any suspected data security breach. We will notify you and any applicable regulator of a suspected data security breach where we are legally required to do so.
7.	Your rights
7.1	Under data protection laws you have the following fundamental rights:
(a)	The right to access the personal data we hold about you;
(b)	The right to have your personal data corrected if there are errors or inaccuracies in it, or your personal data is incomplete;
©	The right to restrict the processing we carry out in relation to your personal data;
(d)	The right to object to the processing we carry out in relation to your personal data;
(e)	The right to have the personal data we hold about you provided to you in a useable format;
(f)	The right to complain to a supervisory authority (in the UK this is the Information Commissioner’s Office) about how and/or why we are processing your personal data;
(g)	The right to tell us you no longer consent to us processing your personal data. In practice you will usually agree in advance to us using your personal data for marketing purposes and if you no longer wish us to use your personal data for marketing purposes, you can opt out of receiving such marketing messages at any time.
You can do this either by unsubscribing from the marketing messages we send you or by notifying us in writing using the contact details in section 10.
7.2	You can ask us to provide you with details of any personal data we hold about you.
You do not have to pay us a fee to access your personal data unless we believe your access request is unfounded, repetitive or excessive.
In this case we may charge you a reasonable fee to access your personal data or we may decide not to comply with your request.
We will notify you if this is the case. We will require you to provide appropriate evidence of your identity before we respond to your request.
Typically this identification evidence will be a photocopy of your passport or photo driving licence, which a solicitor or bank has certified as being a true copy of the original and a copy of a recent utility bill detailing your current address.
7.3 	Our website may, from time to time, contain links to and
from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates.
If you follow a link to any of these websites, these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.
Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
7.4	If you think that any of the data we hold about you is incorrect or inaccurate, you can contact us to correct such data.
Please contact us using the contact details at section 10 for these purposes.
8. Changes to our privacy policy
Any changes we make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy.
9. Information about us
This privacy policy relates to Yorkshire County Cricket Club Limited (company registration number IP28929R).
The registered office address is Emerald Headingley Cricket Ground, Kirkstall Lane, Headingley, LS6 3DP.
We can be contacted by post at Emerald Headingley Cricket Ground, Kirkstall Lane, Headingley, LS6 3DP , by phone 0344 5043099 or by email cricket@yorkshireccc.com.
Our data protection officer can be contacted at the Data Protection Department, Emerald Headingley Cricket Ground, Kirkstall Lane, Headingley, LS6 3DP or by email at
cricket@yorkshireccc.com or by phone 0344 5043099.
10. Any questions?
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to
Yorkshire County Cricket Club Limited
Data Protection Department
Emerald Headingley Cricket Ground, Kirkstall Lane, Headingley, LS6 3DP
Email: cricket@yorkshireccc.com
Phone: 0344 5043099
Newsletter Sign up
Subscribe
PromotionsSocial
Follow us
FacebookTwitterYouTubeInstagram