http://www.swimhaddington.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy Notice
Haddington and District Amateur Swimming Club (H&DASC) is a competitive swimming club and as such is affiliated with Scottish Swimming.
In order to function as a swimming club, H&DASC needs to collect/process personal information about swimmers, their parents/guardians, our coaches and our volunteers.
The Privacy Notice explains in broad terms the personal data we need to collect, why we need it what we do with it, how we secure it and your rights.
What we need
H&DASC will be a “controller” of the personal information that you provide to us via the channels we choose to use e.g. email and the forms we use on Team App.
When you register as a member of H&DASC or renew your membership (including if you are registering or renewing on behalf of a child under the age of 18, we will ask you for the following personal information:
contact details – name, address, email address, date of birth, emergency contact details;
participation details – swimmer, coach, committee member, technical official, etc;
medical information – general health information, medical history and any health conditions, etc;
consents – your consent to various H&DASC Policies/Codes of Conduct;
equality information – gender identity, disability information and
where applicable (for coaches & volunteers), additional information such as PVG membership, etc.
Why we need your personal information – contractual purposes
We need to collect our members’ personal information so that we can manage your membership.
We will use our members’ personal information to:
provide you with core member services, including insurance, licencing and PVG checks;
set up your Scottish Swimming membership account and administer your account online;
send you membership communications by Team App, email (or other means) in relation to essential membership services, including but not limited to, membership renewals, membership fees’ information, swimming meet information etc.
If you do not provide us with all the personal information that we need to collect, then this may affect our ability to offer the above membership services and benefits.
Why we need your personal information – legitimate purposes
We also process our members’ personal information in pursuit of our legitimate interests to:
provide our swimmers with competitive swimming by accepting and managing entries for competitions and checking their personal information to ensure they are entered into the correct events;
develop our swimmers by monitoring their engagement, participation and physical development through attendance registers, competitions results, etc;
develop and maintain our coaches and volunteer’s qualifications, including sending email communications to members to inform you of upcoming courses, renewal requirements and verify that they have completed any mandatory training and PVG / child protection requirements;
respond to and communicate with members regarding your questions, comments, support needs or complaints, concerns or allegations in relation to swimming.
Where we process your personal information in pursuit of our legitimate interests, you have the right to object to us using your personal information for the above purposes.
If you wish to object to any of the above processing, please contact our Membership Secretary on memsec.swimhaddington@gmail.com. If we agree and comply with your objection, this may affect our ability to undertake the tasks above for the benefit of you as a member.
Why we need your personal information – legal obligations
We are under a legal obligation to process certain personal information relating to our members for the purposes of complying with our obligations under the Protection of Vulnerable Groups (Scotland) Act 2007 to check that our coaches and volunteers are able to undertake regulated work with children and vulnerable adults.
Other uses of your personal information
We may ask you if we can process your personal information for additional purposes. Where we do so, we will provide you with an additional privacy notice with information on how we will use your information for these additional purposes.
Who we share your personal information with
We may be required to share personal information with statutory or regulatory authorities and organisations to comply with statutory obligations. Such organisations include [the Health & Safety Executive, Disclosure Scotland, and Police Scotland] for the purposes of safeguarding children.
We may also share personal information with our professional and legal advisors for the purposes of taking advice.
As an affiliated team of Scottish Swimming we are required to ensure that all our members are members of Scottish Swimming as a condition of affiliation. We will share your name and membership category with Scottish Swimming who will become a controller of your personal information when they receive it.
Scottish Swimming’s private notice explains how they use your personal information and can be accessed here: https://www.scottishswimming.com/privacy-policy.aspx.
In the event that we do share personal information with external third parties, we will only share such personal information strictly required for the specific purposes and take reasonable steps to ensure that recipients shall only process the disclosed personal information in accordance with those purposes.
We publish the results of our competitions on our Team App. This includes competitors’ name, age, result, etc.
How we protect your personal information
Your personal information is stored on our electronic filing system as well as Team/Meet Manager, Google Forms, Team App, Contact Us page on the Haddington and District ASC website page and is accessed by our coaches and volunteers for the purposes set out above.
Privacy Notices for Team/Meet Manager, Google and Team App can be viewed here:
https://sportstek.co.uk/terms-conditions
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-GB&gl=uk
https://www.teamapp.com/privacy
How long we keep your personal information
We will only keep your personal information for as long as necessary to provide you with membership services. We will review the personal information we hold on members at least annually.
Your rights
You can exercise any of the following rights by writing to us at memsec.swimhaddington@gmail.com
Your rights in relation to your personal information are:
you have a right to request access to the personal information that we hold about you by making a “subject access request”;
if you believe that any of your personal information is inaccurate or incomplete, you have a right to request that we correct or complete your personal information;
you have a right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information for specific purposes; and
if you wish us to delete your personal information, you may request that we do so.
Any requests received by H&DASC will be considered under applicable data protection legislation.
If you remain dissatisfied, you have a right to raise a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office at www.ico.org.uk.
COVID-19 Update:
As a result of the worldwide Coronavirus pandemic, we may need to record information regarding whether you are displaying from any symptoms of COVID-19, have been in recent contact with anyone who has tested positive or is displaying symptoms of COVID-19, have any underlying health conditions or have, or are in close contact with anyone who has, been advised to shield. This information would be required to ensure the safety of members attending Haddington and District Amateur Swimming club.
Why we need your data
Our lawful basis for processing health information relating to COVID-19 is:
to protect your vital interests; and/or
for the legitimate interests of members attending Haddington and District Amateur Swimming to ensure individuals’ safety and prevent the spread of the virus.
As health information falls within the definition of “special categories of personal data” under applicable data protection legislation, we also need a special condition to process such information. We may need to process this health information:
to protect your vital interests where you cannot consent;
for reasons of public interest in the area of public health, including protecting against serious cross-border threats to health where we have a legal duty of confidentiality to you; and/or
with your explicit consent (if required).
Information we may collect about you
We may collect data from you in relation to COVID-19:
From a return to water self declaration and/or a regular health check survey – detailing whether you have symptoms of COVID-19, if you have come into contact with someone with COVID-19, history of having COVID-19, and underlying health conditions.
Should you report contracting COVID-19 through to the COVID Officer or Club Committee Member.
Who we share your personal data with
We may be required to share personal information with statutory or regulatory authorities and organisations to comply with public health obligations. In the event that we do share personal information with third parties, we will only share such personal information as is strictly required for the specific purposes and take reasonable steps to ensure that recipients shall only process the disclosed personal information in accordance with those purposes.
Where a case of COVID-19 is recorded within the club, your personal information will not be shared with other members directly, however members will be advised that a case has occurred, whilst keeping personal information anonymous as far as possible.
How long will we store COVID-19 specific data?
We will only keep your personal information for as long as necessary in line with legal obligations – laws or regulation may set a minimum period for which we have to keep your personal information.
COOKIE POLICY
This is the Cookie Policy for H&DASC, accessible from www.swimhaddington.co.uk
WHAT ARE COOKIES
As is common practice with almost all professional websites this site uses cookies, which are tiny files that are downloaded to your computer, to improve your experience. This page describes what information they gather, how we use it and why we sometimes need to store these cookies. We will also share how you can prevent these cookies from being stored however this may downgrade or ‘break’ certain elements of the sites functionality.
For more general information on cookies see the Wikipedia article on HTTP Cookies.
HOW WE USE COOKIES
We use cookies for a variety of reasons detailed below. Unfortunately in most cases there are no industry standard options for disabling cookies without completely disabling the functionality and features they add to this site. It is recommended that you leave on all cookies if you are not sure whether you need them or not in case they are used to provide a service that you use.
DISABLING COOKIES
You can prevent the setting of cookies by using the cookie controller on this site, or by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser Help for how to do this). Be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit. Disabling cookies will usually result in also disabling certain functionality and features of the this site. Therefore it is recommended that you do not disable cookies.
THE COOKIES WE SET
Account related cookies – If you create an account with us then we will use cookies for the management of the signup process and general administration. These cookies will usually be deleted when you log out however in some cases they may remain afterwards to remember your site preferences when logged out.
Login related cookies – We use cookies when you are logged in so that we can remember this fact. This prevents you from having to log in every single time you visit a new page. These cookies are typically removed or cleared when you log out to ensure that you can only access restricted features and areas when logged in.
Forms related cookies – When you submit data to through a form such as those found on contact pages or comment forms cookies may be set to remember your user details for future correspondence.
Site preferences cookies – In order to provide you with a great experience on this site we provide the functionality to set your preferences for how this site runs when you use it. In order to remember your preferences we need to set cookies so that this information can be called whenever you interact with a page is affected by your preferences.
THIRD PARTY COOKIES
In some special cases we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties. The following section details which third party cookies you might encounter through this site.
COOKIE LIST
REQUIRED:
CookieControl – this is used by our cookie controller to track your cookie preferences and is required for its functionality.
wp-*, wordpress_* – these are used by our website platform, WordPress, to track your logged in status, user preferences, etc. These are only used if you have an account and are logged in.
OPTIONAL:
_gat, _ga, _gid (Google) – these are used by Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solution on the web for helping us to understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content.For more information on Google Analytics cookies, see the official Google Analytics page. These cookies are optional and you may opt in and out at any time using the cookie controller.