https://www.kingcityskating.com/club-policies/
Skip to content
Home
About Us
Our Coaches
Club Policies
Programs
Registration
General Information
Peter Pan on Ice – Show Info
Test Days
Competitions
FAQ’s
News
Contact Us
Gallery
MEMBERS SITE
Fundraising
COVID-19 and Return to Play Protocol
Ensure sure you have read and understand the following policies
COVID-19 Response Plan – Version 2 – Oct 14Download
FILL_Health_Screening_Q_v4.0_SEP24_2020Download
Skate-Ontario-COVID-Waiver-2.0-Download
King Township Acknowledgement of Risk – User GroupsDownload
Skate-Ontarios-Code-of-Conduct-Athletes-and-Parents-Guardians-Acknowledgement-Sheet-1Download
Skater’s Code of Conduct
King City Skating Club has developed the following Code of Conduct to ensure that all skaters participating on our sessions experience a safe, enjoyable and positive learning environment. We ask that parents/guardians review the rules with their skater. Any skater found to be in violation of the Code of Conduct may be asked to leave the ice at the discretion of the coaches.
Observe “Right of Way” guidelinesFirst priority goes to the skater who is in a lesson and having their music played.Second priority goes to skaters in private lessons. As there will be several skaters in lessons at the same time, be alert and prepare to yield the right of way. If the harness is in use, be aware and avoid that area.Courtesy and good sportsmanship to coaches and fellow skaters is expected at all times. If you get in another skater’s way, please be polite and apologize. The skater who has the right of way may respectfully remind others of their presence, i.e. “excuse me” or “coming through”.Parents and other skaters should not interrupt a coach while a lesson is in progress.Pay attention to the location of other skaters at all times.Look in the direction of travel when skating backwards.Spins should be performed at the center of the ice surface, jumps at the ends and in the corners.When standing at the boards or getting on the ice, before joining the flow of skaters, check to ensure you will not be cutting off another skater or coach.Refrain from standing around and socializing on the ice. This is a waste of valuable ice time and presents a hazard for skaters who are practicing.Do not sit or lie down on the ice. If you fall, get up immediately.If a skater is injured, seek the assistance of a coach immediately. Do not try to move them.All beverages must be in a closed container. Skaters will not eat food or chew gum while on the ice surface.Wearing of headsets on the ice is prohibited at all times.Be respectful to arena staff and property at all times.The use of foul language and use/possession of drugs, cigarettes or alcohol will not be tolerated.When your session is over, gather your belongings and clear the ice immediately.Skaters should use the dressing room at all times. Skaters should not use the lobby for putting and taking off skates or storage of items during sessions.
Privacy Policy
King City Skating Club values the privacy of our members. This privacy statement discloses the privacy practices of this website, www.kingcityskating.comKing City Skating Club will collect personal information such as names, addresses, email addresses and phone numbers on a voluntary basis through membership, program registration and purchases.
King City Skating Club will use this information for the
following purposes:
to enable King City Skating Club’s administrative staff and governing body to facilitate business activities, programs, registrations through acts including, but not limited to completing program and event registrations, and responding to questions.to enable King City Skating Club to provide better services and processes to meet the needs of our membershipto register your membership with club-associated governing bodies that you consent to (i.e. Skate Canada)Courtesy and good sportsmanship to coaches and fellow skaters is expected at all times. If you get in another skater’s way, please be polite and apologize. The skater who has the right of way may respectfully remind others of their presence, i.e. “excuse me” or “coming through”.Parents and other skaters should not interrupt a coach while a lesson is in progress.Pay attention to the location of other skaters at all times.Look in the direction of travel when skating backwards.Spins should be performed at the center of the ice surface, jumps at the ends and in the corners.When standing at the boards or getting on the ice, before joining the flow of skaters, check to ensure you will not be cutting off another skater or coach.Refrain from standing around and socializing on the ice. This is a waste of valuable ice time and presents a hazard for skaters who are practicing.Do not sit or lie down on the ice. If you fall, get up immediately.If a skater is injured, seek the assistance of a coach immediately. Do not try to move them.All beverages must be in a closed container. Skaters will not eat food or chew gum while on the ice surface.Wearing of headsets on the ice is prohibited at all times.Be respectful to arena staff and property at all times.The use of foul language and use/possession of drugs, cigarettes or alcohol will not be tolerated.When your session is over, gather your belongings and clear the ice immediately.Skaters should use the dressing room at all times. Skaters should not use the lobby for putting and taking off skates or storage of items during sessions.
If you have opted in to receive news from King City Skating
Club, we will contact you via email for the following purposes:
to communicate information related to the operation and promotion of the club with our members and program participants including but not limited to, organization details, existing and upcoming events and programs information, fundraising and volunteer information.to help organize and operate competitions, contests and performancesto communicate with prospective members about club information and promotions.”.
King City Skating Club does not store any credit card
number and security information (i.e. CVV numbers) online on the website,
www.kingcityskating.com.
King City Skating Club does not sell, rent or exchange
any of the personal information collected in the manner described above with
any third party, except as described herein or as you may otherwise consent.
All information gathered by King City Skating Club through your purchases,
registrations or website visits is kept confidential. We respect your privacy
and confidence as a valued member. For normal club operations, King City
Skating Club may disclose some information to service providers and suppliers
for the operation of this website, to arrange instruction and to manage your
membership, purchases and registrations. King City Skating Club may also
provide your personal information in good faith when required by law.
King City Skating Club may use “cookies” to
track your web browsing and registration activities and preferences on www.kingcityskating.com.
Cookies are data files transferred to your computer’s hard drive through your
browser by a website to keep track of certain preferences or activities to
streamline subsequent website visits.
King City Skating Club’s website may log IP addresses and
browser details during your site visit.
King City Skating Club is committed to the protection
of our members’ information. Sensitive and personal information is kept secure
and strictly confidential. Our website has maintained using industry standard
security measures to protect against loss, misuse, alteration and theft. Access
to your personal information by King City Skating Club’s administrative staff
and governing body is limited to a need-to-know basis.
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or the
practices of this website, you can send an email to webmaster@kingcityskating.com or
you can send mail to:
King City Skating Club25 Doctor’s Lane, King City, Ontario L7B 1A4
Code of Ethics
King City Skating Club members
are required to follow the Code of Ethics policies published by Skate Canada.
This Code of Ethics applies to all skaters, coaches, board members, volunteers
and parents/guardians, and can be accessed using the link below.
Skate Canada Code of Ethics
KING CITY SKATING CLUB RELEASE, WAIVER
& INDEMNITY
King City Skating Club shall not in any way
be responsible for loss of property, damage, or injuries to persons, including
participants while on the premises. Membership will be closed for any session
which becomes filled. The Club reserves the right to change categories or ice
times at any times during the skating year, cancel programs where minimum
registration levels are not met, an pre-empt ice times for test days and
competitions. King City Skating Club and The City of King are not required to
make up lost time or compensate customers for closing arenas due to Acts of
God.
The registration information is entered into a database maintained by – and for the exclusive use of – the King City Skating Club, for registration and payment service as well as registering the skater with Skate Canada. No personal identifiable information will be shared with any outside individuals / groups, except for insurance purposes or as required by law.
Concussion Policy
The recognition of concussion in sport
is coming to the forefront of injury in sport. More and more scientific and
public press attention is paid to this injury, and our knowledge of the
causation, effects and outcomes of concussion injury is expanding daily. Skate
Canada and its medical team recognize the importance and need for athletes,
parents, coaches and other team members to rapidly and appropriately recognize
and respond to a concussion injury. Policies are currently being drafted to
further address this.
There are Skate Canada
policies currently available for parents, skaters and coaches to reference, and links for these are provided below.
Skate
Canada Concussion Policy
Please note that this information is
for general information purposes only. It is not intended to and does not
constitute any medical advice and does not contain any medical diagnoses,
symptom assessments or medical opinions.
Photo Release Policy
King City Skating Club from time to time
takes photographs or video of the skaters. Any photograph or video may be
included on our website or Facebook page, in the local newspapers, or any other
Club related document, information sheet or advertising relating to the Club.
The use of photographs and video will be limited to these purposes. If you wish
to exclude your child please submit your request in writing to
registration@kingcityskating.com
lo
Helmet Policy
On July 1, 2011
Skate Canada implemented a Helmet Use policy.
Skaters working on STAGE 5 and below, a well as all skaters in the
CanPowerSkate program, MUST wear CSA approved hockey helmets.
Skaters working on STAGE 6 or higher may choose to continue to wear a helmet at
their discretion. The skater, parent/guardian have the final say as to whether
or not the skater will or will not wear a helmet.
For more information visit Skate Canada’s full policy Skate Canada’s Helmet Policy
Copyright © 2020 King City and Oakridges Skating Club