http://www.cycle2max.com/terms-conditions.aspx
Home
Forum
Marketplace
News
Hill Climbs
Circuits
Events
Great Rides
ArticlesBetting on Cycling
Advertise
About
Member Login -
Email:
Password:
Remember Me
Forgot Password  |  Not a member?  Sign up here
Marketplace
FOR SALE:
Yamaha Tyros 5 Workstation Keyboard
Price: 1000
Seller: henry gustavo
Colnago clx
Price: $2000.00
Seller: stu
FOR SALE:Nikon D3-Nikon D750-Nikon D4-Canon 5D Mar
Price: 1000
Seller: aurelio moretti
Apple iPhone 6 Plus 64GB $400
Price: 400
Seller: mohammed amit
Canon EOS 5D Mark III DSLR Camera...$1500usd
Price: 1500
Seller: Pett Will
View More »
Terms & Conditions of Use
Date
of Last Revision: October 1, 2008
Welcome
to Cycle2max, social utility that connects you with the people around you. The
Cycle2max service and network (collectively, "Cycle2max" or "the
Service") are operated by Cycle2max Pty Ltd. and its corporate affiliates
(collectively, "us", "we" or "the Company"). By
accessing or using our web site at www.Cycle2max.com (the” Site"), you
(the "User") signify that you have read, understand and agree to be
bound by these Terms of Use ("Terms of Use" or "Agreement"),
whether or not you are a registered member of Cycle2max. We reserve the right,
at our sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or delete portions of these
Terms of Use at any time without further notice. If we do this, we will post
the changes to these Terms of Use on this page and will indicate at the top of
this page the date these terms were last revised. Your continued use of the
Service or the Site after any such changes constitutes your acceptance of the
new Terms of Use. If you do not agree to abide by these or any future Terms of
Use, do not use or access (or continue to use or access) the Service or the
Site. It is your responsibility to regularly check the Site to determine if
there have been changes to these Terms of Use and to review such changes.
PLEASE
READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY AS THEY CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION
REGARDING YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS, REMEDIES AND OBLIGATIONS. THESE INCLUDE VARIOUS
LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS, AND A DISPUTE RESOLUTION CLAUSE THAT GOVERNS HOW
DISPUTES WILL BE RESOLVED.
Eligibility
Membership
in the Service is void where prohibited. Any registration by, use of or access
to the Site by anyone who is under 18 and does not have the direct consent of a
parent or guardian, is unauthorized, unlicensed and in violation of these Terms
of Use. By using the Service or the Site, you represent and warrant that you
are 18 or older or you are under 18 with a parent or guardians consent, and
that you agree to and to abide by all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
Registration
Data; Account Security
In
consideration of your use of the Site, you agree to (a) provide accurate,
current and complete information about you as may be prompted by any
registration forms on the Site ("Registration Data"); (b) maintain
the security of your password and identification; (c) maintain and promptly
update the Registration Data, and any other information you provide to Company,
to keep it accurate, current and complete; and (d) be fully responsible for all
use of your account and for any actions that take place using your account.
Proprietary
Rights in Site Content; Limited License
All
content on the Site and available through the Service, including designs, text,
graphics, pictures, video, information, applications, software, and other
files, and their selection and arrangement (the "Site Content"), are
the proprietary property of the Company, its users or its licensors with all
rights reserved. No Site Content may be modified, copied, distributed, framed,
reproduced, republished, downloaded, scraped, displayed, posted, transmitted,
or sold in any form or by any means, in whole or in part, without the Company's
prior written permission, except that the foregoing does not apply to your own
User Content (as defined below) that you legally post on the Site. Provided
that you are eligible for use of the Site, you are granted a limited license to
access and use the Site and the Site Content and to download or print a copy of
any portion of the Site Content to which you have properly gained access solely
for your personal, non-commercial use, provided that you keep all copyright or
other proprietary notices intact. Except for your own User Content, you may not
upload or republish Site Content on any Internet, Intranet or Extranet site or
incorporate the information in any other database or compilation, and any other
use of the Site Content is strictly prohibited. Such license is subject to
these Terms of Use and does not permit use of any data mining, robots, scraping
or similar data gathering or extraction methods. Any use of the Site or the
Site Content other than as specifically authorized herein, without the prior
written permission of Company, is strictly prohibited and will terminate the
license granted herein. Such unauthorized use may also violate applicable laws
including copyright and trademark laws and applicable communications
regulations and statutes. Unless explicitly stated herein, nothing in these
Terms of Use shall be construed as conferring any license to intellectual property
rights, whether by implication or otherwise. This license is revocable at any
time without notice and with or without cause.
Trademarks
CYCLE2MAX,
C2M, and other Company graphics, logos, designs, page headers, button icons,
scripts and service names are registered trademarks, trademarks of Company in Australia
and/or other countries. Company's trademarks may not be used, including as part
of trademarks and/or as part of domain names, in connection with any product or
service in any manner that is likely to cause confusion and may not be copied,
imitated, or used, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of
the Company.
User
Conduct
You
understand that except for advertising programs offered by us on the Site
(e.g., Cycle2max Ads, Cycle2max Marketplace), the Service and the Site are
available for your personal, non-commercial use only. You represent, warrant
and agree that no materials of any kind submitted through your account or
otherwise posted, transmitted, or shared by you on or through the Service will
violate or infringe upon the rights of any third party, including copyright,
trademark, privacy, publicity or other personal or proprietary rights; or
contain libelous, defamatory or otherwise unlawful material.
In addition, you agree not to use the Service or the Site to:
harvest or collect email
addresses or other contact information of other users from the Service or
the Site by electronic or other means for the purposes of sending
unsolicited emails or other unsolicited communications;
use the Service or the Site in
any unlawful manner or in any other manner that could damage, disable,
overburden or impair the Site;
use automated scripts to
collect information from or otherwise interact with the Service or the
Site;
upload, post, transmit, share,
store or otherwise make available any content that we deem to be harmful,
threatening, unlawful, defamatory, infringing, abusive, inflammatory,
harassing, vulgar, obscene, fraudulent, invasive of privacy or publicity
rights, hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable;
upload, post, transmit, share,
store or otherwise make available any videos other than those of a
personal nature that: (i) are of you or your friends, (ii) are taken by
you or your friends, or (iii) are original art or animation created by you
or your friends;
register for more than one
User account, register for a User account on behalf of an individual other
than yourself, or register for a User account on behalf of any group or
entity;
impersonate any person or
entity, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent yourself, your age or
your affiliation with any person or entity;
upload, post, transmit, share
or otherwise make available any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising,
solicitations, promotional materials, "junk mail,"
"spam," "chain letters," "pyramid schemes,"
or any other form of solicitation;
upload, post, transmit, share,
store or otherwise make publicly available on the Site any private
information of any third party, including, addresses, phone numbers, email
addresses, Social Security numbers and credit card numbers;
solicit personal information
from anyone under 18 or solicit passwords or personally identifying
information for commercial or unlawful purposes;
upload, post, transmit, share
or otherwise make available any material that contains software viruses or
any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy
or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or
telecommunications equipment;
intimidate or harass another;
upload, post, transmit, share,
store or otherwise make available content that would constitute, encourage
or provide instructions for a criminal offense, violate the rights of any
party, or that would otherwise create liability or violate any local,
state, national or international law;
use or attempt to use
another's account, service or system without authorization from the
Company, or create a false identity on the Service or the Site.
upload, post, transmit, share,
store or otherwise make available content that, in the sole judgment of
Company, is objectionable or which restricts or inhibits any other person
from using or enjoying the Site, or which may expose Company or its users
to any harm or liability of any type.
Without
limiting any of the foregoing, you also agree to abide by our Cycle2max Code of Conduct that provides further information
regarding the authorized conduct of users on Cycle2max.
User
Content Posted on the Site
You
are solely responsible for the photos, profiles (including your name, image,
and likeness), comments, notes, text, information, video, advertisements,
listings, and other content that you upload, publish or display (hereinafter,
"post") on or through the Service or the Site, or transmit to or
share with other users (collectively the "User Content"). You may not
post, transmit, or share User Content on the Site or Service that you did not
create or that you do not have permission to post. You understand and agree
that the Company may, but is not obligated to, review the Site and may delete
or remove (without notice) any Site Content or User Content in its sole
discretion, for any reason or no reason, including User Content that in the
sole judgment of the Company violates this Agreement or the Cycle2max Code of Conduct, or which
might be offensive, illegal, or that might violate the rights, harm, or
threaten the safety of users or others. You are solely responsible at your sole
cost and expense for creating backup copies and replacing any User Content you
post or store on the Site or provide to the Company.
When you post User Content to the Site, you authorize and direct us to make
such copies thereof as we deem necessary in order to facilitate the posting and
storage of the User Content on the Site. By posting User Content to any part of
the Site, you automatically grant, and you represent and warrant that you have
the right to grant, to the Company an irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive,
transferable, fully paid, worldwide license (with the right to sublicense) to
use, copy, publicly perform, publicly display, reformat, translate, excerpt (in
whole or in part) and distribute such User Content for any purpose, commercial,
advertising, or otherwise, on or in connection with the Site or the promotion
thereof, to prepare derivative works of, or incorporate into other works, such
User Content, and to grant and authorize sublicenses of the foregoing. You may
remove your User Content from the Site at any time. If you choose to remove
your User Content, the license granted above will automatically expire, however
you acknowledge that the Company may retain archived copies of your User
Content. Cycle2max does not assert any ownership over your User Content;
rather, as between us and you, subject to the rights granted to us in these
Terms, you retain full ownership of all of your User Content and any
intellectual property rights or other proprietary rights associated with your
User Content.
Copyright
Complaints
We
respect the intellectual property rights of others and we prohibit users from
uploading, posting or otherwise transmitting on the Cycle2max website or
service any materials that violate another party's intellectual property
rights. When we receive proper Notification of Alleged Copyright Infringement we
promptly remove or disable access to the allegedly infringing material and
terminate the accounts of repeat infringers.
If
you believe that any material on the Site infringes upon any copyright which
you own or control, you may send a written notification of such infringement admin@Cycle2max.com or in a written
letter to PO Box 10039
Adelaide BC.
Repeat
Infringer Policy
Cycle2max
has adopted a policy of terminating, in appropriate circumstances and at
Company's sole discretion, members who are deemed to be repeat infringers.
Company may also at its sole discretion limit access to the Site and/or
terminate the memberships of any users who infringe any intellectual property
rights of others, whether or not there is any repeat infringement.
Third
Party Websites and Content
The
Site contains (or you may be sent through the Site or the Service) links to
other web sites ("Third Party Sites") as well as articles,
photographs, text, graphics, pictures, designs, music, sound, video,
information, applications, software and other content or items belonging to or
originating from third parties (the "Third Party Applications, Software or
Content"). Such Third Party Sites and Third Party Applications, Software
or Content are not investigated, monitored or checked for accuracy,
appropriateness, or completeness by us, and we are not responsible for any
Third Party Sites accessed through the Site or any Third Party Applications,
Software or Content posted on, available through or installed from the Site,
including the content, accuracy, offensiveness, opinions, reliability, privacy
practices or other policies of or contained in the Third Party Sites or the
Third Party Applications, Software or Content. Inclusion of, linking to or
permitting the use or installation of any Third Party Site or any Third Party
Applications, Software or Content does not imply approval or endorsement
thereof by us. If you decide to leave the Site and access the Third Party Sites
or to use or install any Third Party Applications, Software or Content, you do
so at your own risk and you should be aware that our terms and policies no
longer govern. You should review the applicable terms and policies, including
privacy and data gathering practices, of any site to which you navigate from
the Site or relating to any applications you use or install from the site.
Share
Service
Company
offers a feature whereby users of the Site can share with others or post to
their own member profile, videos, articles and other Third Party Applications,
Software or Content from, and/or links to, Third Party Sites through the
Service (the "Share Service"). You acknowledge and agree that your
use of the Share Services and all links, User Content or Third Party
Applications, Software or Content shared through the Share Service is subject
to, and will fully comply with the user conduct rules set forth above and the
other terms and conditions set forth in these Terms of Use.
Use
of Share Links by Online Content Providers
Subject
to the terms and conditions of these Terms of Use, Third Party Sites that meet
the requirements set forth below may place a Share Link (as described below),
in the form approved by Company, on pages of their web sites to facilitate use
of the Share Service. A Third Party Site that posts a Share Link on its web
site is referred to herein as an "Online Content Provider" and shall
abide and be subject to the applicable sections of these Terms of Use. A
"Share Link" is a button and/or a text link appearing on an Online
Content Provider's web page that, upon being clicked by a user, enables us to
launch a sharing mechanism through which users can share with others or post to
their own member profile, links and content from that page.
In the event that the Share Link is a button that contains any icons or other
graphic images, trademarks or other proprietary materials of the Company,
Online Content Provider is granted permission to use such images, trademarks or
other materials solely for the purpose of placing the Share Link on Online
Content Provider's site and solely in the current form provided by the Company.
In the event that the Share Link is a text link, it must include the word
"Cycle2max" as part of the link. The rights granted in this paragraph
may be revoked by Company at any time with or without cause in its sole
discretion, and upon such termination, Online Content Provider agrees to
immediately remove all Share Links from its site.
In order for an Online Content Provider to include a Share Link on its pages,
the Third Party Site must not contain any web content that if shared or posted
by a user would be a violation of the user conduct rules set forth above.
Without limiting the forgoing, Online Content Provider agrees not to post a Share
Link on any web site that contains, and represents and warrants that such web
site does not and will not contain, any content that is infringing, harmful,
threatening, unlawful, defamatory, abusive, inflammatory, harassing, vulgar,
obscene, lewd, fraudulent, or invasive of privacy or publicity rights or that
may expose Company or its users to any harm or liability of any type. Upon
including of a Share Link, Online Content Provider agrees to defend, indemnify
and hold the Company, its subsidiaries and affiliates, and each of their
directors, officers, agents, contractors, partners and employees, harmless from
and against any loss, liability, claim, demand, damages, costs and expenses,
including reasonable attorney's fees, arising out of or in connection with such
Share Link, any links, content or other items or materials which may be shared
or posted through such Share Link, or any breach or alleged breach of the
foregoing representations and warranties.
By including a Share Link, Online Content Provider automatically grants, and
represents and warrants that it has the right to grant, to the Company an
irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, transferable, fully paid, worldwide
license (with the right to sublicense) to use the Share Service in order to link
to, use, copy, publish, stream, publicly perform, publicly display, reformat,
translate, excerpt (in whole or in part), summarize, and distribute the
content, links and other materials of any kind residing on any web pages on
which Online Content Provider places the Share Link.
User
Disputes
You
are solely responsible for your interactions with other Cycle2max users. We
reserve the right, but have no obligation, to monitor disputes between you and
other users.
Privacy
We
care about the privacy of our users. View the Cycle2max's Privacy Policy for
the complete information regarding how we handle your privacy. By using the
Site or the Service, you are consenting to have your personal data transferred
to and processed in Australia.
Disclaimers
The
Company is not responsible or liable in any manner for any User Content or
Third Party Applications, Software or Content posted on the Site or in
connection with the Service, whether posted or caused by users of the Site, by
Cycle2max, by third parties or by any of the equipment or programming
associated with or utilized in the Site or the Service. Although we provide
rules for user conduct and postings, we do not control and are not responsible
for what users post, transmit or share on the Site and are not responsible for
any offensive, inappropriate, obscene, unlawful or otherwise objectionable
content you may encounter on the Site or in connection with any User Content or
Third Party Applications, Software or Content. The Company is not responsible
for the conduct, whether online or offline, of any user of the Site or Service.
The Site and the Service may be temporarily unavailable from time to time for
maintenance or other reasons. Company assumes no responsibility for any error,
omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission,
communications line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to, or
alteration of, User communications. The Company is not responsible for any
technical malfunction or other problems of any telephone network or service,
computer systems, servers or providers, computer or mobile phone equipment,
software, failure of email or players on account of technical problems or
traffic congestion on the Internet or at any Site or combination thereof,
including injury or damage to User's or to any other person's computer, mobile
phone, or other hardware or software, related to or resulting from using or
downloading materials in connection with the Web and/or in connection with the
Service, including any Mobile Client software. Under no circumstances will the
Company be responsible for any loss or damage, including any loss or damage to
any User Content or personal injury or death, resulting from anyone's use of
the Site or the Service, any User Content or Third Party Applications, Software
or Content posted on or through the Site or the Service or transmitted to
Users, or any interactions between users of the Site, whether online or
offline.
THE SITE AND THE SITE CONTENT ARE PROVIDED "AS-IS" AND THE COMPANY
DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. THE COMPANY CANNOT GUARANTEE AND DOES
NOT PROMISE ANY SPECIFIC RESULTS FROM USE OF THE SITE AND/OR THE SERVICE AND/OR
ANY PLATFORM APPLICATIONS. COMPANY DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT SOFTWARE,
CONTENT OR MATERIALS ON THE SITE, THE SERVICE OR ANY PLATFORM APPLICATIONS ARE
ACCURATE, COMPLETE, RELIABLE, CURRENT OR ERROR-FREE OR THAT THE SITE OR SERVICE
ITS SERVERS, OR ANY PLATFORM APPLICATIONS ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL
COMPONENTS. THEREFORE, YOU SHOULD EXERCISE CAUTION IN THE USE AND DOWNLOADING
OF ANY SUCH SOFTWARE, CONTENT OR MATERIALS AND USE INDUSTRY-RECOGNIZED SOFTWARE
TO DETECT AND DISINFECT VIRUSES. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, YOU UNDERSTAND
AND AGREE THAT YOU DOWNLOAD OR OTHERWISE OBTAIN CONTENT, MATERIAL, DATA OR
SOFTWARE (INCLUDING ANY MOBILE CLIENT) FROM OR THROUGH THE SERVICE AND ANY
PLATFORM APPLICATIONS AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK AND THAT YOU WILL BE
SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR YOUR USE THEREOF AND ANY DAMAGES TO YOUR MOBILE DEVICE
OR COMPUTER SYSTEM, LOSS OF DATA OR OTHER HARM OF ANY KIND THAT MAY RESULT.
The Company reserves the right to change any and all content, software and
other items used or contained in the Site and any Services and Platform
Applications offered through the Site at any time without notice. Reference to
any products, services, processes or other information, by trade name, trademark,
manufacturer, supplier or otherwise does not constitute or imply endorsement,
sponsorship or recommendation thereof, or any affiliation therewith, by
Company.
Limitation
on Liability
IN
NO EVENT WILL COMPANY OR ITS DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES OR AGENTS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR
ANY THIRD PERSON FOR ANY INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING FOR ANY LOST PROFITS OR LOST DATA
ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF THE SITE OR THE SERVICE, ANY PLATFORM APPLICATIONS OR
ANY OF THE SITE CONTENT OR OTHER MATERIALS ON, ACCESSED THROUGH OR DOWNLOADED
FROM THE SITE, EVEN IF THE COMPANY IS AWARE OR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED
HEREIN, THE COMPANY'S LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY CAUSE WHATSOEVER, AND REGARDLESS
OF THE FORM OF THE ACTION, WILL AT ALL TIMES BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT PAID, IF
ANY, BY YOU TO COMPANY FOR THE SERVICE DURING THE TERM OF MEMBERSHIP, BUT IN NO
CASE WILL THE COMPANY'S LIABILITY TO YOU EXCEED $1000. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT IF
NO FEES ARE PAID TO COMPANY FOR THE SERVICE, YOU SHALL BE LIMITED TO INJUNCTIVE
RELIEF ONLY, UNLESS OTHERWISE PERMITTED BY LAW, AND SHALL NOT BE ENTITLED TO
DAMAGES OF ANY KIND FROM COMPANY, REGARDLESS OF THE CAUSE OF ACTION.
CERTAIN STATE LAWS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE
EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR
ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU,
AND YOU MAY HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS.
Termination
The
Company may terminate your membership, delete your profile and any content or
information that you have posted on the Site or and/or prohibit you from using
or accessing the Service or the Site (or any portion, aspect or feature of the
Service or the Site) for any reason, or no reason, at any time in its sole
discretion, with or without notice, including if it believes that you are under
18 without parental or guardian consent. When we are notified that a user has
died, we will generally, but are not obligated to, keep the user's account
active under a special memorialized status for a period of time determined by
us to allow other users to post and view comments.
Governing
Law; Venue and Jurisdiction
By
visiting or using the Site and/or the Service, you agree that the laws of the
State of South Australia,
without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Terms of
Use and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and the Company or
any of our affiliates. With respect to any disputes or claims not subject to
arbitration (as set forth below), you agree not to commence or prosecute any
action in connection therewith other than in the state and federal courts of South
Australia and Australia, and you hereby consent to, and waive all defenses of
lack of personal jurisdiction and forum non conveniens with respect to, venue
and jurisdiction in the state and federal courts of South Australia and
Australia.
Arbitration
YOU
AND COMPANY AGREE THAT, EXCEPT AS MAY OTHERWISE BE PROVIDED IN REGARD TO
SPECIFIC SERVICES ON THE SITE IN ANY SPECIFIC TERMS APPLICABLE TO THOSE
SERVICES, THE SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE FORUM AND REMEDY FOR ANY AND ALL DISPUTES AND
CLAIMS RELATING IN ANY WAY TO OR ARISING OUT OF THESE TERMS OF USE, THE SITE AND/OR
THE SERVICE (INCLUDING YOUR VISIT TO OR USE OF THE SITE AND/OR THE SERVICE)
SHALL BE FINAL AND BINDING ARBITRATION, except that: (a) to the extent that
either of us has in any manner infringed upon or violated or threatened to
infringe upon or violate the other party's patent, copyright, trademark or
trade secret rights, or you have otherwise violated any of the user conduct
rules set forth above or in the Code of Conduct then the parties acknowledge
that arbitration is not an adequate remedy at law and that injunctive or other
appropriate relief may be sought; and (b) no disputes or claims relating to any
transactions you enter into with a third party through the Cycle2max
Marketplace may be arbitrated.
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, NO ARBITRATION OR CLAIM
UNDER THESE TERMS OF USE SHALL BE JOINED TO ANY OTHER ARBITRATION OR CLAIM,
INCLUDING ANY ARBITRATION OR CLAIM INVOLVING ANY OTHER CURRENT OR FORMER USER
OF THE SERVICE, AND NO CLASS ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS SHALL BE PERMITTED. In no
event shall any claim, action or proceeding by you related in any way to the
Site and/or the Service (including your visit to or use of the Site and/or the
Service) be instituted more than three (3) years after the cause of action
arose.
Indemnity
You
agree to indemnify and hold the Company, its subsidiaries and affiliates, and
each of their directors, officers, agents, contractors, partners and employees,
harmless from and against any loss, liability, claim, demand, damages, costs
and expenses, including reasonable attorney's fees, arising out of or in
connection with any User Content, any Third Party Applications, Software or
Content you post or share on or through the Site (including through the Share
Service), your use of the Service or the Site, your conduct in connection with
the Service or the Site or with other users of the Service or the Site, or any
violation of this Agreement or of any law or the rights of any third party.
Submissions
You
acknowledge and agree that any questions, comments, suggestions, ideas,
feedback or other information about the Site or the Service
("Submissions"), provided by you to Company are non-confidential and
shall become the sole property of Company. Company shall own exclusive rights,
including all intellectual property rights, and shall be entitled to the
unrestricted use and dissemination of these Submissions for any purpose,
commercial or otherwise, without acknowledgment or compensation to you.
Definitions
and Constructions
Unless
otherwise specified, the terms "includes", "including",
"e.g.,", "for example", and other similar terms are deemed
to include the term "without limitation" immediately thereafter.
Terms used in these Terms with the initial letter(s) capitalized will have the
meaning attributed to them in these Terms.
Other
These
Terms of Use constitute the entire agreement between you and Company regarding
the use of the Site and/or the Service, superseding any prior agreements
between you and Company relating to your use of the Site or the Service. The
failure of Company to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms
of Use shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision in that or any
other instance. If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid, the
remainder of this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect. If any
provision of these Terms of Use shall be deemed unlawful, void or for any
reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these
Terms of Use and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any
remaining provisions.
Copyright © 2017 Cycle2max |
About c2m |
Terms & Conditions |
Privacy Policy |
Web Design by DBG Technologies