https://www.tamb.net/forum/index.php?/privacy/
Jump to content
Community Home
All Activity
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Information Collection
The Tartan Army Message Board is based in Glasgow, Scotland.
Cookies
A cookie is a small piece of data stored on the user's computer tied to information about the user. We use cookies to store login details if you have ticket the "Remember Me" box when logging in to the board. All other personal preferences are stored in our forum database and not in local cookies.We also use some 3rd party cookies from our advertisers to help target and personalise advertisements on the site towards our users. These cookies do not contain or disclose personal information about you.
Log Files
Like most standard Web site servers we use log files. These files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information. We use Google Analytics to track these details.
Privacy Information
We will take all reasonable steps to ensure the security of personal data we hold on you within our forum database and comply with all aspects of General Data Protection Regulation. Data captured by us is used solely by us and is not shared with any partners, other than non-personally identifiable aggregate information as outlined below.
Sharing of Information
Though we make every reasonable effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information about you in certain circumstances. Specifically, as exceptions to this Privacy Statement, we may need to, and will, without notice to you, release specific information about you or your account to comply with any valid legal process or in other special cases, such as, for example, an attempted breach of the security of the website or a physical threat to you or others.
Aggregate Information (non-personally identifiable)
We share aggregated information with our advertising partners, such as the overall demographic of our forum membership, visitor numbers, geographical location etc. This data is not linked to any personally identifiable information.
Notifications
Users may opt in or out of receiving notifications from our forum software at any time by customising notification settings via the "Edit Profile" feature which can be accessed by clicking on your forum name whilst logged in to the forum application. By accepting this notice you give consent for us to contact you via the notification preferences that you set on your account.
Opting Out
If you do not agree to the use of the above cookies on our website you may configure your internet browser to block them or you may contact us to have your account on the site removed at any time. Please follow the contact link on the homepage to get in touch.
Deleting Accounts
If any member of the community wishes to have their account removed they should email team@tamb.net from the mailbox that is attached to their account. We may remove the username but may maintain previously written content which will be labelled with an anonymous "guest" username. This is to preserve the structure of discussions in the forum but removes any information specifically linked to the author.
Links
This Web site may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that The Tartan Army Message Board, are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. Users automatically be asked to accept revised terms as and when these change.
We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
Third Parties
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of this website, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.
Privacy Policy
Spam Defense
The IPS Spam Defense Service passes the email address and IP address of the registering member to the service to determine the likelihood a registering account is a spam source.
Privacy Policy
Invisible reCAPTCHA
This site uses a CAPTCHA to ensure humans are performing certain actions. The CAPTCHA provider may set a session cookie and get information about your internet browser and device accessing this website.
Privacy Policy
All Activity
Home
Privacy Policy
×
Existing user? Sign In
Sign Up
Browse
Back
Forums
TAMB Rules
Staff
Online Users
Advertising
Activity
Back
All Activity
My Activity Streams
Unread Content
Content I Started
Search
Archive Board
Our Friends
Back
Tartan Army Sunshine Appeal
ATAC
Leaderboard
×
Create New...