https://www.northjersey.com/story/sports/boxing/2020/09/25/veteran-run-boxing-gym-newark-nj-works-help-inner-city-youth/3450279001/
This NJ boxing gym run by veterans helps city youth become champions in and out of the ringMelanie AnzideiNorthJersey.comView Comments Mike Steadman was messing around with a speedbag at his boxing gym in Newark when one of his high school boxers asked him a question.“Hey, coach. You got anything to eat on you?” the teen asked. “A granola bar or something?”“Man, actually, I don’t,” Steadman responded. “But go in my wallet, get a couple of bucks and go to the vending machine out front.”Steadman paused. The Marine veteran had been working with kids around the clock since he founded Ironbound Boxing a few years prior. He felt something was off.He called back to the teen, “Wait a minute. Did you eat anything today?"The teen hadn't eaten that day, or the day prior. He hadn't had a meal in days — his family had just been evicted from its home, and he had no place to live. Steadman did what he could. He was once a residence hall director at St. Benedict’s Preparatory School, an all-boys school in Newark, and he worked those connections to secure the boxer a place to stay there. The teen later enrolled at the school, and graduated.Now, years later, that young man is in college, where he is a resident assistant. His tuition? It's covered. The teen is just one of the more than 60 boxers who have gone through Ironbound, a grassroots boxing program that helps inner city youth in Newark.“In these urban communities, do not underestimate the power of ‘coach’ — coaches being a source of inspiration, coaches being a source of guidance, a reference point, and being able to reference that to keep kids from going out in the streets," Steadman said. "In the absence of coaches, what do you have? I feel like boxing can solve a lot.”NJ gyms reopen to new normal:Masks, temperature checks and social distancingOutdoor fitness:Mobile gym owner says open-air fitness is way of the futureNewark:Newark native Michael B. Jordan spearheads series of Black films at hometown drive-inIronbound Boxing is a four-year-old venture that provides inner city youth, largely young men and women of color, the opportunity to become champions in and out of the ring — especially important now, Steadman says, with both a pandemic ravaging local economies and racial unrest highlighting the plight his organization hopes to correct.As a veteran, entrepreneur, and three-time National Collegiate Boxing Champion from the United States Naval Academy, Steadman wanted to use boxing to help youth in the city. "I’m very aware of the challenges people of color face in this country and I’m unapologetic about it,” Steadman said. “We’re attacking [the challenges] through boxing and entrepreneurship and employment opportunities.”Ironbound is comprised of three key parts. Its boxing academy is the brand’s nonprofit arm that provides a free boxing program inside a city-sponsored gym. Then there’s the corporate arm: a for-profit business built around corporate wellness by providing clients, such as employees of  WeWork and Spotify, with on-site boxing lessons to fund the academy. And there’s Thrive — a small business incubator that launched this summer.Steadman, now 33, moved to Newark five years ago. He discovered Brick City after interning at St. Benedict’s while he was in the Naval Academy. He then served as an infantry officer with the Marines in Afghanistan, Japan and the Philippines. He eventually found his way back to the Garden State.“I decided to relocate to Newark, even though I didn’t have any family or friends here,” Steadman said. “I just thought it would be an interesting environment to move to. And, to be quite frank, a lot of people, especially with my skill set, weren’t moving to a place like Newark.”When he first relocated, Steadman worked at St. Benedict’s for three years, eventually coaching the school’s boxing team. By 2016, he approached Newark officials with an idea: if the city could offer an adequate space, he'd use his own funds to set up a free boxing gym for youth in the city. He eventually got the all clear.For four years, the Ironbound Boxing was making an impact, and even started to attract female boxers, Steadman said. Then the COVID-19 pandemic hit, forcing him to adjust. The business moved its classes online. The gym remains closed. Because it’s a city-owned space, the group must wait until the city gives the OK to reopen, Steadman said.“Boxing is a poor man’s sport. A gym is nice to have, but it’s not a necessity,” he said. “When I first moved to Newark, I didn’t have a gym. I didn’t have equipment. I didn’t have anything. I just trained kids in the residence hall. I pushed tables and chairs out of the way. You just kind of go back to the basics.”With the gym closed, Steadman might conduct training at a park or another location to keep the Ironbound Boxing community and its team together.Entrepreneurs of colorThe team also shifted focus virtually through Thrive, the small business incubator launched in July.“Our goal is to train 10,000 young entrepreneurs of color over the next five years,” Steadman said. “Small business employs locally. It pumps money into the local economy, and we need to teach this. We really think we’re uniquely positioned to help cultivate the next generation of young entrepreneurs of color — particularly here in Newark.”The Thrive curriculum includes four weeks of “fireside chats” that revolve around business, marketing and entrepreneurial leadership. Anyone who completed all courses during the first session over the summer was eligible to enter one of two pitch contests — one for Newark residents ages 14 to 17, and another for those 18 to 22. Six winners received between $500 to $2,000 in prize money.“It’s a real opportunity,” Steadman said. “Even just thinking of Thrive beyond entrepreneurship, this is education about how to survive in this century as a young man or woman of color. How do you generate income? People talk about financial literacy — financial independence is what we should be talking about, and how to generate wealth for yourself.”One of Newark's biggest draws for Steadman was the potential to implement real change in a city where more than 86% of residents are people of color, and where 28% of the population lives in poverty. As an infantry officer in the Marines, he said he was part of a small percentage of Black servicemen to hold his rank. Despite the strides he achieved as a Black man in his profession, he yearned to do more to uplift other people of color.“Because, yeah, you’re successful, yeah, you’re Black, but you’re not around other Black people," he said of his Marine Corps experience. "You’re not in a position to lead Black communities. You’re not in a position to uplift your own people. So, I think for me when I had the opportunity to get out, that’s why I was so amped up about moving to an environment like Newark.”By tapping into his network of veterans through the nonprofit Bunker Labs, a national network of veteran and military spouse entrepreneurs, Steadman used his own resources and his past achievements to help young boxers. “We’re trying to connect, basically, the network that I’ve accumulated over the Naval Academy and the military to communities like Newark, and flow support to them,” he said.In Newark, sports offer city youth an alternative outlet, said Pat Council, the city's director of recreation, cultural affairs and senior services. Ironbound is one of three boxing gyms in Newark that offer free boxing programs to an estimated 300 boxers. What makes Ironbound unique is Steadman's background, Council said.Steadman "wanted to come out and give young people an opportunity, a hope — give them an alternative sport," Council said. "But, more importantly, build mentorship and discipline by providing young people with other opportunities in life — building strong character so they can realize, as a young man or young woman, that life has opportunities for them to succeed."Council noted the story of Newark's Shakur Stevenson, the professional boxer who won a silver medal for the United States in the 2016 Summer Olympics. The 23-year-old serves as a shining example to Newark's youth that, with hard work and discipline, anything is possible, Council said.In addition to boxing, the city offers a variety of recreational activities for residents, such as the Pop Warner youth football programs, the Newark Striders track and field programs, step teams and bowling and more, Council said. "The more options that we provide for young people, [the more] it provides a catalyst for exploration. It gives young people an opportunity and a venue to explore many different things to help find their niche," Council said.For Steadman, boxing is the vehicle to connect with Newark's youth. Through the sport, he hopes to solve some of the issues faced by his boxers.“A lot of places are trying to come in with this top down solution to these communities — but they’re not in the community, so they’re not coming from a community-focused effort,” Steadman said. “One of the things that make us unique is we’re in the trenches. We’re based in the community that we’re targeting. We’re not some firm out in Silicon Valley. We are focused on local solutions to national issues, and one of the things we’re able to bring to the fight is human capital from the veteran community.”From its Thrive team to its boxing coaches, Ironbound is funded and run mostly by veterans. The team also includes a critical network of Newark locals, including Keith Colon, who partners with Steadman to run the gym. Steadman says the organization is a “vehicle for veterans to attack the racial unrest, for them to attack the economic hardships." The group is laying the groundwork for Newark to become a model for other cities.Steadman expressed frustration at the narrow, stereotyped way he believes the veteran population is often depicted.“The conservative media has hijacked ‘veteran,’ and we’re almost all painted as these gung-ho, Blue Lives Matter over everything else, far-right, liberty or death, or whatever. And I’m more like: 1619. Let’s talk about it,” Steadman said, referring to the year slaves were first brought to America. “My point is that ‘veteran’ is a wide space.”Through Ironbound Boxing, he said, veterans are "bringing solutions to the inner city and they’re in the trenches."Melanie Anzidei is a reporter for NorthJersey.com. To get unlimited access to the latest news, please subscribe or activate your digital account today.Email: anzidei@northjersey.comTwitter: @melanieanzidei View Comments