http://www.247.tv/privacy-policy
This Privacy Policy sets out how we, 247.TV LTD, collect, store and use information about you when you use or interact with our websites, https://www.247.tv; https://www.247.tv/live; https://www.247.tv/eihl, https://console.247platform.com and http://help.horizonsolutions.tv/department/horizon-support and where we otherwise obtain or collect information about you.
This Privacy Policy is effective from 25th May 2018.
Contents
Summary
Our details
Information we collect when you visit our websites
Information we collect when you contact us
Information we collect when you interact with our websites
Information we collect when you place an order on our websites
How we collect or obtain information about you from third parties
Disclosure and additional uses of your information
How long we retain your information
How we secure your information
Your rights in relation to your information
Your right to object to the processing of your information for certain purposes
Sensitive Personal Information
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Children’s Privacy
California Do Not Track Disclosures
Copyright, credit and logo
Summary
This section summarises how we obtain, store and use information about you. It is intended to provide a very general overview only. It is not complete in and of itself and it must be read in conjunction with the corresponding full sections of this Privacy Policy.
Data controller: 247.TV LTD.
How we collect or obtain information about you:
when you provide it to us (e.g. by contacting us, placing an order on our website,by subscribing to services and by accessing our content
from your use of our website, using cookies and similar technologies.
Information we collect: name, contact details, IP address, tracking cookies, information about your computer or device (e.g. device and browser type), information about how you use our website (e.g. which pages you have viewed, the time when you view them and what you clicked on, the geographical location from which you accessed our website (based on your IP address), company name or business name (if applicable) and VAT number (if applicable).
How we use your information: for administrative and business purposes (particularly to contact you and process orders you place on our website(s), to improve our business and website, to advertise our goods and services, to analyse your use of our website and in connection with our legal rights and obligations.
Disclosure of your information to third parties: only to the extent necessary to run our business
Do we sell your information to third parties (other than in the course of a business sale or purchase or similar event)?: No
How long we retain your information: for no longer than necessary, taking into account any legal obligations we have (e.g. to maintain records for tax purposes), any other legal basis we have for using your information (e.g. your consent, performance of a contract with you or our legitimate interests as a business. For specific retention periods in relation to certain information which we collect from you, please see the main section below entitled How long we retain your information.
How we secure your information: using appropriate technical and organisational measures such as storing your information on secure servers, encrypting transfers of data to or from our servers using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology, encrypting payments you make on or via our website using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology, only granting access to your information where necessary.
Use of cookies: we use cookies on our website including essential, functional and analytical. For more information, please visit our cookies policy here: https://www.247.tv/cookie-policy
Transfers of your information outside the European Economic Area: we will only transfer your information outside the European Economic Area if we are required to do so by law.
Use of automated decision making and profiling: we do not use automated decision making and/or profiling.
Your rights in relation to your information
to access your information and to receive information about its use
to have your information corrected and/or completed
to have your information deleted
to restrict the use of your information
to receive your information in a portable format
to object to the use of your information
to withdraw your consent to the use of your information
to complain to a supervisory authority
Sensitive personal information: we do not knowingly or intentionally collect what is commonly referred to as ‘sensitive personal information’. Please do not submit sensitive personal information about you to us. For more information, please see the main section below entitled Sensitive Personal Information.
Our details
The data controller in respect of our website is 247.TV LTD. Company registration number: 3129175 of The Firs, Barston Lane, Solihull, West Midlands, B92 0JP, UK You can contact the data controller by writing to the above address or sending an email to GetInTouch@247.tv.
The data controller’s representative is The Head of Technical Services. You can contact the data controller’s representative by writing to The Firs, Barston Lane, Solihull, West Midlands, B92 0JP or sending an email to GetInTouch@247.tvIf you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact the data controller.
Information we collect when you visit our website
We collect and use information from website visitors in accordance with this section and the section entitled Disclosure and additional uses of your information.
Web server log information
We use a third party server to host our website Amazon Web Service, the privacy policy of which is available here: https://aws.amazon.com/privacy. Our website server automatically logs the IP address you use to access our website as well as other information about your visit such as the pages accessed, information requested, the date and time of the request, the source of your access to our website (e.g. the website or URL (link) which referred you to our website), and your browser version and operating system
Our servers are located at Amazon Web Services Data Centre(s) in Ireland.
Use of website server log information for IT security purposes
We collect and store server logs to ensure network and IT security and so that the server and website remain uncompromised. This includes analysing log files to help identify and prevent unauthorised access to our network, the distribution of malicious code, denial of services attacks and other cyber attacks, by detecting unusual or suspicious activity.
Unless we are investigating suspicious or potential criminal activity, we do not make, nor do we allow our hosting provider to make, any attempt to identify you from the information collected via server logs.
Legal basis for processing: compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject (Article 6(1)(c) of the General Data Protection Regulation).Legal obligation: we have a legal obligation to implement appropriate technical and organisational measures to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk of our processing of information about individuals. Recording access to our website using server log files is such a measure.Legal basis for processing: our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation).Legitimate interests: we have a legitimate interest in using your information for the purposes of ensuring network and information security.
Use of website server log information to analyse website use and improve our website
We use the information collected by our website server logs to analyse how our website users interact with our website and its features. For example, we analyse the number of visits and unique visitors we receive, the time and date of the visit, the location of the visit and the operating system and browser used.
We use the information gathered from the analysis of this information to improve our website. For example, we use the information gathered to change the information, content and structure of our website and individual pages based according to what users are engaging most with and the duration of time spent on particular pages on our website.
Legal basis for processing: our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation). Legitimate interest: improving our website for our website users and getting to know our website users’ preferences so our website can better meet their needs and desires.
Cookies and similar technologies
Cookies are data files which are sent from a website to a browser to record information about users for various purposes.
We use cookies and similar technologies on our website, including essential, functional, analytical. For further information on how we use cookies, please see our cookies policy which is available here: https://www.247.tv/cookie-policyYou can reject some or all of the cookies we use on or via our website by changing your browser settings, but doing so can impair your ability to use our website or some or all of its features. For further information about cookies, including how to change your browser settings, please visit www.allaboutcookies.org or see our cookies policy.
Information we collect when you contact us
We collect and use information from individuals who contact us in accordance with this section and the section entitled Disclosure and additional uses of your information.
Email
When you send an email to the email address displayed on our website we collect your email address and any other information you provide in that email (such as your name, telephone number and the information contained in any signature block in your email).
Legal basis for processing: our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation). Legitimate interest(s): responding to enquiries and messages we receive and keeping records of correspondence.Legal basis for processing: necessary to perform a contract or to take steps at your request to enter into a contract (Article 6(1)(b) of the General Data Protection Regulation).Reason why necessary to perform a contract: where your message relates to us providing you with goods or services or taking steps at your request prior to providing you with our goods and services (for example, providing you with information about such goods and services), we will process your information in order to do so).
Transfer and storage of your informationWe use a third party email provider to store emails you send us. Our third party email provider is UK2 . Their privacy policy is available here: https://www.uk2.net/terms-and-conditions/privacy-policy/Emails you send us will be stored within the European Economic Area on our third party email provider’s servers in England.
Contact form
When you contact us using our contact form, we collect your name, email address, IP address. We also collect any other information you provide to us when you complete the contact form.If you do not provide the mandatory information required by our contact form, you will not be able to submit the contact form and we will not receive your enquiry.
Legal basis for processing: our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation).Legitimate interest(s): responding to enquiries and messages we receive and keeping records of correspondence.Legal basis for processing: necessary to perform a contract or to take steps at your request to enter into a contract (Article 6(1)(b) of the General Data Protection Regulation).Reason why necessary to perform a contract: where your message relates to us providing you with goods or services or taking steps at your request prior to providing you with our goods and services (for example, providing you with information about such goods and services), we will process your information in order to do so).
Transfer and storage of your information
Messages you send us via our contact form will be stored within the European Economic Area on our third party email provider’s servers in England. Our third party email provider is UK2 located in England. Their privacy policy is available here: https://www.uk2.net/terms-and-conditions/privacy-policy/
Phone
When you contact us by phone, we collect your phone number and any information provide to us during your conversation with us.We do not record phone calls.Legal basis for processing: our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation) Legitimate interest(s): responding to enquiries and messages we receive and keeping records of correspondence.Legal basis for processing: necessary to perform a contract or to take steps at your request to enter into a contract (Article 6(1)(b) of the General Data Protection Regulation).Reason why necessary to perform a contract: where your message relates to us providing you with goods or services or taking steps at your request prior to providing you with our goods and services (for example, providing you with information about such goods and services), we will process your information in order to do so).
Transfer and storage of your information
Information about your call, such as your phone number and the date and time of your call, is processed by our third party telephone service provider MoneyPenny. Their privacy policy is available here: https://www.moneypenny.com/uk/privacy/
Information about your phone call will be stored by our third party telephone service provider within the European Economic Area.
Post
If you contact us by post, we will collect any information you provide to us in any postal communications you send us.
Legal basis for processing: our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation) Legitimate interest(s): responding to enquiries and messages we receive and keeping records of correspondence.Legal basis for processing: necessary to perform a contract or to take steps at your request to enter into a contract (Article 6(1)(b) of the General Data Protection Regulation).Reason why necessary to perform a contract: where your message relates to us providing you with goods or services or taking steps at your request prior to providing you with our goods and services (for example, providing you with information about such goods and services), we will process your information in order to do so).
Information we collect when you interact with our website
We collect and use information from individuals who interact with particular features of our website in accordance with this section and the section entitled Disclosure and additional uses of your information.
E-Newsletter
When you sign up to access our online content on our websites or opt to receive news, offers from us by registering we collect your name and email address.Legal basis for processing: your consent (Article 6(1)(a) of the General Data Protection Regulation). Consent: you give your consent to us sending you our e-newsletter by signing up to receive it using the steps described above.
Transfer and storage of your information
Information you submit to subscribe for our e-newsletter will be stored within the European Economic Area.
Use of web beacons and similar technologies in emails
We use technologies such as web beacons (small graphic files) in the emails we send to allow us to assess the level of engagement our emails receive by measuring information such as the delivery rates, open rates and click through rates.For more information on how we use web beacons in our e-newsletter emails, see our cookies policy which is available here: https://www.247.tv/cookie-policy
Registering on our website
When you register and create an account on our websites, we collect the following information: name, email address, IP address and any other information you provide to us when you complete the registration form.
If you do not provide the mandatory information required by the registration form, you will not be able to register or create an account on our website.
If you do not supply the optional information requested by our registration form we will not be able to respond to your enquiry by email.
Legal basis for processing: necessary to perform a contract or to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract (Article 6(1)(b) of the General Data Protection Regulation). Reason why necessary to perform a contract: creating an account on our website is necessary to allow you to access the goods and services you have purchased from us
Transfer and storage of your information
Information you submit to us via the registration form on our website will be stored within the European Economic Area on our third party hosting provider’s servers in Ireland. Our third party hosting provider is Amazon Web Services. Their privacy policy is available here: https://aws.amazon.com/privacy.
Information we collect when you place an order on our websites
We collect and use information from individuals who place an order on our website in accordance with this section and the section entitled Disclosure and additional uses of your information.
Information collected when you place an order
Mandatory information
When you place an order for goods or services on our website, we collect your name, email address, billing address, shipping address, company name (if applicable), VAT number (if applicable) and contact telephone number.If you do not provide this information, you will not be able to purchase goods or services from us on our website or enter into a contract with us.
Legal basis for processing: necessary to perform a contract (Article 6(1)(b) of the General Data Protection Regulation). Reason why necessary to perform a contract: we need the mandatory information collected by our checkout form to establish who the contract is with and to contact you to fulfil our obligations under the contract, including sending you receipts and order confirmations.
Optional information
We also collect optional information from you, such as information about how you heard about us. We also ask you if you would like to receive marketing communications from us. For further information, see ‘Marketing communications’ in this section below.
Legal basis for processing: your consent (Article 6(1)(a) of the General Data Protection Regulation). Legitimate interests: you consent to us processing any optional information you provide by submitting that information to us.
Processing your payment
After you place an order on our website you will need to make payment for the goods or services you have ordered. In order to process your payment we use a third party payment processor. Your payment will be processed by PayPal. PayPal collects, uses and processes your information, including payment information, in accordance with their privacy policy. You can access its privacy policy via the following link: https://www.paypal.com/en/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
Transfer and storage of your information
PayPal stores and processes your personal information within and outside the EEA, for a full privacy Policy please refer to: https://www.paypal.com/en/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full, when you place an order with us you are accepting the terms and privacy policy of our third party payment processor.
PayPal API Details
On our website https://console.247platform.com you have the option to give us your PayPal API details including the PayPal API certificate for us to process payments on your behalf including receiving the processor responses when a customer cancels their subscription or when they file a claim for unauthorised payment. We will store your PayPal details unencrypted on our database in Ireland and the certificate will be secured on our servers inside the EEA.
Legal basis for processing: necessary to perform a contract (Article 6(1)(b) of the General Data Protection Regulation).Reason why necessary to perform a contract: to fulfil your contractual obligation to pay for the goods or services you have ordered from us.
Marketing communications
At registration you will have the option of receiving marketing communications from us.
Our goods and services
You can opt in to receiving marketing communications from us in relation to our goods and services opting in when you register an account at our website(s).
We will send you marketing communications in relation to our goods and services only if you opt-in to receive them.
Legal basis for processing: consent (Article 6(1)(a) of the General Data Protection Regulation). Consent: you give your consent to us sending you information about our goods and services by signing up to receive such information in accordance with the steps described above.
Transfer and storage of your information
Information you submit to subscribe for our e-newsletter will be stored within the European Economic Area on our servers in Ireland.
Use of web beacons and similar technologies in emails
We use technologies such as web beacons (small graphic files) in the emails we send to allow us to assess the level of engagement our emails receive by measuring information such as the delivery rates, open rates and click through rates which our emails achieve.
For more information on how we use web beacons in our emails, see our cookies policy which is available here: https://www.247.tv/cookie-policy
Information collected or obtained from third parties
This section sets out how we obtain or collect information about you from third parties.
Information received from third parties
We do receive information about you from third parties. The third parties from which we receive information about you will generally include our payment processor.
It is also possible that third parties with whom we have had no prior contact may provide us with information about you.
Information we obtain from third parties will generally be your name and contact details, but will include any additional information about you which they provide to us.
Legal basis for processing: necessary to perform a contract or to take steps at your request to enter into a contract (Article 6(1)(b) of the General Data Protection Regulation).Reason why necessary to perform a contract: where a third party has passed on information about you to us (such as your name and email address) in order for us to provide services to you, we will process your information in order to take steps at your request to enter into a contract with you and perform a contract with you (as the case may be).Legal basis for processing: consent (Article 6(1)(a) of the General Data Protection Regulation).Consent: where you have asked that a third party to share information about you with us and the purpose of sharing that information is not related to the performance of a contract or services by us to you, we will process your information on the basis of your consent, which you give by asking the third party in question to pass on your information to us.Legal basis for processing: our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation).Legitimate interests: where a third party has shared information about you with us and you have not consented to the sharing of that information, we will have a legitimate interest in processing that information in certain circumstances.For example, we would have a legitimate interest in processing your information to perform our obligations under a sub-contract with the third party, where the third party has the main contract with you. Our legitimate interest is the performance of our obligations under our sub-contract.
Similarly, third parties may pass on information about you to us if you have infringed or potentially infringed any of our legal rights. In this case, we will have a legitimate interest in processing that information to investigate and pursue any such potential infringement.
Where we receive information about you in errorIf we receive information about you from a third party in error and/or we do not have a legal basis for processing that information, we will delete your information.
ProfilingProfiling is any form of automated processing of your information to evaluate personal aspects about you, in particular to analyse or predict things like your performance at work, economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behaviour, location or movements.
Use of profiling for web analytics
Our web analytics service Google Analytics collects information such as your location (based on your IP address) and your behaviour (based on cookies) when you access our website (such as the pages you visit and what you click on). We will only process information from cookies if you have consented to us setting cookies on your computer in accordance with our cookies policy (cookie policy).
Logic involved: by automatically analysing and categorising information such as the location (based on IP address) as well as the behaviour and devices of visitors to our website (using cookies), we are able to gain a better understanding of what our website visitors want (in terms of the content of our website and our products), how to improve our website and how to advertise and market our services to them.Significance and envisaged consequences: cookies will be used to track and store information about your behaviour and device on our website (unless you have opted out from receiving such cookies by disabling cookies in your web browser) and your location will be analysed based on your IP address.Legal basis for processing: our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation).Legitimate interest: to improve and optimise the service offered by our website by analysing the data collected by Google Analytics.
Use of profiling in marketing emails
We use web beacons in our marketing emails to analyse who opens our emails and what actions they take (for example, what they click on). We will only process information from web beacons if you have consented to their use in accordance with our cookies policy (https://www.247.tv/cookie-policy).
Logic involved: by analysing how our email recipients respond to our emails, we are able to improve the content and effectiveness of our emails and gauge who is most interested.
Significance and envisaged consequences: your behaviour when you open our emails will be tracked using small gif files (web beacons), including open rates, click through rates.How to object: you can choose to not opt in to our marketing emails when you first register or you can follow the link to unsubscribe in the email we send you.Legal basis for processing: legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation).Legitimate interest: analysing the level of engagement and effectiveness of our marketing emails and content
Disclosure and additional uses of your information
This section sets out the circumstances in which will disclose information about you to third parties and any additional purposes for which we use your information.
Disclosure of your information to service providers
We use a number of third parties to provide us with services which are necessary to run our business or to assist us with running our business and who process your information for us on our behalf. These include the following:
Telephone provider(s), including MoneyPenny. Their privacy policy is available here: https://www.moneypenny.com/uk/privacy/
Email provider(s), including UK2. Their privacy policy is available here: https://www.uk2.net/terms-and-conditions/privacy-policy/
Hosting provider(s), including UK2, Amazon Web Services. Their privacy policy is available here: https://www.uk2.net/terms-and-conditions/privacy-policy/ , https://www.amazon.co.uk/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=502584
Payment processor, including PayPal. Their privacy policy is available here: https://www.paypal.com/en/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
Our third party service providers are located within the EEA.
Your information will be shared with these service providers where necessary to provide you with the service you have requested, whether that is accessing our website or ordering goods and services from us.
Legal basis for processing: legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation). Legitimate interest relied on: where we share your information with these third parties in a context other than where is necessary to perform a contract (or take steps at your request to do so), we will share your information with such third parties in order to allow us to run and manage our business efficiently.Legal basis for processing: necessary to perform a contract and/or to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract (Article 6(1)(b) of the General Data Protection Regulation). Reason why necessary to perform a contract: we may need to share information with our service providers to enable us to perform our obligations under that contract or to take the steps you have requested before we enter into a contract with you.
Disclosure of your information to other third parties
We disclose your information to other third parties in specific circumstances, as set out below.
Providing information to third parties such as Google inc.
Google collects information through our use of Google Analytics on our website. Google uses this information, including IP addresses and information from cookies, for a number of purposes, such as improving its Google Analytics service. Information is shared with Google on an aggregated and anonymised basis. To find out more about what information Google collects, how it uses this information and how to control the information sent to Google, please see the following page: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
Legal basis for processing: our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation). Legitimate interest(s): meeting our contractual obligations to Google under our Google Analytics Terms of Service (https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html) You can opt out of Google Analytics by installing the browser plugin here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Transfer and storage of your information
Information collected by Google Analytics is stored outside the European Economic Area on Google’s servers in the United States of America.
Sharing your information with third parties, which are either related to or associated with the running of our business, where it is necessary for us to do so. These third parties include our accountants. Further information on each of these third parties is set out below.
Legal basis for processing: our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation). Legitimate interest: running and managing our business efficiently.
Accountants
We share information with our accountants for tax purposes. For example, we share invoices we issue and receive with our accountants for the purpose of completing tax returns and our end of year accounts. Our accountants are Lowson Ward Ltd. Their privacy policy is available here: http://www.lowsonward.com/privacy-statement-and-cookie-policy Advisors
Occasionally, we obtain advice from advisors, such as accountants, financial advisors, lawyers and public relations professionals. We will share your information with these third parties only where it is necessary to enable these third parties to be able to provide us with the relevant advice.
Our advisors are https://www.pillingerandassociates.co.uk . Their privacy policy is available here: https://www.pillingerandassociates.co.uk/privacy/ Independent contractors
Occasionally, we use independent contractors in our business. Your information will be shared with independent contractors only where it is necessary for them to perform the function we have hired them perform in relation to our business.
Our independent contractors are under contract with 247.TV Ltd. to have appropriate GDPR protection in place and all contractors equipment is installed with appropriate MDM software to comply with our privacy policies.
Our independent contractors are categorised as Media Industry Sector, 254010, sub-sector Broadcasting contractors, located in England. Insurers
We will share your information with our insurers where it is necessary to do so, for example in relation to a claim or potential claim we receive or make or under our general disclosure obligations under our insurance contract with them.Our insurers are Integro Insurance Brokers Ltd. Their privacy policy is available here: https://integrogroup.com/uk/policies/privacy-policy
Disclosure and use of your information for legal reasons
Indicating possible criminal acts or threats to public security to a competent authority
If we suspect that criminal or potential criminal conduct has been occurred, we will in certain circumstances need to contact an appropriate authority, such as the police. This could be the case, for instance, if we suspect that we fraud or a cyber crime has been committed or if we receive threats or malicious communications towards us or third parties.
We will generally only need to process your information for this purpose if you were involved or affected by such an incident in some way.Legal basis for processing: our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation).Legitimate interests: preventing crime or suspected criminal activity (such as fraud).
In connection with the enforcement or potential enforcement our legal rights
We will use your information in connection with the enforcement or potential enforcement of our legal rights, including, for example, sharing information with debt collection agencies if you do not pay amounts owed to us when you are contractually obliged to do so. Our legal rights may be contractual (where we have entered into a contract with you) or non-contractual (such as legal rights that we have under copyright law or tort law).
Legal basis for processing: our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation).Legitimate interest: enforcing our legal rights and taking steps to enforce our legal rights.
In connection with a legal or potential legal dispute or proceedings
We may need to use your information if we are involved in a dispute with you or a third party for example, either to resolve the dispute or as part of any mediation, arbitration or court resolution or similar process.
Legal basis for processing: our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation).Legitimate interest(s): resolving disputes and potential disputes.
For ongoing compliance with laws, regulations and other legal requirements
We will use and process your information in order to comply with legal obligations to which we are subject. For example, we may need to disclose your information pursuant to a court order or subpoena if we receive one or to the National Crime Agency in connection with suspected or potential money laundering matters.
Legal basis for processing: compliance with a legal obligation (Article 6(1)(c) of the General Data Protection Regulation). Legal obligation(s): legal obligations to disclose information which are part of the laws of England or if they have been integrated into the United Kingdom’s legal framework (for example in the form of an international agreement which the United Kingdom has signed).Legal basis for processing: our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation). Legitimate interest: where the legal obligations are part of the laws of another country and have not been integrated into the United Kingdom’s legal framework, we have a legitimate interest in complying with these obligations.
How long we retain your information
This section sets out how long we retain your information. We have set out specific retention periods where possible. Where that has not been possible, we have set out the criteria we use to determine the retention period.Retention periods
Server log information: If you have registered with us before May 2018 we will contact you to request that you opt-in in order for us to continue contacting you by your chosen method. If we do not receive a response from you your personal information will be erased from our records. If you register with us from May 2018 onwards you will be required to opt-in to continue to receive information from us. If your account is inactive for a period of 24 months we will remove your account and erase our records.
Correspondence and enquiries: when you make an enquiry or correspond with us for any reason, whether by email or via our contact form or by phone, we will retain your information for as long as it takes to respond to and resolve your enquiry, after which point we will delete your information.
E-Newsletter: we retain the information you used to sign up for our e-newsletter for as long as you remain subscribed (i.e. you do not unsubscribe) or if we decide to cancel our e-newsletter service, whichever comes earlier.
Criteria for determining retention periods
In any other circumstances, we will retain your information for no longer than necessary, taking into account the following:the purpose(s) and use of your information both now and in the future (such as whether it is necessary to continue to store that information in order to continue to perform our obligations under a contract with you or to contact you in the future);
whether we have any legal obligation to continue to process your information (such as any record-keeping obligations imposed by relevant law or regulation);
whether we have any legal basis to continue to process your information (such as your consent);
any relevant agreed industry practices on how long information should be retained;
the levels of risk, cost and liability involved with us continuing to hold the information;
how hard it is to ensure that the information can be kept up to date and accurate; and
any relevant surrounding circumstances (such as the nature and status of our relationship with you).
How we secure your information
We take appropriate technical and organisational measures to secure your information and to protect it against unauthorised or unlawful use and accidental loss or destruction, including:
only sharing and providing access to your information to the minimum extent necessary, subject to confidentiality restrictions where appropriate, and on an anonymised basis wherever possible;
using secure servers to store your information
verifying the identity of any individual who requests access to information prior to granting them access to information;
using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software to encrypt any information you submit to us via any forms on our website and any payment transactions you make on or via our website
Transmission of information to us by email
Transmission of information over the internet is not entirely secure, and if you submit any information to us over the internet (whether by email, via our website or any other means), you do so entirely at your own risk.We cannot be responsible for any costs, expenses, loss of profits, harm to reputation, damages, liabilities or any other form of loss or damage suffered by you as a result of your decision to transmit information to us by such means.
Transfers of your information outside the European Economic AreaAll of your information is stored in the following European Economic Area (EEA) countries : Ireland, UK.
Google Analytics
Information collected by Google Analytics (your IP address and actions you take in relation to our website) is transferred outside the EEA and stored on Google’s servers. You can access Google’s privacy policy here: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Country of storage: United States of America. This country is not subject to an adequacy decision by the European Commission.Safeguard(s) used: Google has self-certified its compliance with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield which is available here: https://www.privacyshield.gov/welcome. The EU-U.S. Privacy Shield is an approved certification mechanism under Article 42 of the General Data Protection Regulation, which is permitted under Article 46(2)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation. You can access the European Commission decision on the adequacy of the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield here: http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/international-transfers/adequacy/index_en.htm
Your rights in relation to your information
Subject to certain limitations on certain rights, you have the following rights in relation to your information, which you can exercise by writing to The Firs, Barston Lane, Solihull, West Midlands, B92 0JP or GetInTouch@247.tv:
to request access to your information and information related to our use and processing of your information;
to request the correction or deletion of your information;
to request that we restrict our use of your information;
to receive information which you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format (e.g. a CSV file) and the right to have that information transferred to another data controller (including a third party data controller);
to object to the processing of your information for certain purposes (for further information, see the section below entitled Your right to object to the processing of your information for certain purposes); and
to withdraw your consent to our use of your information at any time where we rely on your consent to use or process that information. Please note that if you withdraw your consent, this will not affect the lawfulness of our use and processing of your information on the basis of your consent before the point in time when you withdraw your consent.In accordance with Article 77 of the General Data Protection Regulation, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State of your habitual residence, place of work or of an alleged infringement of the General Data Protection Regulation.
For the purposes of the UK, the supervisory authority is the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the contact details of which are available here: https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/
Further information on your rights in relation to your personal data as an individual
The above rights are provided in summary form only and certain limitations apply to many of these rights. For further information about your rights in relation to your information, including any limitations which apply, please visit the following pages on the ICO’s website:
https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr/individual-rights/; and
https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public/is-my-information-being-handled-correctly/
You can also find out further information about your rights, as well as information on any limitations which apply to those rights, by reading the underlying legislation contained in Articles 12 to 22 and 34 of the General Data Protection Regulation, which is available here: http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/reform/files/regulation_oj_en.pdf
Verifying your identity where you request access to your information
Where you request access to your information, we are required by law to use all reasonable measures to verify your identity before doing so. These measures are designed to protect your information and to reduce the risk of identity fraud, identity theft or general unauthorised access to your information.
How we verify your identity
Where we possess appropriate information about you on file, we will attempt to verify your identity using that information.
If it is not possible to identity you from such information, or if we have insufficient information about you, we may require original or certified copies of certain documentation in order to be able to verify your identity before we are able to provide you with access to your information.
We will be able to confirm the precise information we require to verify your identity in your specific circumstances if and when you make such a request.
Your right to object to the processing of your information for certain purposes
You have the following rights in relation to your information, which you may exercise in the same way as you may exercise by writing to The Firs, Barston Lane, Solihull, West Midlands, B92 0JP or GetInTouch@247.tv:
to object to us using or processing your information where we use or process it in order to carry out a task in the public interest or for our legitimate interests, including ‘profiling’ (i.e. analysing or predicting your behaviour based on your information) based on any of these purposes; andto object to us using or processing your information for direct marketing purposes (including any profiling we engage in that is related to such direct marketing).
You may also exercise your right to object to us using or processing your information for direct marketing purposes by:
clicking the unsubscribe link contained at the bottom of any marketing email we send to you and following the instructions which appear in your browser following your clicking on that link;
sending an email to unsubscribe@247.tv asking that we stop sending you marketing communications or by including the words “OPT OUT”.
For more information on how to object to our use of information collected from cookies and similar technologies, please see the section entitled How to accept or reject cookies in our cookies policy, which is available here: https://www.247.tv/cookie-policy
Sensitive Personal Information
‘Sensitive personal information’ is information about an individual that reveals their racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership, genetic information, biometric information for the purpose of uniquely identifying an individual, information concerning health or information concerning a natural person’s sex life or sexual orientation.
We do not knowingly or intentionally collect sensitive personal information from individuals, and you must not submit sensitive personal information to us.
If, however, you inadvertently or intentionally transmit sensitive personal information to us, you will be considered to have explicitly consented to us processing that sensitive personal information under Article 9(2)(a) of the General Data Protection Regulation. We will use and process your sensitive personal information for the purposes of deleting it.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We update and amend our Privacy Policy from time to time.
Minor changes to our Privacy Policy
Where we make minor changes to our Privacy Policy, we will update our Privacy Policy with a new effective date stated at the beginning of it. Our processing of your information will be governed by the practices set out in that new version of the Privacy Policy from its effective date onwards.
Major changes to our Privacy Policy or the purposes for which we process your information
Where we make major changes to our Privacy Policy or intend to use your information for a new purpose or a different purpose than the purposes for which we originally collected it, we will notify you by email (where possible) or by posting a notice on our website.
We will provide you with the information about the change in question and the purpose and any other relevant information before we use your information for that new purpose.Wherever required, we will obtain your prior consent before using your information for a purpose that is different from the purposes for which we originally collected it.
Children’s Privacy
Because we care about the safety and privacy of children online, we comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA). COPPA and its accompanying regulations protect the privacy of children using the internet. We do not knowingly contact or collect information from persons under the age of 18. The website is not intended to solicit information of any kind from persons under the age of 18.It is possible that we could receive information pertaining to persons under the age of 18 by the fraud or deception of a third party. If we are notified of this, as soon as we verify the information, we will, where required by law to do so, immediately obtain the appropriate parental consent to use that information or, if we are unable to obtain such parental consent, we will delete the information from our servers. If you would like to notify us of our receipt of information about persons under the age of 18, please do so by sending an email to GetInTouch@247.tv
California Do Not Track Disclosures
“Do Not Track” is a privacy preference that users can set in their web browsers. When a user turns on a Do Not Track signal in their browser, the browser sends a message to websites requesting that they do not track the user. For information about Do Not Track, please visit www.allaboutdnt.org
At this time, we do not respond to Do Not Track browser settings or signals. In addition, we use other technology that is standard to the internet, such as pixel tags, web beacons, and other similar technologies, to track visitors to the website. Those tools may be used by us and by third parties to collect information about you and your internet activity, even if you have turned on the Do Not Track signal. For information on how to opt out from tracking technologies used on our website, see our cookies policy which is available here: https://www.247.tv/cookie-policy
Copyright, credit and logo
This Privacy Policy is based on a General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/769) (GDPR) compliant template provided by GDPR Privacy Policy. For further information, please visit https://gdprprivacypolicy.orgThe copyright in this Privacy Policy is either owned by, or licensed to, us and is protected by copyright laws around the world and copyright protection software. All intellectual property rights in this document are reserved.Where we display the GDPR Privacy Policy logo on our website, this is used to indicate that we have adopted a privacy policy template provided by GDPR Privacy Policy as the basis for this Privacy Policy.
Anne Fuynel, IFSC
IFSC have worked with 247 for five years and during that time their team worked hard in challenging venues all around the world to produce a high quality webcast for our global audience, helping us to achieve brand consistency and maximise global coverage for fans.
247 interfaced with our complex scoring and timing systems to produce informative graphics, worked with sponsors to showcase them in programmes, provided informed commentary, news clips to media and worked with all of our national event organisers around the world to coordinate logistics.
The 247 guys always worked very hard to deliver on our expectations and have helped IFSC to reach a new online audience.
Darren Alcock, English Schools Football Association
247.tv have produced superb webcasts of our major finals and some international matches too.
The quality is there for all to see and has been tremendously received by our teams and players. We only aim to do more and more with them over the coming years as we expand our offering.
Glen Gibson, PlayStation Schools Cup Festival Organiser
247.tv did a great job televising the PlayStation Schools’ Cup Finals for the first time and we were very pleased with the quality of the coverage. Adding further value the TV content interaction with supporters up and down the country via Twitter brought the fans and teams together on the day.
We loved the way they worked professionally behind-the-scenes, always with a smile.
Ian Leafe, GB Taekwondo
247.tv have been a strong and valued partner of GB Taekwondo for nearly 10 years and have grown with us as we have gone from Sky Sports Highlight shows through to the current production of our Grand Prix series which is Live on BBC TV and around the World with highlights on BT Sport. The fact that they bring in truly professional commentators as well means I don't have to worry about any aspect of the show and their innovative use of headset radios with commentary being given to our VIPS has also made a massive difference to how our major showpiece events are delivered. Their technical expertise has also helped in other areas such as providing an internet infrastructure to the whole event.
Peter Thompson English, Indoor Bowling Association
247.tv has proven to be a strong and enthusiastic partner and has grown with us in providing more Bowls on UK TV via Sky Sports, Premier Sports, Eurosport and  BT Sport. Each Time 247.tv have been innovative with their productions and have kept their costs more than competitive which has enabled us to produce even more strong TV content.
Richard Webb, Premier Sports
247 have delivered a number of strong productions to us on many of occasions across a variety of sports from Ice Hockey to Rugby League. They offer very good value which has made it possible for us to cover some sports that otherwise would not be televised. The quality of their productions are up there with larger budget shows.
Steve McNally, US Taekwondo
247.tv have produced quality output at all our major events in the past few years and we look to cement our relationship even further. Bringing them across the pond from the UK is well worth the extra expense of flights and our recent show live on NBC of the Olympic Trials was very well received
Tom Price, RFU Schools Cup
247 have worked with the RFU since 2006 and our relationship has grown in strength having covered more and more of our events. They provide quality productions at an extremely competitive price and we have extended our relationship to cover international womens and U20 matches, schools, clubs and 7s. Their enthusiasm and "can do attitude" make 247 a pleasure to work with and they are continually making improvements to their product.
The feedback we
have received from those watching our events has been extremely positive and it has allowed us to unlock a new online audience which we never would have been able to do without the help of 247.
They have truly gained a reputation within the sport.
Volleyball England
247.tv have been involved with for us for many years, whether it is our National Finals being webcast, the Beach Tour being shown on TV or the London Legacy Volleyball Cup held at the iconic Copper Box Arena.
We noticed their Live TV shows with British Volleyball which were being shown live throughout Europe and on Sky Sports and once we made contact with each other, we have not looked back. They always go the extra mile for us and produce great quality shows within a very tight budget. They seem to always have new ideas for improving the services they provide to us and their team is very professional in all aspects when working with us.
Youth Sport Trust
When covering 12 sports live simultaneously, there is only one company in the UK who could do this in a cost effective but professional way. 247.tv had extensive experience covering a number of the sports up to an international level so were able to bring in quality graphics and knowledge about the sport. Most of the national governing bodies knew 247 already and this made the whole process simple to plan and we were delighted that the coverage has been so well received
Anne Fuynel, IFSCDarren Alcock, English Schools Football AssociationGlen Gibson, PlayStation Schools Cup Festival OrganiserIan Leafe, GB TaekwondoPeter Thompson English, Indoor Bowling AssociationRichard Webb, Premier SportsSteve McNally, US TaekwondoTom Price, RFU Schools CupVolleyball EnglandYouth Sport Trust
Get in Touch
HomePrivacy Policy