http://www.goldhillholidays.co.uk/terms-a-conditions.html
Legal and Privacy statement
Gold Hill Holidays is a limited company registered in England and Wales under No. 04397484
Registered Address
Gold Hill Holidays Limited
Hobbit Hollow,Bull Lane,Gerrards Cross,SL9 8RZt: +44 (0)1753 880 753f: +44 (0)1753 880 754e: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Personal Information
Use of Personal Information
Gold Hill Holidays will only use the personal information you have chosen to provide us with for the purpose for which you provided it for example: to facilitate your booking, to inform you of any changes to your booking, to keep you updated on Gold Hill Holidays activities and trips, and any other reasonable use. Gold Hill Holidays will not use it for any other purpose without your consent.
No Sale of Personal Information
Under no circumstances will Gold Hill Holidays sell or receive payment for licensing or disclosing your personal information.
Disclosure
There may be an occasion where it will be necessary for Gold Hill Holidays to disclose your personal information to third parties, to provide the service you have requested. For example, to purchase insurance or ski passes for your holiday. However, the disclosure will only be made where it is necessary to fulfil the purpose for which you disclosed your personal information.
Other than stated above, we do not disclose personal information that you may give us, such as your name, address, email address or telephone number, to any organization or person outside Gold Hill Holidays unless you have authorised us to do so.
Data Protection Act 1998 and GDPR
The Data Protection Act 1998 and GDPR are designed to protect personal data about living individuals. This means that any person or organisation who handles personal data must comply with the requirements of the Acts.
What is personal data?
Personal data is information about a living individual from which that person can be identified. That information can exist in a variety of formats, for example on a computer or in a paper filing system.
What principles apply to the collection of personal data?
The following are principles that must be followed in relation to the processing of data about individuals.
We must process data fairly and lawfully.
We must collect and process data for only one or more specified purposes. In essence, we must not collect data for one reason and then use it for something else.
The data we hold must be adequate for its purpose or purposes but not excessive or irrelevant.
Any data we hold must be accurate and, where necessary, kept up-to-date.
We must not keep data for longer than necessary.
We must process data in accordance with the rights of the Data Subject under the Act.
We must ensure data is kept securely and we must guard against its accidental loss.
We must not transfer personal data outside the European Economic Area unless the country receiving it has an adequate level of protection for the rights and freedoms of data subjects.
How we use your data
All personal data provided by you is treated strictly in accordance with the terms of the Data Protection Act. This means that confidentiality will be protected and that appropriate security measures are taken to prevent unauthorised disclosure.For further information on how we use your data, please contact our Data Controller, Clive Beattie.
Why does Gold Hill Holidays hold data about people?
We need to collect data for a variety of reasons, including for basic functions such as being able to contact you.
We also find it helpful to be able to monitor trends in holiday numbers to help us be more responsive to the needs of our clients. Gold Hill Holidays will not disclose your personal data to any third parties without your express consent, except where we are required by law to do so.
Gold Hill Holidays will retain your personal data only as long as is necessary for its purposes as described. We may be required to retain some of your personal data to satisfy our obligations to keep certain records for particular periods under applicable law.
For information on the Data Protection Act 1998, the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003, GDPR and the Information Commissioner please follow this link www.dataprotection.gov.uk.
Using our website
Collection of Information
Information is collected from you primarily to make it easier and more rewarding for you to use our website. You may be asked to provide information such as your name or email address in order to subscribe to a newsletter or a service. It is entirely your choice whether to respond to these questions or not.
At present, Gold Hill Holidays only collects anonymous information through this website. For instance, we may collect information to tell us that five thousand people visit this Privacy Policy today, but we do not know their names, where they live or their date of birth - they are 'anonymous' to us.
Use of Anonymous Information
The Gold Hill Holidays website automatically gathers anonymous information to monitor the use of the website such as the numbers and frequency of visitors to the website and its areas, very much like television ratings that tell the networks how many people tuned in to a program. We only use such data in the aggregate. This collective data helps us determine how much our users visit different parts of the site. This means we can improve the website to ensure that it is as appealing as we can make it and as easy to use for as many users as possible. Gold Hill Holidays may publish or provide this aggregate data to other people.
© 2008 Gold Hill Holidays
The material featured on this site is subject to copyright protection unless otherwise indicated. The copyright protected material may be reproduced free of charge in any format or medium provided it is reproduced accurately and not used in a misleading context. Where any of the copyright items on this site are being republished or copied to others, the source of the material must be identified and the copyright status acknowledged. The permission to reproduce protected material does not extend to any material on this site, which is identified as being the copyright of a third party. Authorisation to reproduce such material must be obtained from the copyright holders concerned.
Disclaimer
Gold Hill Holidays has tried to ensure that all information provided through this website is correct at the time it was included. We apologise for any errors. We therefore do not guarantee the accuracy of these pages and any visitor using information contained in them does so entirely at their own risk.
External Websites
Please note that whilst we hope you'll find any links we provide on the website useful, Gold Hill Holidays is not responsible for the content of external websites.
Cookies
A cookie is a small, numeric text file that is stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. Any information you provide to us is held securely on our web servers and not on your machine.
Cookies make it possible for us to identify registered users without needing to ask for registration details every time you access one of our sites. Using cookies makes accessing our sites more convenient as you don't need to remember your username and password each time you enter.
We may also use cookies to track registered or unregistered users as they travel through the site - for instance, we might use cookies to count the total number of unique users who are accessing the site over a particular period of time.
Opting to have an automatic login cookie on your computer's hard drive will allow you to bypass login screens, unless you have cookies disabled in your browser. Firewalls set up by your company network may prohibit the use of browser cookies.
If you would like to know more about cookies, or would like to disable cookies in your browser settings (i.e. refuse cookies) please visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
Updates
This privacy policy was last updated in May 2018. Any changes to the Gold Hill Holidays Privacy Policy will be posted here.
Book Online >
Contact Info
Telephone
Call us on 01753 880753
Address
Gold Hill Holidays, Hobbit Hollow, Bull Lane, Gerrards Cross. Bucks. SL9 8RZ
Email
email@goldhillholidays.co.uk
About Us2020/21 ski holidays2021 summer holidaysBooking and formsSmall printTerms & conditionsSitemap
© Gold Hill Holidays 2020
Text Size
Cookies make it easier for us to provide you with our services. With the usage of our services you permit us to use cookies.
More information Ok