http://www.highbullen.co.uk/terms-conditions
We use cookies to enhance user experience, ads and website performance. By interacting with any page, you are giving consent to set cookies.
OK, I agree with this
Change preferences
Book Now
Check-in
15
Check-Out
16
Check availability
Best Rates Guaranteed
No Booking Deposit
Gift Vouchers
Terms & Conditions
Mother's Day Competition T&Cs
Covid-19
Buggy Safety Policy
Terms & Conditions
Terms and Conditions of StayCheck In: Your room(s) will normally be available after 3pm. If you plan to arrive later than 10pm, please advise the hotel directly by calling the number given on your booking confirmation.Departure: You will be expected to depart your room for 11am, should you wish to leave later do check availabilty with reception by dialing 200.Leisure Club and Swimming Pool: Please ask at the hotel reception for rules and opening times when checking in, or call us in advance on 01769 540561.  Additional restrictions may apply to the use of such facilities by children. Supplementary leisure activities or beauty treatments should be booked and confirmed prior to your arrival.Dogs : We accept dogs to stay in 4 of the Estate Rooms – a charge of £10 per night per dog is made. We also have kennels on site, also charged at £10 per dog per night. Taxes: All prices include Value Added Tax (VAT) at 20% and service.Cancellation: On all confirmed bookings cancelled within 24 hours of the arrival date, there is a Cancellation Charge equivalent to the total cost of the first night’s booking value. This includes non-arrivals or instances where you cannot provide proof of cancellation (cancellation confirmation or reference number) if requested to do so.  You should notify us of any amendments to your confirmed booking by telephone or in writing (by post or by email to reservations@highbullen.co.uk) as soon as possible.Deposit: A £50 non refundable deposit is required per room at the time a reservation is made. This is payable by cash, cheque, debit or credit card directly to Highbullen Hotel Ltd.Web Site Terms and ConditionsAccessibilityHighbullen Hotel takes seriously the issue of making accessible web content and software. It is committed to developing software products that promote accessibility for people with disabilities and meet current accessibility standards, including those defined by Section 508 website of the U.S. Rehabilitation Act and the W3C’s Web Content Accessibility Guidelines.On this Site you can control the size of the text, dependant upon the functionality of your browser.Cookies PolicyAs part of the European Union privacy protection laws we are required to inform you when we use files called ‘cookies’ on our website.  Cookies are small, harmless text files sent to your computer or mobile when you visit a web site.  Most web sites use cookies. We do not use cookies to track individuals or store sensitive information such as your name, address or credit card details. We may use a number of different cookies on this site including session and other third party cookies.  We use an analytics company (Google Analytics) on this web site to gain information to help us in the performance and marketing of this site.  The analytics cookies collect non-personally identifiable information about you. 3rd parties (such as online reservations systems and social media sites) that feature on this website may also use cookies to ensure their features and processes work properly. Please note we are not responsible for cookie usage on these websites and features. By using this Site you are accepting to the terms of this Cookie Policy.  If you do not consent to us using cookies, you can restrict or delete them from your browser by adjusting the settings in your browser software.  Please note if cookies are disabled the online browsing experience may be limited.LiabilityHighbullen Hotel takes every effort to make this Web Site as up to date and accurate as possible. However, we cannot be held responsible for any loss, costs or damages incurred as a result of using this Site.CopyrightAll information contained on this website is property of Highbullen Hotel Ltd, and cannot be reproduced in any format for any purposes without the prior written permission of Highbullen Hotel Ltd.TrademarksHighbullen Hotel and the Highbullen Hotel logo is a service mark of Highbullen Hotel Ltd.  All other trademarks, product names and company names or logos cited anywhere on this Site are the property of their respective owners.Intellectual Property RightsExcept as expressly provided, nothing contained in these conditions or anywhere on this Site shall be construed as conferring any licence under any of Highbullen Hotel Ltd’s or any third party’s intellectual property rights.PrivacyYou can access the Site and browse the Site without disclosing Personal Information.Personal Information which you supply whilst using this Site may be held in our computer records. It may be used to offer you new services (by post, telephone, e-mail or fax) which we think might be of interest to you. If you do not want your information to be used for marketing purposes please inform us in writing at: Highbullen Hotel, Chittlehamholt, Umberleigh, Devon, EX37 9HD; or by email to welcome@highbullen.co.uk.It is our policy to take all necessary steps to ensure that Personal Information held by Highbullen Hotel Ltd is processed fairly and lawfully. We will take all necessary steps to implement this policy. All employees of Highbullen Hotel Ltd and data processors who have access to Personal Information are obliged to respect the confidentiality of your Personal Information.It is our policy to ensure that all relevant statutory requirements are complied with, including the eight Data Protection Principles contained in the Data Protection Act 1998.If you would like to obtain a copy of any information we hold on you or you believe that we may be holding personal information about you that is incorrect, you may request details of the personal information held on you by writing to Highbullen Hotel, Chittlehamholt, Umberleigh, Devon, EX37 9HD.We would be happy to update any of the details we hold on our database.Web Links and DownloadsThis Web Site may display hyperlinks or pointers to other Web Sites maintained by third parties which Highbullen Hotel Ltd think may be of interest to visitors of the Site. Information placed on any web sites linked to the Site is not under the control of Highbullen Hotel Ltd.  If you decide to access any such information you do so at your own risk. It is always advisable to run an anti-virus programme on all content and materials downloaded from the Internet.Site ContentHighbullen Hotel Ltd reserves the right to make changes and corrections to the information placed on the Site at any time, without notice to the visitors to the Site.The ownership of and sole rights to obtain the ownership of the content placed on the Site shall at all times be vested in Highbullen Hotel Ltd.You may not modify, reproduce or distribute the content placed on the Site or use any trademarks associated with Highbullen Hotel Ltd without the prior written consent of Highbullen Hotel Ltd.You may download one copy of the content of the Site for your own personal use but you may not in so doing remove any trademark, copyright or other proprietary notice.SeverenceIf any provision of these terms of use is found to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason by any competent authority or a court of law, the remaining terms shall continue in full force and effect.Entire AgreementThese terms of use represent the entire agreement between you and Highbullen Hotel Ltd relating to your use of the Site.You agree that you will have no remedy in respect of any untrue representation innocently or negligently made by or on behalf of Highbullen Hotel Ltd prior to accepting these terms of use whether such representation was made orally or in writing.Governing LawThese terms of use shall be governed by and construed in accordance in all respects with the laws of England and Wales and in the event of any dispute regarding your use of the Site you shall submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts.
Book a Room
Check availability
Best Rates Guaranteed
No Booking Deposit
F 01769 540492
Highbullen Hotel Golf and Country Club
Chittlehamholt, Umberleigh,
North Devon, EX37 9HD
Gift Vouchers
Our Gift Vouchers Make the Perfect Present
Buy Now
More
Things To Do
Contact Us
Location
History
Blog
Careers
Sitemap
Environmental Policy
Accessibility
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy