http://www.nairngolfclub.co.uk/cookies-and-privacy/
The Nairn Golf Club - Cookies and Privacy
The Nairn Golf Club
Tel: +44 (0)1667 453208
Email: bookings@nairngolfclub.co.uk
Book Tee Times
Members Area
Home
History
Archive Room
The Bothy
About
The Golf Club
Membership
Juniors
Customer Comments
Live webcam
Online Store
The Course
Course Overview
The Championship Course
Scorecard
The Cameron Course
Practice Area
The Bothy
Photo Gallery
Course Improvement Works
Availability
Green Fees
Caddies & Equipment Hire
Competitions
Nairn Club Championship
Competitions Overview
Open Competitions
International & Professional Competitions
Results
Highland Golf Links Pro Am
Women’s International Team Challenge
Womens Pro Am
Ready Golf
Clubhouse & Facilities
Overview
Clubhouse
Dining Room
Dress Code
The Newton Lounge
The Whitelaw Lounge
The Bulmer Suite
Pro Shop
Coaching & Lessons
The Bungalow
Area
Highland Golf Links
Where to eat
Where to stay
Where to play
Contact
Contact Details
Location Map
Meet the Team
Join the Team
Home
Cookies and Privacy
Cookies and Privacy
Visiting our website with your personal browser settings configured to accept cookies implies to us that you are in consent to our use of cookies as described below.
The Law
On May 25th 2012 a European Union law was implemented by UK legislation, The Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) (Amendment) Regulations 2011, with a requirement that websites that leave non-essential cookies on visitors’ devices have to inform the visitor what these cookies are. This website complies with this law by providing information on the cookies we use so that if you choose you can either modify your browser settings to manage cookies or leave the website.
How we use Cookies
This web site also uses non-essential cookies so that we can serve you better, but all user data collected in this manner is anonymous. This site uses visitor tracking that will use cookies to track information about how visitors come to the website, which pages they visit, and other actions that visitors make whilst on the site. This data is then used in order to improve the user experience of our web site.
Non-essential Cookies also enhance our web site performance in a number of ways, personalising your experience on our site, making it more convenient for you.
Your Options
Should you wish to do so, you can refuse cookies by disabling them in your web browser’s settings. Most browsers are defaulted to accept and maintain cookies and you can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it or not. Please consult the support documentation for your web browser, which can be found online, for more information. More detailed information about controlling cookies on your computer is also available at the About Cookies website.
If you do not wish to disable cookies then you have the option to leave the website.
What is a Cookie?
A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent in a text file to your computer browser from a website’s server and is then stored on your computer, but only IF your browser’s preferences are set by you to allow it. The only personal information a cookie can obtain is information a user supplies. A cookie cannot read data from your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites.
NB: If you are browsing from within a work based network you may not have adequate permissions to allow you to control the cookies that are set.
This site uses the following non-essential cookies:
Cookie name
Cookie purpose
Google Analytics
_utma
_utmb
_utmc
_utmz
Used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.
Learn more about Google Analytics and privacy
Google.com
NID
PREF
HSID
APISID
These are Google preference cookies, a unique identifier used by Google applications to store user preferences. They may not be delivered depending on the browser being used.
Learn more about Google’s Privacy Policy
Privacy
Nairn Golf Club does not collect any personal information from visitors to its website other than information that is knowingly and voluntarily given. Anonymous information is collected, such as the number of visitors to the website in a given period, but it is purely statistical and cannot be used to identify an individual user.
We will NEVER pass any personal information you submit to us on to any third party.
Home
About
The Course
Competitions
Home
Clubhouse & Facilities
Local Area
Contact
Contact Us
The Nairn Golf Club
Seabank Road
Nairn
IV12 4HB
+44 (0)1667 453208
bookings@nairngolfclub.co.uk
View location on google maps
Highland Golf Links
We are a member of the Highland Golf Links partnership which offers attractive packages for visitors to enjoy the finest links golf and luxury hotel accomodation.
Useful Links
Media Library
Juniors
Club Archives
Book Tee Times
Members Area
Members Newsletter
Stay in touch
Join our mailing list
Find us on Facebook
Follow us on Twitter
© 2015, The Nairn Golf Club
Cookies and Privacy
Sitemap
Website Credits