https://www.theamericanoutlaws.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
We Value Your Privacy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when your register on our site or place an order.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, t-shirt size, or credit card information.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
- To process transactions
o Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
- To send periodic emails
o The e-mail address you provide for order processing may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional organization news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or submit or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway provider’s database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, payment information, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies?
IMPORTANT NOTICE: This site uses cookies to store information on your computer. This policy explains how we use cookies and may be amended, from time to time, without notice. To ensure that you are using this site with full and up-to-date information of how we use cookies, please review this policy regularly as any amended policy will be updated on the site. By using this site you agree to the placement of cookies on your browser in accordance with the terms of this policy. If you do not wish to accept cookies from this site, please either disable cookies or discontinue use of this site.
- What Are Cookies?
o A cookie is a text-only string of information that a website transfers to the cookie file of the browser on your device so that the website can recognize you when you revisit and remember certain information about you.
- Types of Cookies
o There are two types of cookies:
§ Session cookies: these are temporary cookies that expire at the end of a browser session; that is, when you leave the site. Session cookies allow the website to recognize you as you navigate between pages during a single browser session and allow you to use the website most efficiently. For example, session cookies enable a website to remember that a user has placed items in an online shopping basket.
§ Persistent cookies: in contrast to session cookies, persistent cookies are stored on your equipment between browsing sessions until expiry or deletion. They therefore enable the website to recognize you on your return, remember your preferences, and tailor services to you.
o In addition to session and persistent cookies, there may be other cookies which are set by the website which you have chosen to visit, such as this website, in order to provide us or third parties with information.
- Our Use of Cookies
o We currently use, and may use in the future, the following types of cookies on this website.
§ We use session cookies to auto log-out users after a certain amount of time.
o We also use cookies which collect information and send it to third parties. An example of this is Google Analytics. Please check the relevant third party website for more information about their use of cookies. Where this site allows such cookies to be set or you access other websites from this site using the links provided, the operators of these websites will use cookies in accordance with their own cookies policy, which may differ from ours.
o As with first party cookies, you are able to block third party cookies through your browser settings.
- Refusing Cookies on this Site
o Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. However, you have the ability to disable cookies if you wish, generally through changing your internet software browser settings. It may also be possible to configure your browser settings to enable acceptance of specific cookies or to notify you each time a new cookie is about to be stored on your computer enabling you to decide whether to accept or reject the cookie. To manage your use of cookies there are various resources available to you, for example the “Help” section of your browser may assist you. You can also disable or delete the stored data used by technology similar to cookies by managing your browser’s add-on settings or visiting the website of its manufacturer. As our cookies allow you to access some of our website’s essential features we recommend that you leave cookies enabled; otherwise, if cookies are disabled, it may mean that you experience reduced functionality or will be prevented from using this site altogether.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. If you are signing up for a membership, your sign-up information (name, e-mail address, address, and phone number) will be shared with the chapter that you identify as joining. All chapters are required to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law; enforce our site policies; or protects our or others’ rights, property, or safety.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
As part of the California Online Privacy Protect Act, all users of our site may make any changes to their information at any time by logging into their control panel and going to the ‘Edit Profile’ page.
Children’s Online Privacy Protect Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act); we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products, and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years of age or older.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at www.theamericanoutlaws.com/terms
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
Contacting Us
info@theamericanoutlaws.com
www.theamericanoutlaws.com
3121 S. 6th St., Unit C
Lincoln, NE 68502
Last modified: May 9, 2014