http://www.olympic.org.nz/privacy-policy
Home
Privacy policy
NEW ZEALAND OLYMPIC COMMITTEE PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy has been prepared in accordance with our obligations and your rights set out under the Privacy Act 1993.1.         The New Zealand Olympic Committee (referred to in this Privacy Policy as "we", "our" or "us") as the National Olympic Committee for New Zealand and as the New Zealand member of the Commonwealth Games Federation is committed to safeguarding the privacy of individuals.  We understand that personal information should be kept private.2.         This Privacy Policy will apply to all individuals providing personal information to the New Zealand Olympic Committee (referred to in this Privacy Policy as "you" and "your").3.         The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform you as to what information may be collected from you, how such information will be used by us and/or other persons or entities with whom such information may be shared, your choices regarding the collection, use and distribution of such information, your ability to access or correct such information and the security procedures that we have implemented to protect your privacy.4.         We will only collect personal information that is necessary for one or more of its activities or functions as the National Olympic Committee in New Zealand and/or the Commonwealth Games Association in New Zealand and in providing a range of other related services to you.5.         Personal information may include personal contact details and any other personal information that you provide us.  For athletes, and for the avoidance of doubt, this may also include performance results and health/medical information (which we will collect directly from you and only with your express consent). Personal information will also include unique identifiable and biographical information necessary to facilitate participation in a New Zealand Games Team.6.         We collect personal information about you only where it is reasonably necessary for us to perform our operational functions and comply with legal obligations.  We always collect information by lawful and fair means.  We may also collect information directly from our stakeholders, or from other organisations (such as sporting bodies or individuals and organisations associated with those bodies) who supply athlete personal data and performance information.7.         We will only use your personal information for the purposes for which it was collected (or otherwise as required or authorised by law. This may include using your personal information for the following purposes:  (a)       to perform our activities or functions as the National Olympic Committee for New Zealand and the New Zealand member of the Commonwealth Games Federation;(b)       to assist with the selection of athletes and appointment of team support into a New Zealand team participating at Games; (c)        to maintain and develop our business systems, including testing and upgrading them; (d)       for our administrative purposes and for internal record keeping; (e)       to comply with relevant laws and regulations; (f)        to undertake media, promotional or sponsorship activities (such as responding to any queries you may have or contacting you for media and promotional purposes including sponsorship promotions and opportunities);(g)       to maintain a historical record of participation in any New Zealand team event which could be used for research, education and museum related purposes; and (h)       for any other specific purpose which we notify you of at the time your personal information is collected.Do we share or disclose personal information?8.         From time to time, we may also contact you for market research purposes or to provide you with special offers or promotions from our commercial partners.  If you do opt in, we will also give you the opportunity to opt out of receiving such direct marketing or market research content.9.         If you do not want your personal information to be collected, please do not submit it to us.  Please note that, for athletes and team support, a failure to provide certain personal information to us may affect your eligibility to be selected in a New Zealand Games team.10.      We may disclose your personal information to other entities relating to a Games; including the International Olympic Committee, Commonwealth Games Federation, Games Organising Committees, World Anti-Doping Agency, Interpol, New Zealand Police, Immigration New Zealand, Drug Free Sport New Zealand and other various international immigration services and police authorities and other relevant New Zealand agencies. We may also disclose your personal information to anyone who hosts or maintains data centres, service platforms and other infrastructure and systems on behalf of us, where your personal information is processed and/or stored.11.      We may also disclose your personal information (excluding, for athletes and team support, any personal information relating to your health):(a)       to contractors, agents, and commercial/business partners who help us perform our operational functions;(b)       to our professional advisers;(c)        where you have otherwise consented; or(d)       as otherwise required or authorised by law.12.      We will take reasonable steps to ensure that the persons and organisations to whom we disclose personal information are bound to protect the privacy of that personal information. Please note that some of the persons to whom we disclose personal information may be situated outside New Zealand.How do we protect your personal information?13.      We will take reasonable measures to ensure the security of your personal information that is held by us from such risks as loss, misuse, unauthorised access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.  We remind you, however, that if you send information to us via the Internet, that the Internet is not a secure environment and although all reasonable care is taken, we cannot warrant or guarantee the security of information you provide to us via electronic means.How can you access and correct your personal information?14.      If you identify any inaccuracy in your personal information, or you need to make a change to or would like to verify such information, please contact us so that we may update our records. Our contact information is set out in paragraph 18 below.15.      Where you request details of your personal information and the information requested is not readily retrievable, we may charge a reasonable fee for the cost of accessing or retrieving that information.  We note that we are not required to provide access to information in certain situations, but if we refuse access, we will give you our reasons for doing so.For how long do we hold personal information?16.      We will keep your personal information for only as long as is necessary to achieve the purpose for which we collected it (including indefinitely in relation to historical records).Changes to this Privacy Policy17.      We may modify this Privacy Policy from time to time and if we do so, we will post any updated Privacy Policy on our website: http://www.olympic.org.nz/. We encourage you to check this website periodically to ensure that you are aware of the terms of our current Privacy Policy.Questions or comments or to Contact Us18.      If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, or you wish to access or make changes to your personal information, please contact our Privacy Officer on +649 375 0040, office@olympic.org.nz or PO Box 37-774, Parnell, Auckland 1151.