http://www.womensminimarathon.ie/terms-and-conditions
0
Vhi Virtual Women’s Mini Marathon Terms & Conditions 2020
Race Entry Rules & RegulationsThis is an All-Women event and anyone who identifies as a woman can take part .Official entry dates are from 24th June 2020 to 17th October 2020. While the event takes place between 1st to 10th October, we will remain open for late entries. Late entrants will not receive their medal and t-shirt in advance of taking part. You must be 14 years of age or older to participate.
You must be in good health and physically prepared to take on the challenge.  It is strongly recommended that you train for the Event. If you have not exercised before or for some time, you should consult your doctor before commencing your training for the Event. You are encouraged to wear your virtual official race number on the front of your Vhi Women’s Mini Marathon t-shirt when you participate in Vhi Virtual Women’s Mini Marathon. It is the responsibility of the participant to familiarise themselves with the event rules and ensure that their participation conforms with the government guidelines that are currently in place concerning social distancing and other Covid 19 specific requirements as well as event information and guidelines published by Women’s Mini Marathon Limited. Cancellations and RefundsEntry fees are NON-REFUNDABLE and entries are NON-TRANSFERABLE. We reserve the right to make any other amendment to the Event that we deem necessary in order to host the Event. Any change to the Event will be communicated to you.
Taking part for a CharityOn completion of the entry process, you will receive an email from DSD Events confirming that your entry fee has been received and your entry has been accepted. You should not enter into a contract with any charity until you have received this confirmation.
Entry Pack All entrants will receive an entry pack sent by post as soon as practicable to the address provided during entry.  Each entry pack will contain your T-shirt & medal. There are no exchanges or refunds possible.CompetitionsParticipants who enter the event are eligible to enter into our competitions subject to the terms and conditions of those competitions. See our website for full terms and conditions for specific competitions. Agreement I understand that I enter the Vhi Virtual Women’s Mini Marathon at my own risk and that neither Women’s Mini Marathon Ltd nor any of our sponsors/partners, will be held responsible for any accident suffered or injury sustained by myself from any cause whatsoever or for any property lost, mislaid or stolen during the Event. I accept that the onus is on me to ascertain whether there are any risks associated with me taking part in the activity and confirm that I am not aware of any medical condition or impairment that may be detrimental to my health if I participate in the activity. If I become aware of any such medical condition or impairment I will withdraw from the activity. If I am in any doubt as to my physical ability to take part in the activity, I must consult my doctor before arranging to take part. I grant full permission to DSD Events to use photographs, films or recordings of the event which contain my image for any legitimate purpose.
Use of Women’s Mini Marathon Ltd websiteWomen’s Mini Marathon Ltd. makes this web site (the "site"), including all information, documents, communications, files, text, graphics, software, and products available through the site (collectively, the "materials") and all services operated by Women’s Mini Marathon Ltd. and third parties through the site (collectively, the "services"), available for your use subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this document and any changes to this document that Women’s Mini Marathon Ltd. may publish from time to time (collectively, the "terms of use"). By accessing or using this site in any way, including, without limitation, use of any of the services, downloading of any materials, or merely browsing the site, you agree to and are bound by the terms of use. Women’s Mini Marathon Ltd. reserves the right to change the terms of use and other guidelines or rules posted on the site from time to time at its sole discretion, and will provide notice of material changes on the home page of the site. Your continued use of the site, or any materials or services accessible through it, after such notice has been posted constitutes your acceptance of the changes. Your use of the site will be subject to the most current version of the terms of use, rules, and guidelines posted on the site at the time of such use. You should periodically check the "terms of use" link on the site's home page to view the then-current terms. If you breach any of the terms of use, your authorization to use this site automatically terminates, and any materials downloaded or printed from the site in violation of the terms of use must be immediately destroyed. Intellectual property; The materials and services on this site, as well as their selection and arrangement, are protected by copyright, trademark, patent, and/or other intellectual property laws, and any unauthorized use of the materials or services at this is not permitted. Except as expressly provided herein, Women’s Mini Marathon Ltd. and its suppliers do not grant any express or implied rights to use the materials and services. You agree not to copy, republish, frame, download, transmit, modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, assign, distribute, license, sublicense, reverse engineer, or create derivative works based on the site, its materials, or its services or their selection and arrangement, except as expressly authorized herein. In addition, you agree not to use any data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction methods in connection with the site. Use of services; when using services on this site that are offered by Women’s Mini Marathon Ltd., you shall be subject to any posted guidelines, rules, or licenses applicable to such services and to the terms of use.  Such guidelines, rules, or licenses may contain terms and conditions in addition to those in the terms of use. In addition to the materials and services offered by Women’s Mini Marathon Ltd., this site also makes available materials, information, and services provided by third parties (collectively, the "third-party services"). The third-party services are governed by separate license agreements that accompany such services. Women’s Mini Marathon Ltd. offers no guarantees and assumes no responsibility or liability of any type with respect to the third-party services, including any liability resulting from incompatibility between the third-party services and the materials and services offered by Women’s Mini Marathon Ltd. You agree that you will not hold Women’s Mini Marathon Ltd. responsible or liable with respect to the third-party services or seek to do so. Use of Women’s Mini Marathon Ltd. content and user content; except as indicated to the contrary elsewhere on this site, you may view, download, and print the Women’s Mini Marathon Ltd. content and user content available on this site subject to the following conditions: •    The Women’s Mini Marathon Ltd. content and user content may be used solely for personal, informational, and internal purposes. •    The Women’s Mini Marathon Ltd. content and user content may not be modified or altered in any way. •    The Women’s Mini Marathon Ltd. content and user content on the site may not be distributed or sold, rented, leased, or licensed to others. •    You may not remove any copyright or other proprietary notices contained in the Women’s Mini Marathon Ltd. content and user content. •    Women’s Mini Marathon Ltd. reserves the right to revoke the authorization to view, download, and print the Women’s Mini Marathon Ltd. content and user content available on this site at any time, and any such use shall be discontinued immediately upon notice from Women’s Mini Marathon Ltd. •    The rights granted to you constitute a license and not a transfer of title.
Trademark information The trademarks, logos, and service marks ("marks") displayed on this site are the property of Women’s Mini Marathon Ltd. or of third parties.You are not permitted to use the marks without the prior written consent of Women’s Mini Marathon Ltd. or such third party that may own the marks. Women’s Mini Marathon and logo are trademarks of Women’s Mini Marathon Ltd. User conductIn using the site, including all services and materials available through it, you agree:•       not to disrupt or interfere with any other user's enjoyment of the site or affiliated or linked sites;•       not to upload, post, or otherwise transmit through the site any viruses or other harmful, disruptive, or destructive files;•       not to create a false identity;•       not to use or attempt to use another's account, password, service, or system without authorization fromWomen’s Mini Marathon Ltd.;•       not to disrupt or interfere with the security of, or otherwise cause harm to, the site, or any services, materials, system resources, accounts, passwords, servers, or networks connected to or accessible through the site or any affiliated or linked sites.Warranties and disclaimers Except as expressly provided otherwise in a written agreement between you and Women’s Mini Marathon Ltd. or you and a third party with respect to such party's materials or services, this site, and all materials and services accessible through this site, are provided "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.Without limiting the foregoing, Women’s Mini Marathon Ltd. makes no warranty that (i) the services and materials will meet your requirements; (ii) the services and materials will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free; (iii) the results that may be obtained from the use of the services or materials will be effective, accurate, or reliable; (iv) the quality of any products, services, or materials purchased or accessible by you through the site will meet your expectations; and (v) any errors in the software obtained from or used through the site, or any defects in the site, its services, or materials, will be corrected.This site could include technical or other mistakes, inaccuracies, or typographical errors. Women’s Mini Marathon Ltd. may make changes to the materials and services at this site, including the prices and descriptions of any products listed herein, at any time without notice.The materials or services at this site may be out of date, and Women’s Mini Marathon Ltd. makes no commitment to update such materials or services.You understand and acknowledge that (i) Women’s Mini Marathon Ltd. does not control, endorse, or accept responsibility for any content, products, or services offered by third parties through the site, including, without limitation, third-party vendors and third parties accessible through links on the site; (ii) Women’s Mini Marathon Ltd. makes no representation or warranties whatsoever about any such third parties, their content, products, or services;(iii)  any dealings you may have with such third parties are at your own risk; and (iv) Women’s Mini Marathon Ltd. shall not be liable or responsible for any content, products, or services offered by third parties.The use of the services or the downloading or other use of any materials through the site is done at your own discretion and risk and with your agreement that you will be solely responsible for any damage to your computer system, loss of data, or other harm that results from such activities. Women’s Mini Marathon Ltd. assumes no liability for any computer virus or other similar software code that is downloaded to your computer from the site or in connection with any services or materials offered through the site. No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from Women’s Mini Marathon Ltd. or through or from the site shall create any warranty not expressly stated in the terms of use. Some states or jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties or limitations on how long an implied warranty may last, so the above limitations may not apply to you. To the extent permissible, any implied warranties are limited to ninety (90) days.Personal information and privacyTo learn about how Women’s Mini Marathon Ltd. protects your personal information, such as your name and address, refer to the Women’s Mini Marathon Ltd. privacy policy. Except as set forth in the privacy policy or in the terms of use, your personal information will be deemed to be confidential. You understand and agree that we maydisclose information about you if we have a good faith belief that we are required to do so by law or legal process, to respond to claims, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Women’s Mini Marathon Ltd. or others, or as stated in our privacy policy.Limitation of liability In no event, including, without limitation, negligence, shall Women’s Mini Marathon Ltd., its subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, officers, directors, employees, partners, or suppliers be liable to you or any third party for any special, punitive, incidental, indirect, or consequential damages of any kind, or any damages whatsoever, including, without limitation, those resulting from loss of use, data, or profits, whether or not Women’s Mini Marathon Ltd. has been advised of the possibility of such damages, and on any theory of liability, arising out of or in connection with the use of or the inability to use this site, its services, or materials, the statements or actions of any third party on or through the site, any dealings with vendors or other third parties, any unauthorized access to or alteration of your transmissions or data, any information that is sent or received or not sent or received, any failure to store or loss of data, files, or other content, any services available through the site that are delayed or interrupted, or any web site referenced or linked to from this site.
The foregoing does not affect your statutory rights.
Some jurisdictions prohibit the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages.Accordingly, the limitations and exclusions set forth above may not apply to you.Governing law and jurisdictionThis site (excluding linked sites) is controlled by Women’s Mini Marathon Ltd. from its offices in Ireland. By accessing this site, you and Women’s Mini Marathon Ltd. agree that all matters relating to your access to, or use of, this site shall be governed by the laws of Ireland.General The terms of use and other rules, guidelines, licenses, and disclaimers posted on the site constitute the entire agreement between Women’s Mini Marathon Ltd. and you with respect to your use of the site. If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of the terms of use, or portion thereof, to be unenforceable, that provision shall be enforced to the maximum extent permissible so as to effect the intent of the parties as reflected by that provision, and the remainder of the terms of use shall continue in full force and effect. Any failure by Women’s Mini Marathon Ltd. to enforce or exercise any provision of the terms of use or related right shall not constitute a waiver of that right or provision. The section titles used in the terms of use are purely for convenience and carry with them no legal or contractual effect.The Women’s Mini Marathon Ltd., Registration no. 270140. Registered Office: 27 Sandyford office park, Sandyford Industrial Estate, Dublin 18 Competition Terms & ConditionsEntry Fee Reward for Vhi Members T&C