http://www.gresleyrovers.com/info/privacy.php
Cookies
We use cookies to help us give you the best experience when using our website. Unless you change your settings, we'll assume that you are happy for us to do this. However, you can change your settings at any time by clicking here or clicking the Cookie Policy link at the bottom of every page.
Next First Team Game
AFC Wulfrunians
3.00pm, Sat 19th Dec (home)
DIRECTIONS
Home
News
Featured Articles
News Archive
First Team
Fixtures & Results
League Table
Squad & Management
Fixtures Download
Reserve Team
Fixtures & Results
League Table
U18s Team
Fixtures & Results
League Table
Academy
Club Shop
Season Tickets
Flash a Fiver
Donations
Player Database
Sponsorship
The Club
Club Information
Multimedia
First Time Visit?
Admission Prices
Sponsor Us
Partners and Sponsors
Contact
History & Archives
Gresley Rovers in the Community
Elvis Gresley
Ground Directions
Links
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy explains how we use any personal information we collect about you when you use this website.
Topics:
What information do we collect about you?
How will we use the information about you?
Marketing
Access to your information and correction
Cookies
Other websites
Changes to our privacy policy
How to contact us
What information do we collect about you?
We collect information about you when you register with us, or place an order for products. We also collect information when you voluntarily complete surveys, provide feedback and participate in competitions. Website usage information is collected using cookies and your IP address.
How will we use the information about you?
We collect information about you to process your order, manage your account and, if you agree, to email you about other products and services we think may be of interest to you.
We use your information collected from the website to personalise your repeat visits to our website.
Gresley Rovers will not share your information with companies outside of Gresley Rovers other than when you order a replica shirt from the online shop. In processing orders, our Payment provider (Paypal) may send your details to, and also use information from credit reference agencies and fraud prevention agencies.
Some orders are handled by Moving Forward Sports Ltd. When you place an order, we will pass on your name, email address and postal address in order for Moving Forward Sports to process your order. Moving Forward Sports' terms and conditions can be found on their website here.
Marketing
We would like to send you information about products and services of ours which may be of interest to you. If you have consented to receive marketing, you may opt out at a later date. You have a right at any time to stop us from contacting you for marketing purposes. If you no longer wish to be contacted for marketing purposes, please email info@gresleyrovers.com.
Access to your information and correction
You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. If you would like a copy of some or all of your personal information, please email or write to us at the address below. We may make a small charge for this service.
We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. You may ask us to correct or remove information you think is inaccurate.
Cookies
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard internet log information and visitor behaviour information. This information is used to track visitor use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity.
Our full cookie policy can be found here.
For further information visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.
You can set your browser not to accept cookies and the above websites tell you how to remove cookies from your browser. However in a few cases some of our website features may not function as a result.
Other websites
Our website contains links to other websites. This privacy policy only applies to this website so when you link to other websites you should read their own privacy policies.
Changes to our privacy policy
We keep our privacy policy under regular review and we will place any updates on this web page. This privacy policy was last updated on 9 May 2018.
How to contact us
Please contact us if you have any questions about our privacy policy or information we hold about you:
Email: info@gresleyrovers.com
Write to us at: Gresley Rovers, The Moat Ground, Moat Street, Church Gresley, Swadlincote, Derbyshire, DE11 9RE
Forthcoming Fixtures
AFC Wulfrunians
League
Sat, 19th Dec 2020, 3.00pm (Home)
Heather St Johns
League
Sat, 26th Dec 2020, 3.00pm (Home)
Boldmere St Michaels
League
Sat, 2nd Jan 2021, 3.00pm (Away)
Walsall Wood
League
Tue, 5th Jan 2021, 7.45pm (Home)
See all forthcoming fixtures
Worcester City Action
See all photos from this match
Today's Featured Player
From our player database today
SteveWaterfield
Read More
See more of our partners and sponsors
Copyright © 1999-2020 Gresley Rovers | Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy