http://www.pschs.org/privacy-policy/
Competitions
Adult Eastern Sectionals
Boots & Blades
Club Competition
Challenge Cup
Competition Results
Test Sessions
Skate Shop
Events Calendar
Fundraising
Donate
Host Your Fundraiser Here
Amazon Smile
Commemorative Brick Program
Rink Sponsorship
Charitable Bequest
Contact Us
0 Items
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The Philadelphia Skating Club and Humane Society is committed to protecting the security and privacy of your personal data. We will not collect any personal data about you (e.g. your name, address, telephone number, or email address) unless you voluntarily choose to provide us with it. When you do provide us with personal data, we will use it to respond to your inquiry or application. We do not sell or market your personal data to third parties.
When you access our Website, we may automatically collect non-personal data including the domain name of the Website from which you visited, number of visits, average time spent on the site, or pages viewed. We may use this data to monitor the effectiveness of our Website and improve its content or performance.
The Philadelphia Skating Club and Humane Society’s website may contain links to other Websites. The Philadelphia Skating Club and Humane Society is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of other Websites.
If you have any questions about The Philadelphia Skating Club and Humane Society, please use the “Contact Us” feature of our site to contact us directly. We will make every effort to respond to your inquiries in a timely fashion.
Changes to this policy will be posted to this page. If privacy issues are of concern to you or your organization, please check this page periodically for updates to our privacy policies.
Photography Policy
Individuals may be filmed, videotaped, and/or photographed by an employee or contract photographer at an event, competition, or learn to skate session managed by The Philadelphia Skating Club and Humane Society. If you are uncomfortable being photographed by a staff member or contract photographer, you may ask to not be photographed.
We expect all photographers to respect the wishes of our members, clients, competitors, skaters, and families.
Please contact us at pschs@pschs.org for any further concerns.