http://www.europrotour.com/privacy-policy/
Home · Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Introduction
THE EUROPRO TOUR LIMITED is a registered company with company number 03816233 and registered address at Mascalls Mascalls Lane, Great Warley, Brentwood, Essex, CM14 5LJ with VAT no: (“EPT”, “we”, “us”, “our”).
In legal terms, under the General Data Protection Regulation and other applicable data protection law (“Data Protection Legislation“), we are the data controller, as we determine the means and/or purposes of the processing of your personal data. We shall be accountable for and able to demonstrate our compliance with our obligations with any relevant Data Protection Legislation. You agree to contact us using the details provided below if you have any concerns that we are in any way not complying with Data Protection Legislation and we shall do our best to promptly provide you with any reassurances that you require (or amend our practices, if (acting reasonably) we deem necessary). For clarity, this policy applies to all services and obligations provided by the EPT and its affiliates. As a result, any reference to the EPT in this policy includes a reference to The EuroPro Tour Limited.
Our Company Secretary is our data protection manager. If you have any questions or comments, please let us know by contacting us at: Mascalls Mascalls Lane, Great Warley, Brentwood, Essex, CM14 5LJ or privacy@europrotour.com.
This policy explains:
What personal data we collect and how we use it;
The legal basis for processing your personal data;
Where we collect information about you from;
How we keep your data safe and who has access;
Your responsibilities in keeping your information up to date;
Your rights to know what we know about you, make changes or ask us to stop using your data;
Our commitment to safeguarding children’s personal data; and
How we handle any changes to this policy.
What personal data we collect and how we use it
We do not collect any personal data on the website europrotour.com.
Where we collect information about you from
We do not collect information as EPT but other organisations may in the following ways:
When you give permission to other organisations to share it. Depending on your settings or the privacy policies for social media and messaging services like Facebook, YouTube, Instagram or Twitter, you might give us permission to access information from those accounts or services.
When we collect it as you use our websites or apps. Like most websites, we use “cookies” to help us make our site – and the way you use it – better. Cookies mean that a website will remember you. They’re small text files that sites transfer to your computer (or phone or tablet). They make interacting with a website faster and easier – for example by automatically filling your name and address in text fields.
In addition, the type of device you’re using to access our websites or apps and the settings on that device may provide us with information about your device, including what type of device it is, what specific device you have, what operating system you’re using, what your device settings are, and why a crash has happened. Your device manufacturer or operating system provider will have more details about what information your device makes available to us.
Your responsibilities in keeping your information up to date
We really appreciate it if you let us know if your contact details change. You can do that by updating your Email Preferences and contact details (where you have signed up to our website).
We will hold your personal data only for so long as we deem reasonably necessary to provide you with the services you have requested or to perform the purpose for which it was originally collected, after which it may be deleted, unless it is necessary for us to continue to process it in order to comply with any legal obligations to which we are subject or for another legitimate and lawful purpose.
Your rights to know what we know about you, make changes or ask us to stop using your data
If you have any questions please send these to privacy@europrotour.com, and for further information see the Information Commissioner’s guidance here. This is an external link. You have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office about the manner in which or otherwise in respect of the manner in which we process your personal data.
Your provision of personal data to us may be a contractual or legal requirement. If you do not supply your personal data to us we may not be able to provide the services to you.
Our commitment to safeguarding children’s personal data
If you are aged 13 or under (a “child”), we will require permission from your parent, carer or person with parental responsibility in order for you to register for an account on any of our websites.
How we handle any changes to this policy
We may change this policy from time to time. If we make any significant changes in the way we treat your personal information we will make this clear on the website or by contacting you directly.
Tour Sponsors
Register for the PGA Euro Pro Tour newsletter
Enter your details* to receive updates from the tour
Register
* We will not sell your details to other companies and will only send you updates from the tour when appropriate/relevant.
Our updates may contain information, offers and/or adverts from tour and event sponsors.
Home
Player Login
Player Sign Up
News
Tournaments
Schedule/Results
Join the Tour
Tour Pro-Ams
Live Scores
Past Results
Tournament Invites
Members’ Information
Order of Merit
2019
2018
2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
Gallery
Watch
Sky Sports Schedule
YouTube
About
About Us
Hall of Fame
Categories
FAQs
Contact Us