http://www.pelzgolf.com/privacy-policy
800-833-7370
customerservice@pelzgolf.com
Login/Register
0 Items
Business, Financial, and Privacy Policies
1-Day and Half-Day Clinics
“No-Shows” are non-refundable.
Cancelations and transfers are subject to a $35 administrative fee.
Cancelations prior to seven (7) days before the session date are refundable subject to a $35 administrative fee.
Cancelations less than seven (7) days from the session date are non-refundable and a gift certificate less the $35 administrative fee will be issued and can be applied as payment for future enrollment.
Contact Pelz Golf Customer Service by email or phone to cancel or transfer.
Phones are staffed from 8am to 5pm, Monday through Friday Central Time, excluding most major holidays.
3-Day, 2-Day, Alumni, New Golfer and Junior Golf Camp Schools
“No-Shows” are non-refundable. Cancelations and transfers are subject to a $75 administrative fee.
Cancellations prior to seven (7) days before the session date are refundable, subject to a $75 administrative fee.
Cancellations less than seven (7) days from the session date are non-refundable and a store credit less the $75 administrative fee will be issued and can be applied as payment for future enrollment.
Contact Pelz Golf Customer Service by email or phone to cancel or transfer.
Phones are staffed from 8am to 5pm, Monday through Friday Central Time, excluding most major holidays.
International Locations
Special tuition fees (€950 – €1,100) may apply to some locations. Additional discounts do not apply.
Administrative fees for international locations are equivalent to exchange rate.
Age Limitation
Parent or guardian must enroll and attend with junior golfer(s) under 13 years of age, excluding the Junior Golf Camp.
Contact Customer Service to discuss any concerns.
Pelz Golf Reserves the Right to Cancel or Reschedule
Session may be cancelled as required by weather, unusual circumstance or enrollment.
Pelz Golf is not responsible for any loss or inconvenience incurred as a result.
On such occasions tuition fees are refundable or transferable to another session.
Watch the weather and contact Customer Service to discuss any concerns.
Pro Shop Policy
Product orders are shipped via FedEx within two (2) business days from completion of payment.
FedEx tracking information will be provided by email.
FedEx “Delivery Exceptions” must be addressed by the recipient of the product order.
Pelz Golf does not ship to international destinations.
C.O.D. shipments will not be accepted and all sales are considered final.
Due to the nature of the product, books may not be returned for any reason.
US Gift Certificates and Euro Vouchers Policies
US Gift Certificates are redeemable for instructional program held only in the US or Mexico and for Pro Shop purchases (except to purchase Gift Certificates).
US Gift certificates retain 100% value for five (5) years from date of purchase, may be redeemed online or by phone, are not refundable for cash, and have no value after five (5) years from date of purchase.
Euro Vouchers are redeemable for instructional programs in European countries using Euro currency.
Euro Vouchers purchased after November 2019, retain 100% value for five (5) years from date of purchase, may be redeemed online or by phone, are not refundable for cash, and have no value after five (5) years from date of purchase.
Euro Vouchers purchased before December 2019, retain 100% value for two (2) years from date of purchase, may be redeemed online or by phone, are not refundable for cash, and have no value after two (2) years from date of purchase.
General Information Pelz Golf (Independent Golf Research, Inc.) is strongly dedicated to protecting your privacy. Pelz Golf does not share your personal information with any person or organization not directly affiliated with Pelz Golf.
Personal & Credit Card Information
All personal information (including all credit card transactions) is transacted over a secure SSL (secure sockets layer) connection using a valid VeriSign (http://www.verisign.com) encryption certificate. The SSL protocol is endorsed by the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) as a standard for transmission of confidential information between the web server and the user’s computer. By convention, all secure pages within the site begin with the characters https:// while non-secured pages begin with the http:// protocol. Secure pages display the Verisign secure site logo. Clicking this logo reveals information about the certificate from the VeriSign web site.
Session Cookies
www.pelzgolf.com utilizes browser cookies on a limited basis. Cookies are harmless text files that allow passing of information between the user’s browser and the web server. Cookies cannot be used to run code or deliver viruses to your computer. Pelz Golf uses cookies to personalize layout and content for users of our site. Pelz Golf does not use cookie information at any time other than for web server processing. Pelz Golf does not provide any information obtained by cookies to any employee or any other organization. At no time is credit card or other payment information nor personal demographic information stored in a cookie from our site. Since the acceptance of cookies is completely controlled by the user’s web browser, the user may choose not to accept cookies by altering browser options. However, doing so will render the Pelz Golf web site inactive. For further information about cookies, click this link: http://support.microsoft.com/kb/260971/en-usl
Subject To Change Without Notice
The Pelz Golf (Independent Golf Research, Inc) privacy policy is subject to change at any time and modifications will be made to this web page as needed to reflect any policy changes. Pelz Golf will not communicate privacy policy changes in any other fashion.
Pro Shop Special Offers Corporate Events Private Lessons
HELP
Terms & Conditions Contact Us
Social
FollowFollowFollowFollow
1
Login
Sign Up
Remember me
Forgot Password?
Sign In
I accept the
Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
Sign Up
Lost your password? Please enter your username or email address. You will receive a link to create a new password via email.
Join Waitlist
Presently, we do not have enough spots available for your party. We are often able to re-allocate instructors to accommodate. Please add your party to the waitlist and we’ll be in touch. Also, please explore other session offerings and email or call us with your ideal session times.
Email
Quantity
We won't share your address with anybody else.
Email me when available