http://www.usjf.com/office/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Effective Date: July 5, 2016
Your privacy is extremely important to us. This Privacy Policy explains the types of information the United States Judo Federation (“USJF,” “we,” “us”) collects and sets forth our practices regarding the collection, use and disclosure of the information which we collect through your use of the USJF website (the “Site”), as well as information we collect from other plug-ins exchanging information with USJF (“Applications”). This Privacy Policy and other internal USJF policies are designed to keep your personal and financial information secure, and describes the treatment of the Personally Identifiable Information (“Personal Information”) we collect when you use the Site. The Privacy Policy also governs the choices available to you regarding our use of your Personal Information and how you can access and update this information. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into our Terms of Use, and therefore governs your use of the Site.
By using the Site, you consent to the practices described in this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions about the Policy, please contact us as set out at “Contact Us” below.
What Information We Collect
Information You Give to Us
When you visit and interact with the Site, you may provide us with various types of Personal Information. The following categories of Personal Information may be collected:
Contact Data (including Contact information (name, e-mail address, physical address, and telephone number), User name, display name, and password, Geolocation information, such as your city, state or zip code and Communications preferences.
Demographic Data (including Date of Birth, Age, Gender)
Financial Data (including payment information, such as credit card number and expiration date)
Legal Data as needed by third party applications (including social security number, or other data requested)
General Data (including comments, photos, and other user-generated content posted on our Site, correspondence and other information that you send to us)
Our Site does not collect, use, or disclose Personal Information from children under the age of thirteen (13) without the express consent and participation of a parent or legal guardian.
Traffic Data
When you access and use the Site, information as to how the Site is used and accessed may be automatically collected by us or third party providers through the use of various technologies that automatically collect information (“Usage Information”). Usage Information generally does not contain Personal Information, and may include, among other things IP addresses or unique device identifier, browser settings, internet service provider (ISP) information, sites you visited before/after visiting the Site, operating systems, date/time stamps, and clickstream data, Pages you view and links you click on within the Site, Information collected through cookies and web beacons, and information about your interactions with e-mail messages.
The Site may use such information to understand the types of visitors who use the Site, provide Fraud and opt-in verification for merchant protection, analyze Site traffic, or to analyze problems or maintenance concerns with our server, administer our Site, or to enhance your user experience with the Site. Such Traffic Data may also be shared with business partners, affiliates, or advertisers on an anonymous basis.
Cookies, Web Beacons and Other Technologies
We may use cookies, web beacons/pixel tags, Flash Cookies, and other similar technologies to automatically collect, use and analyze information from you. The information is used for affiliate tracking of referral sales, and Site analytics. By accessing the Site, you agree to our use of such cookie and related technologies. Cookies are small bits of information that are stored by your computer’s web browser other device which you use to access the Site, which contain information about your visit to the Site or use of Applications. We do not capture Personal Information in cookies or use cookies to mine Personal Information. You can remove or decide how cookies are treated by your web browser by configuring your browser’s preferences or options following directions provided in your internet browser’s “help” directory. If you reject cookies, you may still access and use the Site, but the Site’s functionality and/or your ability to use some areas of the Site may be limited.
Web Beacons (also known as “Pixel Tags” or “clear GIFs”) are very small images or small pieces of data embedded in images, that assist us in managing the Site and/or tracking referrals from our partners and affiliates. Web Beacons have a unique identifier, are used to track the online movements of web users, and can recognize cookies, the time/date a page is viewed, a description of the page, and other similar information. As with cookies, we do not capture Personal Information or connect the information gathered by Web Beacons to your Personal Information.
We may allow third parties to place and read their own cookies, web beacons and similar technologies to collect information, such as traffic data and analytics, through the Site. The use of tracking technologies by such third parties on the site is not covered by our Privacy Policy, and we do not have access or control over these technologies.
Direct Communication and Information From Other Sources
We may receive information about you from other sources (such as direct communications with you by telephone or written correspondence, through affiliates, opting in to our newsletter or Site from another website, or your participation in one of our 3rd party applications such as Facebook or Twitter) and may add that information to your Personal Information, which we collect. We also may combine the information we collect about you from the Site with information collected from third parties to enhance our services you.
Personal Information. As described above, we will collect certain Personal Information from you when you visit and access the Site. In addition to the uses described above, the Site captures such Personal Information at USJF newsletter opt-in, in the process of purchasing a USJF membership, and/or during the purchase of merchandise. We capture such Personal Information only when you access the Site or Applications or speak with us on the telephone, and disclose that information to us. We may monitor and/or record phone conversations or email communications between you and us for training and quality assurance purposes.
Testimonials, Surveys, Contests and Reviews
We may, from time to time, elicit information from you through the use of surveys or questionnaires. We may, from time to time, ask you to participate in customer satisfaction surveys on the Site, and request certain Personal Information from you. Participation in testimonials, surveys or contests is strictly voluntary and you are not obligated to disclose this information. From the information supplied by you and with your consent, we may display testimonials, survey or contest results, or customer reviews. In order to revise or delete your testimonial, contest or survey review, you can contact us as set out at “Contact Us” below.
How We Use the Information We Collect
In general, we use the information we collect from you, including Personal Information, to provide our services to you and fulfill your requests. Additionally, we may use your information for the following purposes:
To communicate with you, improve your user experience with the Site and Applications, Customize and tailor your use of the Site.
For marketing and/or advertising purposes, and to provide you with promotions, products, services, newsletters, and information you request and respond to correspondence that we receive from you;
To process your orders, facilitate your transactions with our third-party marketing partners, and inform you of offers and discounts, as well as send you transactional emails with purchase confirmation
Contact you with surveys, legal notices, and other information that may be relevant to your use of the Site
To administer and maintain the Site, analyze the Site, or for other internal purposes to improve the quality of the Site
To publish comments, images, video submissions and other information posted in our interactive online features; and
As otherwise described to you at the point of collection or pursuant to your consent
To notify of contest and survey results, and may publicly disclose the name, city, and state of the contest winners
We may share non-Personal Information (e.g. the number of visitors to a particular web page) with third parties
To response to requests from law enforcement officials, subpoenas, and/or court orders
Where disclosure is necessary to protect our legal rights, enforce our Terms of Use or other agreements, or to protect ourselves or others
To consummate business transactions, in the event we are acquired by or merge with another entity, or our assets transferred to another entity, or as part of a bankruptcy proceeding
The Site may include a publically accessible blog and/or interactive forums. As any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them, please consider such uses by others before you contribute your Personal Information.
We review this Privacy Policy and our compliance with it from time to time to confirm their accuracy. Please contact us with any questions or concerns, so that we can and attempt to resolve any issues or complaints relating to our Privacy Policy or practices.
How We Share the Information We Collect and Receive
In addition to the use of your information as noted above in Section 2, we may share your information as follows:
Marketing and Business Partners. In order to jointly offer you products or services, we may share your information with certain marketing and/or business partners so as to provide you with promotional materials and/or other materials, which may be of interest to you.
Affiliates. We may disclose and share your information with our affiliated and/or subsidiary entities for a variety of purposes, including business, operational, and marketing purposes.
Service Providers. We may share your information with third parties and service providers that assist us to perform certain functions on your and/or our behalf, including for technical support, website hosting, order fulfillment, customer service, managing databases, hosting e-commerce platforms, perform analyses, processing credit card transactions or sending communications.
Controlling Your Information and Opting Out
As a user of the Site, you can opt out of receiving or sharing various types of information. In accord with the following, you can determine how this information is handled.
Updating or Deleting Personal Information. If you would like to modify or delete any of your Personal Information collected through the Site, you may edit your user information by contacting as set out at “Contact Us” below. As we may from time to time delete records and/or information, we are not obligated to maintain or store any such Personal Information. You agree that we are not liable to do so, and we therefore disclaim any liability relating to the loss of any such Personal Information. We will retain your information for as long as necessary to provide you services, comply with legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. We may maintain some or all of this data after it has been removed from the Site.
Targeted Advertising. At this time, the Site does not employ the use of targeted advertising, but the Site may employ such use in the future.
Third Party Sharing and Promotional Materials. If you desire to refrain from (i) sharing Personal Information with non-service provider third parties, or (ii) using your Personal Information to provide you with offers, send you newsletters, emails or other communications, you can direct us to refrain from sharing and/or using your Personal Information in such manner by contacting us at as set out at “Contact Us” below.
“Do Not Track” Signals. Some web browsers may provide you the ability to enable a “do not track” setting.
Receiving Promotional Materials and Newsletters. From time to time, we may send you promotional emails, promotional materials and/or newsletters as well as to persons who have opted in to receive such emails. Upon your request, we will stop sending emails and/or newsletters to your email address. You can make these requests by contacting us as set out at “Contact Us” below. Additionally, you can opt-out of receiving newsletters and/or promotional communications from us by using the unsubscribe function in our communication.
Non-Promotional Communications. You may not opt-out of non-promotional service-related or transactional communications, however, if you do not wish to receive such service-related communications, you may terminate your account by contactingno@usjf.com or write/call us at the following address: United States Judo Federation, PO Box 338, Ontario, OR 97914-0338 USA. Phone: (541) 889-8753.
Data Security
In order to secure the information that we collect, we use encryption and security procedures to help protect against loss, misuse, and unauthorized access to the information we receive. This includes physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure your Personal Information. Credit card and personal information are transmitted by secure servers (SSL), and all such sensitive information is encrypted and stored on a separate server and/or hardware platform, which is kept separate from the main shopping cart system and its administration. Additionally, multiple layers of 3rd party DDOS, PCI and RackSpace security systems are in place relating to the Site. System scans to detect, prevent and remedy virus and/or system security breaches are performed daily by the Site.
Please be aware that no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, and we therefore cannot guarantee the security of information you transmit to or from the Site or its Applications. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU UNDERSTAND AND ASSUME THE RISKS OF UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS, THEFT, DAMAGE OR LOSS TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF THE SITE OR ITS APPLICATIONS, AND THAT WE ARE NOT LIABLE FOR AND DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR SUCH RISKS.
As a result, while we strive to protect the information we maintain, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you disclose or transmit to our Platform and cannot be responsible for the theft, destruction, or inadvertent disclosure of information.
As noted in the Terms of Use, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account password and for any access to or use of the Site, whether or not authorized by you. Please notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security. IF YOUR PRIVACY (AND/OR PASSWORD OR ACCESS INFORMATION) HAS BEEN BREACHED THROUGH USE OF THE SITE OR ITS APPLICATIONS, PLEASE CONTACT US IMMEDIATELY AT e-mail: no@usjf.com or (541) 889-8753.
Links to Third Party Sites and Services
USJF and the Site may maintain links to other websites and other websites may maintain links to the Site. Such other websites are operated by third parties and are not within the control of USJF. As such, this Privacy Policy applies only to this Site and not to other websites accessible from the Site. Additionally, such links do not constitute an endorsement by USJF of such other websites or their content. You should read the Privacy Policies of the other websites to determine whether you agree with the terms thereof.
Privacy Policy Updates or Changes
We may update or modify this Privacy Policy at any time by posting a notice on this page and the Site, and updating the effective on this policy date. As the updates will be posted here in this Privacy Policy, you must review this page from time to time for the current and updated information on our privacy practices.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact the USJF at no@usjf.com or write/call us at the following address: United States Judo Federation, PO Box 338, Ontario, OR 97914-0338 USA. Phone: (541) 889-8753.