https://www.ghsa.net/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting GHSA.Net (our "Site"), the official website of the Georgia High School Association. We appreciate the opportunity to interact with you on the Internet and are committed to protecting and safeguarding your privacy. The purpose of this Privacy Statement is to inform you about the types of information we might collect about you when you visit our Site, how we may use that information and whether we disclose that information to anyone.
What Information We Collect and How We Use It
Any information we collect on our Site generally falls into the Personally Identifiable Information category.
Personally Identifiable Information: This refers to information that lets us know specifically who you are. In general, you can visit our Site without telling us who you are or revealing any Personally Identifiable Information.
Under certain situations, in order to gain access to restricted website procedures or content, we may require you to provide Personally Identifiable Information in order to verify the identity of those who are allowed to access restricted material.
Also, we may also require Personally Identifiable Information in order to confirm that certain website procedures have been successfully completed, such as online presentations and tests.
Sharing Your Information
Except as disclosed in this Privacy Statement, we do not sell, trade, rent, or otherwise retransmit any Personally Identifiable Information we collect online unless we have your permission.
From time to time, we may be required to provide Personally Identifiable Information in response to court order, subpoena, or government investigation. We also reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we in good faith believe to be unlawful. We may release Personally Identifiable Information when we believe that such release is reasonably necessary or to protect the rights, property, and safety of others and ourselves.
Email Tracking
At certain times, we may transmit emails that contain images and links that allow us to track which recipients open (views) the email and also which recipients click on links that may be contained in the email.
This information is used to ensure that the information we have transmitted is getting to the proper personnel at our member schools and other entities that interact with this organization.
The results of this message tracking is used internally and are never shared with other individuals or organizations.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Cookies
Cookies are data that a Web site transfers to an individual's hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies, which are industry standard and are used by most Web sites, including those operated by us, can facilitate a user's ongoing access to and use of a site. They allow us to customise the web site to your needs. If you do not want information collected through the use of Cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to deny or accept the Cookie feature. But you should note that Cookies may be necessary to provide you with some features of our on-line services.
Links To Other Web Sites
Links to third-party Web sites may be provided solely for your information and convenience, or to provide additional information for various other goods and services. If you use these links, you will leave our Site. This Privacy Statement does not cover the information practices of those Web sites linked to our Site, nor do we control their content or privacy policies. We suggest that you carefully review the privacy policies of each site you visit.
Changes To This Statement
Any updates or changes to the terms of this Privacy Statement will be posted here on our Site and the date of the newest version posted below. Please check back frequently, especially before you submit any Personally Identifiable Information at our Site, to see if this Privacy Statement has changed.
By using our Site, you acknowledge acceptance of this Privacy Statement in effect at the time of use.
Contact Us
If you have any concerns about our use of your information or about this Privacy Statement, please send an e-mail to webmaster@ghsa.net. We will make every reasonable effort to address your concerns and remedy any problems you bring to our attention.
This Privacy Statement was last revised on January 27, 2012.