http://www.leicestershireccc.co.uk/merchandise-terms-and-conditions.html
Merchandise Terms and Conditions
Payment
We accept the following credit and debit cards: Visa, MasterCard, Switch and Maestro.
We receive your payment into our account through the normal banking process and of course you have all the protections normally offered in any retail transactions.
All transactions will be made in Pounds Sterling (£).
Customs and tax
The prices displayed on our site are the prices you buy at including VAT. The only additional cost is delivery and that is clearly visible to you before you buy.
If goods are being sent abroad we do not currently have the facility to deduct the VAT. Also on non-UK parcels, it will be labelled with contents for smooth access through Customs, though of course we have no control over individual Customs checks.
Delivery and fulfilment
We will deliver your goods as near as possible to the date and time set out in your order confirmation, subject to the vagaries of the Post Office. It is a fact of life that delays in deliveries may occur due to circumstances beyond our control.
Our aim is to deliver your order within a maximum of 3-5 working days in UK and 15 working days worldwide of receiving your order.
Should you experience problems with your delivery please contact us at enquiries@leicestershireccc.co.uk or call us on 0116 283 2128 between the hours of 9.00am-5.00pm. Monday to Friday (UK times)
DATA PROTECTION AND PRIVACY
We take our obligations under the Data Protection Act 1998 seriously. We know you also value your privacy online.
You are entitled to see a copy of the personal information we hold about you and to correct any error or omission in it. Please contact us enquries@leicestershireccc.co.uk. Your request must contain enough details to enable us to identify and find your personal data. Under the Data Protection Act 1998 we are entitled to charge an administration fee for answering your request of no more than £10 which we may agree to waive.
What we WON'T do with your personal data:
We will not sell, trade or rent your personal information to others or disclose your personal details to any advertiser. We may provide aggregate statistics about our customers; sales, traffic patterns and related site information to reputable third-party vendors, but these statistics will include no personally identifying information.
We will not sell or rent your personal details to third parties
We will not disclose your personal details to third parties except when:-
(i) required to do so by law;
(ii) in response to a valid legal request by law enforcement or governmental agencies; or
(iii) where you have given your consent, either at registration or at some other time.
What we use personal data for:
We collect your data name, e-mail address, the delivery address including postcode, credit or debit card number and expiry date to enable us to identify you prior to entering into a contract for sale and to enable us to fulfil your order.
We also ask for your telephone number, which enables us, our suppliers or couriers, to contact you or the recipient urgently if there is a problem with your order.
We may from time to time contact you about other goods or services by direct mail or by e-mail (which we will clearly identify as a commercial communication). If you would prefer not to be contacted in this way, please tick the box on your order form or contact us by email [email address] or at the above address at any time.
We also collect information about your use of this web site, particularly details of your browser, which IP address you accessed us from and which URL you went to after using our services. This information is used for system administration purposes and to form part of online customer profiles and demographics which we may make available to our advertisers.
In order to collect customer use profiles and demographics and to "analyse" your visit to the web site we may use "cookies" to store and track information about your use of this web site. We may also use cookies to enable your delivery address and card payment details to be stored so that you don't have to enter them again. If you object to this use of your personal data to store address and payment details or to create customer use profiles and demographics, please tick the box on your order form or email us enquries@leicestershireccc.co.uk or contact us at the address below.
We may also use the information we collect to notify you important functionality changes to the web site, new services and special offers we think you'll find valuable. If you would rather not receive this information, please tick the box on your order form or send us an e-mail at enquries@leicestershireccc.co.uk or write to the address below.
Security of personal data
When you place orders or access your account information, we offer the use of a secure server. The secure socket layer (SSL) encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us. Furthermore, as required by the UK Data Protection Act 1998, we follow strict security procedures in the storage and disclosure of information which you have given us, to prevent unauthorised access. Our security procedures mean that we may occasionally request proof of identity before we are able to disclose sensitive information to you.
Your Consent
By using our Web site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by LCCC. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Tell Us What You Think
The Shop at Fischer County Ground welcomes your questions and comments about privacy. Please send an e-mail to enquries@leicestershireccc.co.uk.
Terms of Web Site Use and Disclaimer
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS OF USE AND DISCLAIMER CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEB SITE (THIS "SITE"). THESE TERMS DO NOT AFFECT CONSUMERS' STATUTORY OR OTHER LEGAL RIGHTS, OR THE CONSUMER LAW OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS.
By using this site, you agree to these terms of use. Unless you agree to these terms, you may not use this site. We reserve the right, at any time, to change these terms of use, and you agree to be bound by such changes on subsequent visits to the site.
Order acceptance and Processing
We will accept your order by sending you an e-mail confirmation. If we are unable to ship the items requested, or we cannot obtain the goods from other suppliers, we will offer you a refund or credit your credit card.
We reserve the right, at any time prior to sending you e-mail confirmation of your order, to refuse any order or any part of an order, or to require further or better information to enable us to evaluate and/or process the order.
Subject to any rights granted to you under applicable consumer law, we accept no liability for any failure to ship products where this results from our inability to do so or our decision on reasonable grounds not to do so, provided that we take all reasonable steps to notify you within fourteen (14) days of order placement that products will not be shipped as ordered. In such cases we will not process any payment or will immediately refund any payment made, in full. It is your responsibility to ensure that you order from us with sufficient lead time to prevent any loss or disappointment resulting from such non-shipment.
Disclaimers and Limitations on LCCC's Liability
The information and materials contained in this site, including but not limited to text, graphics and links, are provided on an "as is" basis with no warranty. We do not represent or warrant that the information accessible via this site is accurate, complete or current, or that the use of this site is free of risk of viruses or other damage.
Information on price and availability is subject to change without notice
We warrant products and related services bought from us, which we or our suppliers provide, in accordance with law, and nothing in these terms is to be taken to exclude or restrict any rights which applicable law grants to consumers in respect of such products or services. Individual products may be the subject of additional warranties or guarantees given directly by their manufacturers or suppliers. Such warranties or guarantees are not enforceable against LCCC, but only against those giving them.
We accept liability for personal injury or death and in the United Kingdom for fraudulent misrepresentation where and to the extent that they result from our negligence or that of our servants and agents without limit.
We accept liability for damage to property where and to the extent that it arises from our negligence or that of our servants and agents up to a limit, in relation to any one event or series of events arising from a common cause, of (I) where the event is or relates to the purchase of any product, twenty (20) times the price paid for that product, or (II) in any other case two thousand pounds (£2,000).
Except as provided above there are no other warranties, conditions or other terms, express or implied, statutory or otherwise, and all such terms are excluded to the maximum extent that law permits. We accept no liability for any indirect or consequential loss, however it may arise and even if we have been previously advised of the possibility of such loss.
External Sites
This site may contain links to other sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by third party vendors and other third parties (the "external sites"). We are not responsible for the availability of, or the content located on or through, nor for any transactions between you and such sites (including as to "cookies", personal data, confidential information, or purchases of goods or services). You should contact the site administrator or webmaster for those external sites if you have any concerns regarding such links, content or transactions.
Copyright
All rights in the site design, text, graphics and other content, interfaces, and their selection and arrangements belong to us or our licensors. All rights are reserved save as set out below. Permission is granted to copy electronically and to print hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of placing an order with us or using this site as a shopping resource. Any other use of materials on this site, including reproduction for purposes other than those noted above, modification, distribution, or republication, without our prior written permission is strictly prohibited.
Trade marks
All trademarks, service marks, and trade names (collectively the "marks") are proprietary to us or other respective owners that have granted us the right and license to use such marks.
Our Address:
Fischer County Ground
Grace Road
Leicester
LE2 8AD
United Kingdom
Tel:  0116 2832128
Email: enquries@leicestershireccc.co.uk
Returns & Refunds
We like to offer you complete peace of mind when purchasing goods from us.
In accordance with the Consumer Protection ( Distance Selling ) Regulations 2000, if for any reason you are not satisfied with the goods we have provided you, we offer a 14 day period where you are entitled to a complete money back guarantee or an exchange of item , providing the goods are returned to us with the original packaging and that they are in the same conditions as received by you. Any further postage costs incurred returning the items to us is to be met by yourself.
Faulty goods - Should you feel that you have received faulty goods, we will once again refund your money or offer you an alternative product upon inspection of the item . We reserve the right to seek the opinion of the manufacturer if required. This does not apply to faults caused by accident, neglect, misuse or everyday wear and tear. Unfortunately due to copyright laws, we are unable to refund any DVD’s or PC Games if the packaging has been broken.
This does not affect your statutory rights.
When returning goods please include the following:
• A copy of your original receipt
• The order number
• The original packaging
• Your delivery address, telephone number and email address
• A brief note outlining why the items are being returned
In order that we can deal swiftly with your returned goods may we ask that you send your items to:
Fischer County Ground
Grace Road
Leicester
LE2 8AD
United Kingdom Delivery
Delivery charge is £5.00
European Delivery
Deliveries to countries in Europe - we charge £14.95
Outside of Europe (world wide)
Delivery to countries outside of Europe - we charge £19.95
Cancellation policy.
If a customer changes their mind after placing an order, then a refund can be requested, as long as this is within the first 3 days after placing the order.
Tweets by @leicsccc
Our partners
Official Front Of Shirt Partner