https://www.foxharbr.com/privacyterms/
A NOVA SCOTIA RESORT LANDMARK
See our packages
Enjoy true luxury and our ocean views
LUXURIOUS RESORT COMMUNITY
A little piece of heaven just through the gates
Learn More
EXPERIENCE NOVA SCOTIA GOLF
Championship ocean side golf
See our golf packages
PRIVACY STATEMENT
This Web site, www.foxharbr.com is owned and operated by Fox Harbr Resort. We are strongly committed to protecting the privacy of our Web site users. The intent of our privacy statement is to inform you, the user, about the information that we may collect about visitors to our site, how we use that information, and about our disclosure practices.
Fox Harb’r Resort is committed to high standards that require honesty, integrity and fairness. Fox Harb’r Resort will collect no personal information about you unless you choose to provide that information to us. We do not use techniques that collect personal information about you without your knowledge. You have the right to decline to have any information collected or transferred for marketing purposes.
WHAT HAPPENS TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
All personal information that is collected on our Web site is stored in a secure location. At no time will we solicit personal information to third party vendors without prior consent, as we respect the privacy and confidentiality of our Web site visitors.
COOKIES AND INTERNET-BASED ADVERTISING>
Fox Harb’r works with third parties to track your activity on our website, as well as to serve you with relevant advertisements. These advertising services use pixel tags, cookies and other tracking technologies to collect and store non-personal information about your visit to our website. Should you visit our website using your mobile device, an advertising service may also collect your device’s unique identifier, or location, and attempt to synchronize your mobile website visit with other website visits.
WHAT ABOUT SPAM?
Subscribers will not receive any unsolicited emails or correspondence if they have not provided Fox Harb’r Resort with prior permission. From time to time, we may use email as a way to keep in touch with our Web site visitors; however, we do not send “spam” (unsolicited marketing e-mail). If you agree to receive email communications from us, every email message we sent to you will include an email address to which you can respond. If at any time you decide you do not want to receive marketing email from us, simply let us know and we will remove your name and email address from our mailing list.
WHEN YOU LEAVE THIS SITE
This policy discloses the privacy practices for our Web site. However, our site contains links to other sites. Once you link to another site, you are subject to the privacy and security policies of the new site. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of all Web sites you visit, especially if you share any personal information.
Security Policy users are prohibited from violating or attempting to violate the security of the site. By way of example, you are prohibited from (a) accessing data not intended for such user or logging onto a server or an account which the user is not authorized to access; (b) attempting to prove, scan or test the vulnerability of a system or network or to breach security without proper authorization; (c) attempting to interfere with service to any user, host or network; (d) sending unsolicited mail, including promotions and/or advertising of products or services
If you have any questions regarded this policy, please call us at 1.902.257.1801
Inquire
×