http://www.aberdaregolfclub.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Menu
Home
About Us
Club House
Golf Professional
Meet the Team
Golf Club Membership
Food and Drink – Bar Menu
Pay My Fees
Golf
The Course
Green Fees
Golf Competitions
Golf Events (Open Days)
Golf Societies
Golf Lessons
Venue Hire
Catering
Wedding Venue
Conference Venue
Anniversary Party Venue
Funeral wakes and memorial services
Sunday Lunch
What’s On
News
Contact
Privacy Policy
At Aberdare Golf Club we are committed to maintaining the trust and confidence of our visitors to our web site. In particular, we want you to know that Aberdare Golf Club is not in the business of selling, renting or trading email lists with other companies and businesses for marketing purposes. This Privacy Policy, provides detailed information on when and why we collect your personal information, how we use it, the limited conditions under which we may disclose it to others and how we keep it secure.
Aberdare Golf Club is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Aberdare Golf Club may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy was updated in May 2018 in line with the new GDPR directives.
What We Collect
We may collect the following information:
name
contact information including email address
demographic information such as post code, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What We Do With The Information We Gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services. We may periodically send promotional email about new services or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided. We use that information for a couple of reasons: to tell you about information you’ve asked us to tell you about; to contact you if we need to obtain or provide additional information; to check our records are right and to check every now and then that you’re happy and satisfied. We don’t rent or trade email lists with other organisations and businesses.
We use a third-party provider, MailChimp, to deliver our newsletter. We gather statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies to help us monitor and improve our e-newsletter. For more information, please see MailChimp’s privacy notice. You can unsubscribe to general mailings at any time of the day or night by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of our emails.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail.
We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
“When you purchase a ticket (or tickets), merchandise, membership or gift voucher(s) through the Aberdare Golf Club box office or online your name, address data, email and contact number will be stored in our Box Office system, Tickettailor. You may, of course, purchase a ticket (or tickets) in person without supplying the afore mentioned personal data. Please be assured that we do not share your personal details with any other company without your consent.”
CCTV
The venue does have CCTV covering certain areas of the venue and this is in place to ensure that audience members safety is uphold at all times. Signs are on display in the venue confirming CCTV is operating.
The Data Protection Act gives you the right to see information held about you, including CCTV images of you, or images which give away information about you (such as your car number plate). If you wish to view CCTV filmed at the venue please contact us.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Links to Other Websites
Our website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest easily. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question. We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen. You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998.
If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to us at the address on our Contact page. If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Use of Cookies on our site.
A cookie is a text-only string of information that a website transfers to the cookie file of the browser on your computer’s hard disk so that the website can remember who you are. A cookie will typically contain the name of the domain from which the cookie has come, the “lifetime” of the cookie, and a value, usually a randomly generated unique number. Two types of cookies are used on this website:
Session Cookies which are temporary cookies that remain in the cookie file of your browser until you leave the site,
Persistent cookies, which remain in the cookie file of your browser for much longer (though how long will depend on the lifetime of the specific cookie).
Cookies can help a website to arrange content to match your preferred interests more quickly. Most major websites use cookies. Cookies cannot be used by themselves to identify you. Find out more about cookies.
How we use Cookies on our Site and what Information we collect.
Session Cookies
To allow you to carry information across pages of our site and avoid having to re-enter information.
Within registration to allow you to access stored information.
Persistent Cookies.
To help us recognise you as a unique visitor (just a number) when you return to our website and to allow us to tailor content or advertisements to match your preferred interests or to avoid showing you the same adverts repeatedly.
To compile anonymous, aggregated statistics that allow us to understand how users use our site and to help us improve the structure of our website. We cannot identify you personally in this way.
Disabling/Enabling Cookies.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies by modifying the settings in your browser. However, you may not be able to use all the interactive features of our site if cookies are disabled. Find out how to disable/enable cookies
Back to top