https://www.shannonbriggs.com/privacy-policy-2/
Privacy Policy
Home Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which X-street collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the http://store.X-street.com website (“Site”). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by X-street.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, place an order, subscribe to the newsletter, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Orders cancelled after 24 hours may be subject to a minimum 25% or maximum 50% cancellation and restocking fee in addition to any shipping charges incurred.
Orders cancelled after 24 hours may be subject to a minimum 25% or maximum 50% cancellation and restocking fee in addition to any shipping charges incurred.
Auros reserves the right to modify or change the terms of use of this site with or without notification.
How we use collected information
Auros may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
– To improve customer serviceInformation you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
– To personalize user experienceWe may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
– To process paymentsWe may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
– To run a promotion, contest, survey or other Site feature
Need a Support?
Chat Support
Tweet Support
Phone Consultant
Visit Our Forum
404 page
About Us
Blog List
Cart
Champ’s Blog
Checkout
Coming Soon
Contact
FAQ
Home 1
Home 2
Home 9
Icons
My account
On Sale
Order Tracking
Payment Method
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Refund & Returns
Sample Page
Shipping Method
Shop
Terms & Conditions
test
Warranty and Services
Wishlist
Add to cart
Search
Search for:
Search
Loading cart ...