https://www.glamorgancricket.com/cookie-policy
Cookie Policy
Below is a summary of the cookies used in this website:
Cookie
Name
Purpose
Cookie preference
VSICookieStatus
This cookie is used to remember that a user has been shown the cookie information panel and accepted it.
Google Analytics
_utma _utmb _utmc _utmz
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where vistors have come to the site from and the pages they visited. Click here for an overview of privacy at Google
ASP.NET cookies
ASP.NET_SessionId
This cookie is essential for use of the website, as it creates an anonymous "session" that allows the website to respond to your requests. This cookie is deleted when you close your browser. Visit the Microsoft website
YouTube cookies
We embed videos from our official YouTube channel using YouTube’s privacy-enhanced mode. This mode may set cookies on your computer once you click on the YouTube video player, but YouTube will not store personally-identifiable cookie information for playbacks of embedded videos using the privacy-enhanced mode. Read more at YouTube’s embedding videos information page.
Opting out of Cookies
Most web browsers allow some control of non-essential cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.
One thing to note: if you opt to not allow the saving of cookies using your browser, you are likely to see the Cookie Information pop-up every time you visit most websites, as it is likely your preference will not be saved. To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.
Learn more
Got it!