https://www.atlanticseakayaking.com/termsofuse/
Toggle navigation
Atlantic Sea Kayaking
Home
FAQ
About us
Team
Blog
News
Gallery
Honours
West Cork
Tours
Day Time Trips
Night-time Trips
Divider
Cork City Trips
International Trips
Packages
Group / Corporate Offers
Vouchers
e-Gift Vouchers
Gift Cards
Courses & Coaching
Contact
+3532821058
Shopping cart0
Shopping cart0
Your cart is currently empty.
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
HomeTerms and Conditions
x
Welcome to our website. If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern Atlantic Sea Kayaking’s relationship with you in relation to this website. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use our website.
The term 'Atlantic Sea Kayaking’' or 'us' or 'we' refers to the owner of the website whose registered office is at Atlantic Sea Kayaking, Reen Pier, West Cork, Ireland  The term 'you' refers to the user or viewer of our website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
This website uses cookies to monitor browsing preferences. If you do allow cookies to be used, the following personal information may be stored by us for use by third parties: name,  contact information including email address, demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests, other information relevant to customer
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
All trademarks reproduced in this website which are not the property of, or licensed to, the operator are acknowledged on the website.
Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
From time to time this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
Business Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Atlantic Sea Kayaking uses and protects any information that you give Atlantic Sea Kayaking when you use this website.
Atlantic Sea Kayaking is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with our privacy policy.
Atlantic Sea Kayaking may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 1/03/2018.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
Name
Contact information including email address
Demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
Other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Links to Other Websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information, which you provide whilst visiting such sites and this privacy statement does not govern such sites. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your Personal Information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at info@atlanticseakayaking.com.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties, which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information, which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable for repeat requests. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to Atlantic Sea Kayaking, Reen Pier, West Cork, Ireland.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of the Republic of Ireland.
"One of the most magical experiences you can have anywhere in the world"
The Irish Times
Other Tours
Cork City Harbour Trips
Kayaks & SUP Rentals
International trips offers
Packages
Courses & Coaching
Corporate / Group
Testimonials
Jim and Emily were great guides - both fun and patient - and they ensured we were stayed warm, safe, kept well informed, and were able to enjoy the experience to the maximum.
NewZealandMidWife , New Zealand
Kayaking the Irish Sea by moonlight on the summer solstice and watching the water light up beneath my fingertips was absolutely magical.
Taylor E, East Hartford, Connecticut
Great instructor (who gave us pointers for kayak purchase) great experience. 100%recommended for all levels of water confidence.
Stephen Duffy, Navan, Ireland
We spent 3 hours in the water and had a great time. Would definitely do this again.
Liam Springwell, Cork
Great fun day out for friends & families. Very safe for children and spectacular views on your trip. We really enjoyed it.
Conal Granite, Cork
What a lovely way to spend the morning. I joined a group for a kayaking trip on Lochyne, waterproofs were provided and basic tuition was given where needed.
Jill T, Cardiff, United Kingdom
An excellent instructor but also just a great guy to have chats and banter with. We all left with a massive grá for Cork, for kayaking and for roll neck aran jumpers!
Katie G, Wexford, Ireland
We would highly recommend it to anyone. Jim was very helpful and friendly. We had never been kayaking before and he was a great instructor.
Justin D
This is our 2nd trip with yerselves and it was brilliant again.
The Covid safety measures were excellent and we felt very safe,
Niamh
Look who's talking about us
Subscribe to our newsletter
Email address
Submit
Atlantic Sea Kayaking
Thank you for signing up to our newsletter
YouTube Video