http://www.bowlingfans.com/legal/
Home|Expert Bowling Tips|BowlingCommunity.com|Chat|Right Approach|Calendar|TV Schedules
Frequently Asked Questions|Bowling Glossary|Bowling Software|BowlSearch.com|Pro Shop
Follow @bowlingfans
Privacy Statement for BowlingFans.com
Your privacy is important, so we'd like to explain what information we collect when you visit BowlingFans.com (http://www.bowlingfans.com, http://www.bowlsearch.com and http://www.bowlingcommunity.com), why we collect it and how it is used. We'd also like to explain your options to access and control your information, our data security practices and other matters. This Policy is governed by our Terms of Use.
Special Note About Children
This Site is not intended for children, especially kids under 13. Children may use this Site only with the direct supervision of their parent.
We do not seek to collect personal information about children under 13 years of age through this web site. If we discover such information, we will delete it. Thus, we typically retain no information about children. However, if a parent requests a review of information we may have on their child and in the unlikely event we still retain such information and haven't deleted it, then we will honor that request. In order to request a review or deletion of personal information that BowlingFans.com may have collected about your child, please e-mail our Business Office.
When you communicate with BowlingFans.com, we make every effort to ensure your privacy and safety. As an added precaution, however, we still encourage parents to monitor their child's use of the Internet, and to help us protect their privacy by reminding them never to exchange personal information with this or any other web site without the assistance or express written permission of a parent or other responsible adult.
What Information Do We Collect From You? Why?
We May Profile You Individually.
We may build a profile of your online habits, interests and activities when you use our Site. This profile is linked to your personal identity. We compile individual profiles from "real world" contact information (e.g., street address, phone/fax), email addresses, data relating to a specific purchase, information about user PCs (e.g., IP address or browser type), data showing usage of interactive features (e.g., search engine queries), demographic information (e.g., gender, marital status, age, income, job), the personal preferences of users (i.e., favorite color, music, books), user content (e.g., chat postings), and we use these profiles for the purposes described below (please scroll down to each topic for details).
We May Collect Information Needed to Contact You Later
If we collect personal contact information (as described below), you may later have us modify or remove it from our system, but you may not access the information yourself.
We May Collect Your Name, Address and Phone Number
When you use our Site, we may request your name, street address, telephone number or other "real world" contact information. This information may reveal your identity or be linked to you personally. We use this information to complete and support the immediate activity requested, administer and run the Site, customize and personalize content to your request, improve the Site for everyone, telemarket goods and services to you, market things to you in the future (other than by telemarketing), tailor an instant offer to you during your visit, build a profile of your habits, interests or activities to treat you as an individual, build individual profiles for ongoing research, analysis and reporting, comply with laws requiring preservation of social histories, and to comply with any requirements of law. This information may be aggregated with similar data in a manner that does not reveal your personal identity and may be disclosed only to our staff and to our immediate agents.
We May Collect Your Email Address
We may request your email address or other information needed to contact you online. This information may reveal who you are or be linked to you personally. We use it to complete and support the immediate activity requested, administer and run the Site, customize and personalize content to your request, improve the Site for everyone, telemarket goods and services to you, market things to you in the future (other than by telemarketing), tailor an instant offer to you during your visit, build a profile of your habits, interests or activities to treat you as an individual, build individual profiles for ongoing research, analysis and reporting, comply with laws requiring preservation of social histories, and to comply with any requirements of law. This information may be aggregated with similar data in a manner that does not reveal your personal identity and may be disclosed only to our staff and to our immediate agents.
We May Collect Other Kinds of Information from You
When you use our Site, we may collect personal information about you described below. You may later have us modify or remove the information, but you may not access the information yourself.
We May Collect Purchase Information
We may collect information resulting from a specific purchase you make, such as payment method and credit card numbers, associated with your personal identity. We use this information to complete and support the immediate activity requested, administer and run the Site, customize and personalize content to your request, improve the Site for everyone, telemarket goods and services to you, market things to you in the future (other than by telemarketing), tailor an instant offer to you during your visit, build a profile of your habits, interests or activities to treat you as an individual, build individual profiles for ongoing research, analysis and reporting, comply with laws requiring preservation of social histories, and to comply with any requirements of law. This information may be aggregated with similar data in a manner that does not reveal your personal identity and may be disclosed only to our staff and to our immediate agents.
We May Collect Information About Your Computer
When you visit our Site, we may automatically collect information about your computer configuration, such as your browser type, operating system, IP address or ISP domain name. In some cases, this information may reveal your identity or be linked to you personally. We use this information to complete and support the immediate activity requested, administer and run the Site, customize and personalize content to your request, improve the Site for everyone, telemarket goods and services to you, market things to you in the future (other than by telemarketing), tailor an instant offer to you during your visit, build a profile of your habits, interests or activities to treat you as an individual, build individual profiles for ongoing research, analysis and reporting, comply with laws requiring preservation of social histories, and to comply with any requirements of law. This information may be aggregated with similar data in a manner that does not reveal your personal identity and may be disclosed only to our staff, immediate agents, and to our partners and affiliates.
We May Collect Interactive Data
You may decide to input data while using certain interactive features at our Site, such as queries submitted to a search engine, bids placed at auction, purchases initiated at the Site and so forth. This information may reveal your identity or be linked to you personally. We use this information to complete and support the immediate activity requested, administer and run the Site, customize and personalize content to your request, improve the Site for everyone, telemarket goods and services to you, market things to you in the future (other than by telemarketing), tailor an instant offer to you during your visit, build a profile of your habits, interests or activities to treat you as an individual, build individual profiles for ongoing research, analysis and reporting, comply with laws requiring preservation of social histories, and to comply with any requirements of law. This information may be aggregated with similar data in a manner that does not reveal your personal identity and may be disclosed only to our staff, immediate agents, and to our partners and affiliates.
We May Collect Demographic Data About You
We may collect information about your demographic or social characteristics, such as gender, age and income level. This information may reveal your identity or be linked to you personally. We use this information to complete and support the immediate activity requested, administer and run the Site, customize and personalize content to your request, improve the Site for everyone, telemarket goods and services to you, market things to you in the future (other than by telemarketing), tailor an instant offer to you during your visit, build a profile of your habits, interests or activities to treat you as an individual, build individual profiles for ongoing research, analysis and reporting, comply with laws requiring preservation of social histories, and to comply with any requirements of law. This information may be aggregated with similar data in a manner that does not reveal your personal identity and may be disclosed only to our staff, immediate agents, and to our partners and affiliates.
We May Keep Note of Your Personal Preferences
We may gather information concerning your personal likes and dislikes, such as your favorite color, taste in music, books or other Site content. This information may reveal your identity or be linked to you personally. We use this information to complete and support the immediate activity requested, administer and run the Site, customize and personalize content to your request, improve the Site for everyone, telemarket goods and services to you, market things to you in the future (other than by telemarketing), tailor an instant offer to you during your visit, build a profile of your habits, interests or activities to treat you as an individual, build individual profiles for ongoing research, analysis and reporting, comply with laws requiring preservation of social histories, and to comply with any requirements of law. This information may be aggregated with similar data in a manner that does not reveal your personal identity and may be disclosed only to our staff, immediate agents, and to our partners and affiliates.
We May Collect Your Online Postings and Content
Certain features of our Site may allow you to contribute content, such as instant messages, chat room postings, email messages and the like. By its nature, this information may reveal your identity or be linked to you personally. We use this information to complete and support the immediate activity requested, administer and run the Site, customize and personalize content to your request, improve the Site for everyone, telemarket goods and services to you, market things to you in the future (other than by telemarketing), tailor an instant offer to you during your visit, build a profile of your habits, interests or activities to treat you as an individual, build individual profiles for ongoing research, analysis and reporting, comply with laws requiring preservation of social histories, and to comply with any requirements of law. This information may be aggregated with similar data in a manner that does not reveal your personal identity and may be disclosed only to our staff, immediate agents, and to our partners and affiliates.
Outside Sources and Web Sites
BowlingFans.com contains hyperlinks to other sites. We may use outside companies to alter links into affiliate links and sometimes get paid if you click one of those links and purchase a product or service. BowlingFans.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such sites and companies.
BowlingFans.com may have entered into partnership and affiliation agreements with other sites and companies. We may share aggregate information with our partners and affiliates as disclosed above. We may also transfer visitors to these sites to provide certain features. BowlingFans.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these partners and affiliates sites.
Beware that some of these partners and affiliates may utilize a design that incorporates and utilizes a virtually identical copy of BowlingFans.com's graphics and layout so it may appear that you are still on the BowlingFans.com web site if you didn't notice the different domain name in the browser's address bar. These partners and affiliates may collect information from you. Before collecting personally identifying information from you our partners and affiliates' sites that utilize this design will disclose that you are no longer on BowlingFans.com and that the site is not subject to BowlingFans.com's privacy policy.
We may use outside companies to display advertisements on our site. These ads may contain cookies and/or web beacons to collect data in the ad serving process. Some of these ads maybe loaded off of these companies' servers. While we use cookies in other parts of our Web site, cookies and/or web beacons received with banner ads are collected by our ad companies, and we do not have access to this information.
Third-party Advertising Disclosures
BowlingFans.com uses third-party advertising companies to serve some ads when you visit BowlingFans.com. These companies may use information about your visits to BowlingFans.com and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.
Additionally, Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve some ads on BowlingFans.com. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to BowlingFans.com users based on their visit to BowlingFans.com and other sites on the Internet. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Certain Exceptional Disclosures
We may disclose your information if necessary to protect our legal rights or if the information relates to actual or threatened harmful conduct. Disclosure may be required by law or if we receive legal process.
What Are Cookies? Why Do We Use Them?
Cookies are small files stored by your browser in your computer when you visit our Site. We use cookies to improve our Site and make it easier to use. Cookies permit us to recognize users and avoid repetitive requests for the same information. We mostly use "session cookies" that are automatically deleted after each visit. Cookies from our Site can't be read by other sites. Most browsers will accept cookies until you change browser settings to refuse them.
How Do We Protect Information We Collect?
We offer secure web pages to collect certain kinds of user information and we store certain kinds of data in encrypted form. We follow reasonable technical and management practices to help protect the confidentiality, security and integrity of data stored on our system. While no computer system is completely secure, we believe the measures implemented by our Site reduce the likelihood of security problems to a level appropriate to the type of data involved.
How Long Do We Keep User Information?
We generally keep user data on our server or in our archives for as long as we reasonably need it. We may alter this practice according to changing requirements. For example, we may delete some data if needed to free up storage space. We may keep other data for longer periods if the law requires it. In addition, information posted in a public forum could stay in the public domain indefinitely.
Data management requests are administered in an orderly manner to the extent feasible and within our direct control. Note: we have greater control over recently collected data than for archived data. Once data is removed from the system and archived, it may not be feasible to accommodate specific requests. In those cases, our general data retention policy applies.
Your Consent To This Policy
By using our Site, you agree to this Policy. Our Terms of Service take precedence over any conflicting Policy provision.
Legal Disclaimer
This Site operates AS-IS and AS-AVAILABLE, without liability of any kind. We are not responsible for events beyond our direct control. This Policy is governed by Vermont law, excluding conflicts of law principles. Any legal actions against us must be commenced in Vermont within one year after the claim arose, or be barred.
If You Have A Privacy Question
If you have a privacy question about our Site, please email our Business Office or write:
usrbingeek LLC
BowlingFans.com
150 Dorset St. #305
South Burlington, VT 05403
Terms of Use
USE OF THIS SITE SIGNIFIES YOUR AGREEMENT TO THE FOLLOWING TERMS OF USE.
Access and Availability of Service and Links
BowlingFans.com (http://www.bowlingfans.com, http://www.bowlsearch.com and http://www.bowlingcommunity.com) contains links to other related World Wide Web Internet sites, resources and sponsors of BowlingFans.com. Since BowlingFans.com is not responsible for the availability of these outside resources or their contents, User should direct any concerns regarding any external link to its site administrator or Webmaster.
Interactive Areas
User shall not upload to, or distribute or otherwise publish through the web site any Content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, abusive or otherwise violates any law.
Our interactive areas which include but are not limited to Guestbooks, Message Boards, Chatrooms, Surveys, and Polls shall be used only in a noncommercial manner. User shall not, without the express approval of BowlingFans.com, distribute or otherwise publish any material containing any solicitation of funds, advertising or solicitation for goods or services.
Although BowlingFans.com does not and cannot review every message posted in the interactive areas, and is not responsible for any content of these messages, BowlingFans.com reserves the right to delete, move or edit messages that it, in its sole discretion, deems abusive, defamatory, obscene, in violation of copyright or trademark laws or otherwise unacceptable. Users shall remain solely responsible for the content of their messages.
User acknowledges that any submissions may be edited, removed, modified, published, transmitted and displayed by BowlingFans.com. In addition User warrants that all moral rights in any uploaded materials have been waived.
Representations and Warranties
Neither BowlingFans.com and any of the usrbingeek LLC family of companies, and affiliates, represents or endorses the accuracy or reliability of any advice, opinion, statement or other information displayed, uploaded or distributed through the service by any User, information provider or any other person or entity. User acknowledges that any reliance upon any such opinion, advice, statement, memorandum or information shall be at User's sole risk. BowlingFans.com reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to correct any errors or omissions in any portion of the web site. The web site and all downloadable software are distributed on an "as is" basis without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including, without limitation, warranties of title or implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, or noninfringement. User hereby acknowledges that use of the web site is at User's sole risk.
Disclaimer
The material in this web site could include technical inaccuracies or other errors. Your use and browsing of the web site is at your risk. Neither BowlingFans.com nor any other party involved in creating, producing or delivering the web site shall be liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect or punitive damages arising out of your access to, or use of, the web site. BowlingFans.com does not warrant the functional aspects of the web site will be uninterrupted or error free, or that this web site or the server that makes it available is free of viruses or other harmful components. Please note that some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so some of the above exclusions may not apply to you. BowlingFans.com reserves the right to make changes to this web site at any time without notice.
WE RECOMMEND ALL USERS READ OUR COMMUNITY GUIDELINES, FEATURE RESTRICTIONS, MEMBER AGREEMENT, TERMS OF USE AND PRIVACY POLICY AS EACH DISCLOSES FURTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATION AND USE OF THIS SITE SIGNIFIES YOUR AGREEMENT TO THESE POLICIES AND TERMS.
Material Connection Disclosures
The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) has revised "Guides Concerning the Use of Endorsements and Testimonials in Advertising" (16 CFR, Part 255) to include blogs and web sites. In accordance with these revised guidelines BowlingFans.com discloses the following material connections:
You should assume BowlingFans.com (http://www.bowlingfans.com, http://www.bowlsearch.com and http://www.bowlingcommunity.com) has a marketing or an affiliate relationship and/or another material connection to the providers of goods and services mentioned on BowlingFans.com and may be compensated when you purchase from a provider. However, we will not endorse anything if we don't actually like and believe in the provider, product or service.
Additionally, on occasion BowlingFans.com may:
have received a gift or sample of a product for consideration in preparing to write this content. BowlingFans.com may not have been expected to return this item or gift after the review period;
have received a review copy (book, CD, software, etc.), or an item of nominal value that BowlingFans.com may have kept for consideration in preparing to write this content;
have received a cash payment or gift from a company affiliated with a brand, topic and/or product that is mentioned herein;
Advertising, affiliate, and sponsored link disclosures:
BowlingFans.com displays Google Adsense ads and earns advertising fees from Google Inc.;
BowlingFans.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com;
BowlingFans.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Endless.com;
BowlingFans.com displays Chitika ads and earns advertising fees from Chitika, Inc.;
BowlingFans.com displays Kontera ads and earns advertising fees from Kontera Technologies, Inc.;
BowlingFans.com uses VigLink to automatically affiliate commercial links and earns advertising fees and/or commissions from VigLink when one of those links are used to purchase a product or service.;
The Material Connection Disclosures is also supplemented by our Privacy Policy.
If you have any questions about these Material Connection Disclosures please email our Business Office.
Copyright Notice
BowlingFans.com Content
The contents of the BowlingFans.com (http://www.bowlingfans.com, http://www.bowlsearch.com and http://www.bowlingcommunity.com) are intended for the personal, noncommercial use of its Users. All materials published on BowlingFans.com (including, but not limited to, feature articles, photographs, images, illustrations, audio clips and video clips, also known as "The Content") are protected by copyright, and owned or controlled by BowlingFans.com, or the party credited as the provider of the content, software or other materials. User shall abide by all additional copyright notices, information or restrictions contained in any Content accessed through the web site.
BowlingFans.com is protected by copyright as a collective work and/or compilation, pursuant to U.S. copyright laws, international conventions and other copyright laws. User may not modify, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale of, reproduce, create derivative works from, distribute, perform, display or in any way exploit any of the Content, software, materials or Service in whole or in part.
User may download or copy the Content and other downloadable items displayed on this web site for personal use only, provided that User maintains all copyright and other notices contained in such Content. User shall not store any significant portion of any Content owned by or licensed to BowlingFans.com in any form. Copying or storing any Content for other than personal, noncommercial use is expressly prohibited without the prior written permission from an Authorized Officer of BowlingFans.com or the copyright holder identified in the individual Content's copyright notice.
Copyright Infringement Notification
To file a copyright infringement notification with us, you will need to send a written communication that includes substantially the following (please consult your legal counsel or see Section 512(c)(3) of the Copyright Act to confirm these requirements):
Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site.
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to locate the material. Providing URLs, nicks, channel names, in the body of an email is the best way to help us locate and remove the content quickly.A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted.
A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Such written notice should be sent to our designated agent as follows:
DMCA Compliance
usrbingeek LLC
BowlingFans.com
150 Dorset St. #305
South Burlington, VT 05403
or email our Business Office.
Under Section 512(f) any person who knowingly materially misrepresents that material or activity is infringing may be subject to liability.
We're here to help!
At BowlingCommunity.com you can get FREE advice from bowling coaches and league bowlers who thrive on helping other bowlers!
Post questions about your game, your technique or find how to overcome difficult lane conditions. You can even post videos of yourself bowling for critique and constructive criticism.
BowlingCommunity.com Recent Posts
After 8onths my centre has finally reopened
by looseleftie - 11/28/20 05:10 PM
No Post Available
by djp1080 - 11/28/20 01:37 PM
BowlingFans.com Expert Bowling Tips
The Nine Cs by Tom Blasco
Mental Toughness by Tom Blasco
The How's And Whys Of Your Inner Workings-The Brain (part 1) by Tom Blasco
The How's And Whys Of Your Inner Workings-The Brain (part 2) by Tom Blasco
The How's And Whys Of Your Inner Workings-The Brain (part 3) by Tom Blasco
The How's And Whys Of Your Inner Workings-The Brain (part 4) by Tom Blasco
Hot Tips for Senior Bowlers (part 1) by Tom Blasco
Hot Tips for Senior Bowlers (part 2) by Tom Blasco
Check Your Grip by Tom Blasco
12 Keys To Personal Bowling Success by Tom Blasco
The Competitive Athlete by Tom Blasco
Fast Feet by Tom Blasco
Our Needs, Our Wants, Our Desires - What Drives Us, Our Understanding And Our Awareness by Tom Blasco
My Mind - Friend or Foe? by Tom Blasco
Impact Education by Tom Blasco
Learning Experience or Skills by Tom Blasco
Managing Your Spare Game by George Freeman
Travelling with Bowling Balls - Redux by Robert Knight
Bowling On The Sport Condition by George Freeman
Through A Child's Eyes by George Freeman
Go Practice! by George Freeman
Taking Your Time On Spares by George Freeman
Shopping For The Holidays by George Freeman
Offer Some Help by George Freeman
Playing To Your Potential by Tom Blasco
Dealing With Luck by George Freeman
When To Use New Techniques by George Freeman
Home|Expert Bowling Tips|BowlingCommunity.com|Chat|Right Approach|Calendar|TV Schedules
Frequently Asked Questions|Bowling Glossary|Bowling Software|BowlSearch.com|Pro Shop
About BowlingFans.com | Contact Us | Advertise With Us | Site Map
Use of this website constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. | Material Connection Disclosure
Copyright © 1998 - 2020 - usrbingeek LLC | Copyright Policy
BowlingFans.com, BowlingFans, The Right Approach, Kegler's Connection, Tour411, BallBeat, BowlingCommunity.com, BowlSearch.com, and Bowling News You Can Use are trademarks of usrbingeek LLC. All other trademarks and tradenames are property of their respective owners.