http://www.scotcycle.co.uk/privacy-notice
Toggle navigation
Tour Finder
Tour Finder
Location
Scotland
- East and Central Scotland
- West Scotland
- North of Scotland
- Borders Region
- Dumfries & Galloway
- Island Holidays
- Mountain Bike Tours
Group Tours
Rest of UK
- England
-- East Anglia
- Wales
Europe
- Austria
- Belgium
- Czech Republic
- France
-- The Anjou & The Loire Valley
-- The Dordogne & Lot
- Hungary
- Ireland
- Italy
-- Tuscany
-- Umbria
-- Veneto
-- Sardinia
-- Sicily
- Slovenia
- Spain
Self Led / Group
Self Led
Group
Level
1
2
3
4
Departure
January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December
Go
Home
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
At ScotCycle we are committed to safeguarding and preserving the privacy of our clients. This Privacy Policy explains what happens to any personal data that you provide to us or that we collect from you whilst you visit our website scotcycle.co.uk. This Policy is updated from time to time so please do come back and review it regularly.
Information We CollectYou may provide us with information by phone or e-mail or via our website. The personal data that we will ask for are your name and contact details. It may be helpful to some accommodations to know the gender of the clients who will be staying with them, for example if they provide dormitory accommodation. You may choose not to specify your gender.
In running and maintaining our website we may collect and process the following data about you:
Information about your use of our website including details of your visits such as pages viewed and the resources that you access. Such information includes:
evaluating how you use our website
recording whether you have viewed specific messages we display on our website
recording your answers to surveys, and questionnaires listed on our website
recording the conversation thread during a live chat with our support team
Information provided voluntarily by you. For example when you register for information or make a purchase/booking.
Information that you provide when you communicate with us by any means.
Use of CookiesCookies provide information regarding the computer used by a visitor. We may use cookies where appropriate to gather information about your computer in order to assist us in improving our website.
We may gather information about your general internet use by using the cookie.  Where used, these cookies are downloaded to your computer and stored on the computer’s hard drive. Such information will not identify you personally. It is statistical data that does not identify any personal details whatsoever.
You can adjust the settings on your computer to decline any cookies if you wish.  This can easily be done by activating the reject cookies option.
We use Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone.
Use of Your InformationScotCycle uses the information that we collect from you to provide our services to you.  In addition to this we may contact you for the following reasons if you have consented to receive such information:
To provide information to you relating to other products that may be of interest to you.
To inform you of any changes to our website, services, goods and/or products.
To fulfill your booking, we may exchange information with third parties such as accommodations, taxi companies, travel agents. We will only pass on the information that is required to provide the service you have requested. These third parties will not use your information for any other purpose.
Storing Your Personal Data
We use a third party, Mailchimp, to send out our Client Newsletter to those who have signed up to our subscription. Mailchimp is located in the USA and in order to manage the ScotCycle service their systems will contain limited client contact information.
In operating our website it may become necessary to transfer data that we collect from you to locations outside of the European Union for processing and storing. By providing your personal data to us, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We do our utmost to ensure that all reasonable steps are taken to make sure that your data is treated stored securely. Unfortunately the sending of information via the internet is not totally secure and on occasions such information can be intercepted. We cannot guarantee the security of data that you choose to send us electronically therefore sending such information is entirely at your own risk.
We will only store your information on our systems for as long as it is necessary to fulfill your booking, to provide you with information that you have requested and comply with HMRC legislation.
Disclosing Your InformationWe will not disclose your personal information to any other party other than in accordance with this Privacy Policy and in the circumstances detailed below:
In the event that we sell any or all of our business, the buyer would then control the information in our systems.
Where we are legally required by law to disclose your personal information.
To further fraud protection and reduce the risk of fraud.
Third Party LinksOn occasion we include links to third parties on this website. Where we provide a link it does not mean that we endorse or approve that site’s policy towards visitor privacy. You should review their privacy policy before sending them any personal data.
Access to InformationIn accordance with The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (EU) 2016/679 you are entitled to ask us to view, amend or delete any information that we hold about you within our systems.
Contacting UsTo access your information or for any other matter relating to this Privacy Policy, please do not hesitate to contact us at info@scotcycle.co.uk.
Newsletter
Sign up for our newsletter
Wait...
Toggle navigation
Quick Links
Quick Links
Sitemap
Cycling in Scotland
Levels Explained
Our Cycles
Our Holidays
Our Services
Privacy Notice
Conditions of Use
About Us
Useful Links
Toggle navigation
Customer service
Customer service
Recently viewed products
Booking Conditions
Contact us
Toggle navigation
My account
My account
My account
Orders
Addresses
Follow us
Copyright © 2020 ScotCycle. All rights reserved.
Site by: Axya Web Solutions
Powered by nopCommerce