https://www.wings-sc.org/privacy/
Menu
Home
About Us
Alumni
Soccer Links
Programs
Competitive Soccer
Recreational Soccer
Fall Soccer
Futsal League
Coaching
Manager Information
Referee Information
Fields
Indoor Venues
Training Locations
Privacy Policy
Home
/
Privacy Policy
Posted by
Sergio Hunter		 | November 5, 2018
WINGS SC respects your privacy. Our privacy policy is clear: We will collect no personal information about you when you visit our web site unless you choose to provide that information to us.
Information About All WINGS SC Visitors
If you do nothing during your visit but browse through the web site, read pages, or download information, we will gather and store certain information about your visit automatically. This information does not identify you personally. We automatically collect and store only the following information about your visit:
· The Internet domain and IP address from which you access our web site;
· The date and time you access our site;
· The pages you visit; and
· If you linked to our web site from another web site, the address of that web site.
WINGS SC uses this information to help us make our site more useful to visitors to learn about the number of visitors to our site and the types of technology our visitors use. We do not track or record information about individuals and their visits. We do not enable “cookies.” (A “cookie” is a file placed on your hard drive by a web site that allows it to monitor your use of the site.)
For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, WINGS SC uses software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage.
Information About You
WINGS SC does not collect personally identifiable information about individuals who visit our site except when the information is specifically provided on a voluntary basis. Such instances where personally identifiable information may be gathered are contest or sweepstakes registration, the registration for subscription sites or services and in connection with content submissions, chat rooms, suggestions, voting/polling activities and transaction areas.
If you identify yourself by sending us an e-mail containing personal information, then the information collected will be solely used to respond to your message.
Links to Other Sites
WINGS SC web site has links to other organizations’ web sites. This does not constitute an endorsement of their policies or products. Once you link to another site, you are subject to the privacy policy of the new site.
Privacy Policy Changes
WINGS SC reserves the right to change this policy at any time. This statement and the policies outlined here are not intended to and do not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party.
Home
Privacy
Terms
Wings Soccer Club. Copyright 2018. All Rights Reserved.