http://www.westchasegc.com/privacy-policy
Golf
Weddings/Receptions
Private Events
Outings
Upcoming Events
Two Spoons
Online Store
Contact
Back
Book A Tee Time
Course Information
Lessons
Season Passes
Scorecard
Stay & Play
Troon Rewards
2021 Troon Card
Back
Upcoming Event Details
Calendar
Back
Menu
Daily Specials
Get Social
PRIVACY POLICY  WESTCHASE Golf Club PRIVACY POLICYLast Modified: DECEMBER 18, 2018 We at Westchase Golf Club, hereto referred to as WCGC, are committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy applies to both our websites (Websites), including http://www.westchasegc.com, and our associated mobile applications (Mobile Apps) owned and controlled by WCGC. This Privacy Policy governs our data collection, processing and usage practices. It also describes your choices regarding use, access, and correction of your personal information. By using the website, you consent to the data practices described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with the data practices described in this Privacy Policy, please refrain from using this website. We periodically update this Privacy Policy. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically.1. Important Information1.1. Changes to this Privacy PolicyWe may update this Privacy Policy from time to time by posting a new version online. You should check this page occasionally to review any changes. If we make any material changes, we will notify you by posting the revised Privacy Policy on our Websites. This helps you to always be aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances, if any, it is disclosed. Your continued use of the Websites, and/or continued provision of Personal Information to us will be subject to the terms of the then-current Privacy Policy.1.2. Contact UsIf you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our treatment of the information you provide us, please write to us by email at info@westchasegc.com, by mail to 11602 Westchase Golf Drive, Tampa, Florida 33626 Attn: Privacy, or by telephone (813) 854-2331.2. Information We Collect2.1. When You Visit our WebsitesYou are free to explore the Websites without providing any information about yourself. When you visit the Websites or request information about Membership, we request that you provide Personal Information about yourself, and we collect Navigational Information. 2.2. "Personal Information"This refers to any information that you voluntarily submit to us and that identifies you personally, including contact information, such as your name, e-mail address, company name, address, phone number, and other information about yourself or your business. Personal Information can also include information about any transactions, both free and paid, that you enter into on the Websites, and information about you that is available on the internet, such as from Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter and Google, or publicly available information that we acquire from service providers.2.3. "Navigational Information"This refers to information about your computer and your visits to this website such as your IP address, geographical location, browser type, referral source, length of visit and pages viewed. Please see the "Navigation Information" section below.2.4. Information About ChildrenThe Websites are not intended for or targeted at children under 13, and we do not knowingly or intentionally collect information about children under 13. If you believe that we have collected information about a child under 13, please contact us at info@westchasegc.com , so that we may delete the information.3. How We Use Information We Collect3.1. Compliance with Our Privacy PolicyWe use the information we collect only in compliance with this Privacy Policy.3.2. We Never Sell Personal InformationWe will never sell your Personal Information to any third party. 3.3. Use of Personal InformationIn addition to the uses identified elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, we may use your Personal Information to: (a) improve your browsing experience by personalizing the Websites; (b) send information to you which we think may be of interest to you by post, email, or other means; (c) send you marketing communications relating to our business or the businesses of carefully-selected third parties which we think may be of interest to you, and (d) provide other companies with statistical information about our users -- but this information will not be used to identify any individual user. We may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, we do not transfer your unique Personal Information to the third party. In addition, we may share data with trusted partners to contact you based on your request to receive such communications, help us perform statistical analysis, or provide customer support. Such third parties are prohibited from using your Personal Information except for these purposes, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.3.4. Use of Navigational InformationWe use Navigational Information to operate and improve the Websites. We may also use Navigational Information alone or in combination with Personal Information to provide you with personalized information about WCGC. 3.5. Service ProvidersWe employ other companies and people to provide services to visitors to our Websites, our customers, and may need to share your information with them to provide information, products or services to you. Examples may include removing repetitive information from lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments, supplementing the information you provide us in order to provide you with better service, and providing customer service. In all cases where we share your information with such agents, we explicitly require the agent to acknowledge and adhere to our privacy and customer data handling policies.3.6. Security of your Personal InformationWe use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. We secure the Personal Information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.3.7. Social Media FeaturesOur Websites include Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button, such as the Share This button or interactive mini-programs that run on our sites. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our sites, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Websites. This Privacy Policy does not apply to these features. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy and other policies of the companies providing them.3.8. External WebsitesOur Websites provide links to other websites. We do not control, and are not responsible for, the content or practices of these other websites. Our provision of such links does not constitute our endorsement of these other websites, their content, their owners, or their practices. This Privacy Policy does not apply to these other websites, which are subject to any privacy and other policies they may have.3.9. Corporate EventsIf we (or our assets) are acquired by another company, whether by merger, acquisition, bankruptcy or otherwise, that company would receive all information gathered by WCGC on the Websites. In this event, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our website, of any change in ownership, uses of your Personal Information, and choices you may have regarding your Personal Information.4. Navigational Information4.1. CookiesWCGC and its partners use cookies or similar technologies to analyze trends, administer the website, track users’ movements around the website, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.We use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web server. Cookies are not used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a Web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize pages on our Websites, or register for the Subscription Service, a cookie helps us to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. When you return to the same Website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the customized features.You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the WCGC Websites you visit. WCGC keeps track of the Websites and pages you visit within WCGC, in order to determine what portion of the WCGC Website is the most popular or most used. This data is used to deliver customized content and promotions within the WCGC Website to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.4.2. Log FilesWe may collect demographic information, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites using log files that are not associated with your name or other personal information. There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by us. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, internet service provider (ISP), the files viewed on our site (e.g., HTML pages, graphics, etc.), operating system, clickstream data, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used by WCGC for the operation and to provide general statistics regarding use of the WCGC Website.5. Unsubscribe Information5.1. To Unsubscribe from Our CommunicationsYou may unsubscribe from our marketing communications by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link located on the bottom of our e-mails, or by sending us email us at info@westchasegc.com