http://www.midohio.com/privacy
Privacy PolicyGREEN SAVOREE MID-OHIO, LLC
Last Modified:  October 26, 2018
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) explains the privacy practices of Green Savoree Mid-Ohio, LLC (“GSMO”) in connection with information that we collect from users of our website, online services, email, and/or social network pages (“Sites”).  In this Policy references to “we”, “us”, and “our”, are references to GSMO.
Depending on your activities when using or accessing our Sites, you may from time-to-time be required to agree to additional terms and conditions.  Without limiting the foregoing, our Sites include any promotion, contest, or sweepstakes which refers to this Policy with respect to the collection and use of your information.
This Policy applies regardless of whether you use our Sites via a computer, mobile device, or other platform or equipment.  This Policy applies only to information we collect through our Sites, including, without limitation, our website, online services, email, and social media pages.  This Policy does not apply to our collection of information from other sources including, but not limited to, information provided by you in any non-Site ticket purchase or enrollment (such as an in-person purchase from our ticket office or onsite enrollment in any of our activities, programs, and/or schools).1. Our Commitment to Your Privacy
We have established this Policy in an effort to protect your personal information and to cause our practices and procedures to comply with relevant personal information protection and privacy legislation.  Accordingly, we adhere to the privacy principles set out below.  As used in our Policy, the term “personal information” means information about an identifiable individual but does not include: (i) the name, title, or business address or telephone number of an employee of an organization; and (ii) non-personal and/or anonymous information.
2. Accountability
Accountability for our compliance with this Policy rests with our Chief Privacy Officer; however, other individuals within GSMO may have responsibility for the day to day collection and processing of personal information.
Contact information for our Chief Privacy Officer is set out below:
Michael Morrisey, Chief Privacy Officer
Green Savoree Mid-Ohio
7721 Steam Corners Rd.
Lexington, OH  44904
Email:  privacy@midohio.com
We use contractual and other means to ensure that third-parties to whom we disclose personal information for processing provide a comparable level of protection with respect to personal information in their possession or control.
3. Collection
As described in more detail in Item 4 below, we may automatically collect certain non-personally identifiable information about your visits to this Site, such as IP address, service provider, browser type, operating system, pages accessed on the Site and the date and time of access to optimize your user experience and enhance your time spent with us online.  We may also receive information telling us the site from which you originated.
We will limit the amount and type of personal information collected to that which is necessary for our identified purposes and we will only collect personal information by fair and lawful means.
When purchasing tickets or merchandise, joining as a member, registering for promotions at the Sites, or in connection with gifts, e-cards, e-vites, forward-to-a-friend messages or any other messaging service, we may ask for your or your friend’s personal information, such as:
Name
Email address
Credit card number and expiration date
Billing address
Shipping address
Date of birth
Telephone number
We use the personally identifiable information you choose to provide to us to process the transactions and services you request, to provide us and our affiliates, promotional communications to you, to enable you to participate in sweepstakes and promotions, for the purposes described in this Policy, and to otherwise facilitate your use of the Sites.
When you send us an email, we will retain the content of the email, your email address, and our response in order to handle any follow-up questions you may have.  We also use this information to measure how effectively we address your concerns.  By providing your email address you agree that we may use and share such information in accordance with this Policy.
If you do not wish to receive email from us in the future, please let us know by sending our Chief Privacy Officer an email at the address above or by clicking “Unsubscribe” at the bottom of your most recent email.  Please note that opt-out requests may take some time to be effective.  Your opt-out request will not apply to messages that you request or that are not commercial in nature.  For example, we may contact you concerning any purchases you have made with us, even if you opt out of receiving unsolicited commercial email messages.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line, you may receive periodic mailings from us, our affiliates, and/or our respective sponsors, suppliers, and/or business partners with information on new products and services or upcoming events.  If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by sending an email to our Chief Privacy Officer at the email address above.  Please provide us with your exact name and address.  We will be sure your name is removed from such lists we may share with our affiliates, sponsors, suppliers, and/or business partners.
If you provide us with your telephone number(s) on-line, you will only be contacted by telephone with information regarding orders you have place on-line.
Participation in surveys, contests, and sweepstakes is voluntary, and you are under no obligation to reply to any survey, contest, or sweepstakes offer you might receive from us.  Should you choose to do so on-line, we will treat the information you provide in accordance with this Policy.
4. Use of Cookies and Tracking Technologies and Anonymous Information
We may also collect non-personal information or anonymous information described below.  This Site or your browser may use cookies, tags, pixels and similar tracking technologies that permits us to recognize your preference information, keep track of your purchases, remember your login information and facilitate effective site administration.  We use the information we collect to enhance your visit to this site and provide you with information tailored to your needs.  Your browser may automatically transmit some of this anonymous information to us, such as the URL of the website you just visited, the browser version your computer is operating, the date and time you visited, the pages you visited on the Sites, and your IP address, and we may store and use that information.  “Cookies” are tiny alphanumeric identifiers that are stored on your computer and allow us to adjust the Sites to meet your personal browsing preferences.  You may elect to refuse cookies, but certain Site functions or access may not be available if you choose to do so.  Please refer to your browser Help instructions to learn more about cookies.
A Web beacon is an electronic image, also called a single-pixel or clear GIF, placed in the code of a webpage or in emails.  The Site may use Web beacons to track traffic patterns of users as they navigate from one page to another.  This information lets us tune and improve our users’ browsing experience.  As with cookies, the information that Web beacons collect is aggregated, anonymous “click stream” data, and is not associated with you as an individual.
We may also use Web beacons through a third-party website analytics provider, as well as standard Web server log files, to help us count visitors and evaluate the Site’s technical capacity.  This information tells us how many people visit the Site and helps us decide how to arrange pages in the most user-friendly way.  This also helps us keep the Site browser-friendly and more useful to our users.  We may record information on the Site traffic, but not on individual visitors to the Site, so no personal information about you will be kept or used.
We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
We may aggregate, evaluate, and use anonymous information (i.e., not personal information) to improve the Sites and our business, and we may provide it to third parties.  We may use cookies, IP addresses, or other anonymous information to analyze trends, administer the Sites, track customer site navigation, marketing purposes, and gather broad demographic information.
5. Use of Personal Information
Unless the purpose is set forth in this Policy or is self-evident due to the nature of the transaction in question, if required by applicable law, we will clearly identify and document the purposes for which we collect, use or disclose personal information at or before the time of collection or prior to such use or disclosure.  As part of our business operations, we collect, use, and share certain personal information strictly for the following purposes (we will not sell your personal information to third parties):
to make tickets, products and services relating to our business and/or our affiliates’ business and related events available to you;
to communicate with you information and updates regarding our and our affiliates’ race events and/or other activities;
to communicate new and existing events, initiatives and offerings from us, our affiliates, our respective sponsors, suppliers, and/or business partners that may be of interest to you;
market research by and/or for us, our affiliates, and our respective sponsors, suppliers, and/or business partners;
to enable you to participate in sweepstakes, promotions, and to otherwise facilitate your use of the Sites;
we may share anonymous, aggregated information (information that does not individually identify you as a user) about all our users with third parties for any lawful purpose, for everyday business purposes;
we may also share personal information with companies that provide support services to us (such as a printer, mailing house or web host) or that help us market our products and services. These companies may need information about you in order to perform their functions. These companies are not authorized to use the information we share with them for any other purpose.
we may disclose information you provide at the Site when we believe disclosure is appropriate to comply with the law; to enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property or safety of the Site, our users or other individuals.
If you do not want us to continue to use your personal information for the purposes listed above, please advise us by sending an unsubscribed email to privacy@midohio.com (mail to: privacy@midohio.com).  This email address is being protected from spambots.  You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
6. Obtaining Consent
Your use of the Sites signifies your consent to us collecting, using, and sharing personal information about you in accordance with this Policy.
We will not, as a condition of selling you tickets or providing you with other products, services or offerings, require you to consent to the collection, use or disclosure of personal information beyond that which is absolutely necessary.
If we plan to use personal information we have collected for a purpose not previously identified, we will identify and document the purpose before such additional use.  We will state the identified purposes in such a manner that you can reasonably understand how your personal information will be used or disclosed.
We will use reasonable efforts to seek your express consent for the collection, use or disclosure of your personal information, other than, in accordance with this Policy, at the time of collection.  In some circumstances, such as where we want to use personal information for a purpose that was not previously identified, at the time of collection, or in this Policy, we may seek your consent after your personal information has been collected but before our use for that purpose.
From time to time, we may use your personal information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our Policy.  If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to this Site to notify you of these changes.  If you are concerned about how your personal information is used, you should check our Policy periodically.  You may prevent your personal information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by contacting our Chief Privacy Officer at the address set forth above.
You may withdraw your consent with respect to a particular use or disclosure of your personal information at any time by sending written instructions to our Chief Policy Officer at the address set out above.
You may request to be removed from this Site’s email subscription list by updating your personal account.  By clicking on the “My Account” link at the top of the page you can access your personal account to make the necessary changes.  You may also unsubscribe from any email subscription by following the unsubscribe procedures set forth in each email, including those received from our affiliates.
7. Compliance with Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act
This Site is not intended for use by children under 13 years of age.  We do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under 13 years of age, except for the limited circumstances described below.  In the event a child under the age of 13 submits a question to us on the Site and identifies his or her age, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to limit our use of the child’s email address for the sole purpose of responding to the child’s question on a one-time-only basis.  However, we will not use the child’s email address to re-contact the child and we will delete it from our records once we have responded.  If we become aware that we have unknowingly collected personal information from a child under the age of 13, we will make commercially reasonable efforts to delete such information from our database.
8. Updating Personal Information
We ask that you keep your information as up to date as possible so you may get the maximum benefit from the Sites.
9. Security
To prevent unauthorized access to, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place commercially reasonable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.  We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with applicable federal privacy and data security laws and regulations to guard your personal information.  Unfortunately, no transmissions or data available through the internet or security system can be 100% secure and, accordingly, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of your information or other information you provide to us.  Our methods of protection include physical measures (for example, locked filing cabinets and restricted access to offices), organization measures (for example, limiting access on a “need to know” basis), technological measures (for example, the use of passwords and encryption) and contractual measures (for example, we may require that any third parties that store our records for us are contractually bound to adhere to our Policy).  We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using software which encrypts information you input.  We reveal only the last four digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order.  Of course, we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing.  It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer.  Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.
10. Links
The Sites may offer links to other websites, or you may have arrived at the Sites from websites that are operated by entities other than us.  These third-party websites have their own policies regarding privacy.  If you visit one of these websites, or if you arrived from one of these websites, you should review the privacy policy of the website to understand how your personal information is collected, used, secured and disclosed.  We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these third-party websites and cannot guarantee the security of any of your personal information collected, used or shared there.
11. Business Transfers and Bankruptcy
If some or all of our business assets or the Sites are sold or transferred, your personal information, aggregated information, and any other information that we have collected in connection with the Sites may be transferred as part of our business assets.  In such case, we also may retain a copy of this information.  Also, if any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding is brought by or against us, all such information may be considered one of our assets and may be sold or transferred to third parties.
12. Community Feature
Any information, including personal information, that you contribute to a public area or feature of our Sites, such as a user forum, blog, wiki or other open forum on a Site, will be made available to the general public.  Therefore, we recommend that you do not submit any sensitive personal information to these public forums.  We are not responsible for the personal information or other information you choose to submit to these forums.
13. International Users
As this Site is operated from the United States and our computer systems are currently based in the United States, personal information submitted at the Site will be processed by us in the United States where data protection and privacy regulations may not offer the same level of protection as in other parts of the world, such as the European Union.  By providing personal information at this Site, you understand and consent to the collection, maintenance, processing and transfer of such information in and to the United States.
By using this Site, you signify your assent to our Policy.  If you do not agree to our Policy, please do not use this Site.  We reserve the right, at our complete discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this Policy at any time.  If you feel this Site is not following the provisions of the Privacy Policy, please contact our Chief Privacy Officer at the email address or phone number above.
14. Changes to this Privacy Policy
The Internet is constantly changing, as is the nature of our Internet business operations, we will likely need to change this Policy from time to time.  You should check this Policy frequently to review the latest version of the Policy.  Our posting an amended version of the Policy on the Sites will serve as notice to you of that amendment.
15. Openness
We will make specific information about our policies readily available, except to the extent that it is confidential commercial information.
Copies of the current version of our Policy are available by contacting our Chief Privacy Officer at the address listed above.  Our Policy can also be viewed at our website at http://www.midohio.com/privacy.
16. Access
Upon written request addressed to our Chief Privacy Officer, we will inform an individual of the existence, use and disclosure of his or her personal information and we will give the individual access to that personal information.  You can challenge the accuracy and completeness of your personal information under our control and have it amended as appropriate.
If you feel that your personal information we hold is inaccurate or incomplete you are invited to advise our Chief Privacy Officer of such inaccuracies and ask that we amend the personal information.  Any such request must be in writing.
17. Challenging Compliance
For anything to do with this Policy, including questions or comments, or to challenge our compliance with this Policy, please contact the Chief Privacy Officer in writing at the address listed above.  If we find a written complaint to be justified, we will take all appropriate measures, including, if necessary, amending our policies and practices.
18. EU GENERAL DATA PROTECTION REGULATION (GDPR) – EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA MEMBER COUNTRY (THE EEA), SWITZERLAND AND UNITED KINGDOM (UK) USERS ONLY
Beginning May 25, 2018, the GDPR requires the providing of certain information regarding the processing of your personal information.  Solely to the extent that we are legally required to comply with the GDPR, the following applies to users located in the EEA, Switzerland and the United Kingdom.
The legal basis for our processing of your personal information is generally because: (a) you have consented to our processing of such personal information, (b) it is necessary for us to perform our contractual obligations, (c) it is necessary for us to comply with legal and/or regulatory requirements and/or (d) it is in our legitimate interests (e.g., we may use personal information for marketing, sales and customer service activities, to improve the Site and our services and to support our IT security efforts).
We retain your personal information as long as necessary to provide you with our “services” (including the Site, mobile applications (if any), our products, events, programs and other services) and for other necessary purposes including: (a) complying with legal and regulatory requirements, (b) resolving disputes and (c) enforcing our rights and agreements.  The retention period for different types of personal information may vary.  We consider the following criteria when determining applicable retention periods for personal information:
the nature of such personal information (sensitive personal information is typically kept for shorter periods;
our legal and contractual obligations to keep or delete such personal information;
the original purpose for our collection and processing of such personal information;
your ability to easily access, update and/or delete such personal information; and
whether you have consented to an extended retention period for such personal information.
Information regarding transfers of your personal information is included in the section of this Privacy Policy titled “International Users.”
The GDPR provides the following additional rights to users located in the EEA, Switzerland and the UK (each subject to the limitations set forth in the GDPR):
the right to withdraw your consent for future processing of your personal information;
the right to request, access, correct and/or erase your personal information;
the right to data portability (the right to receive a copy of your personal information in a commonly used format; and
the right to restrict the processing of your personal information.
To exercise these rights, or if you have a question or complaint regarding our handling of your personal information, please contact our Chief Privacy Officer at the email or mailing address listed above.
You may also unsubscribe from any email subscription by following the unsubscribe procedures set forth in each email, including those received from our affiliates.
TicketsPostponed June 26 - 28, 2020 POSTPONED SEPTEMBER 11 - 13, 2020 September 25 - 27, 2020 Gift CertificatesSeason PassesRookie RacersPromotionsHospitalityPostponed June 26 - 28, 2020 POSTPONED SEPTEMBER 11 - 13, 2020 September 25 - 27, 2020 PartnershipInformationCalendarCar CorralsCompetitorEvent SchedulesPostponed June 26 - 28, 2020 POSTPONED SEPTEMBER 11 - 13, 2020 September 25 - 27, 2020 ExhibitingFacility MapFan GuideResults20182018 2018 2018 Track RentalsNewsMediaContactEmployment ApplicationStoreThe Mid-Ohio School