http://www.milwaukeewave.com/terms-of-use-and-privacy-policy
Home
FanZone
Program
Game Day Fun
Kids Club
Arena & Seating Map
Dance Competition
News & Headlines
FAQ
Tickets
Season
3-Game Pack
Single Game
Promo Tickets
PCI Fanzone
Birthday Parties
Group Outings
Fan Experiences
Pro Team
Roster
Game Schedule
Printable Schedule
Promotional Schedule
Tryouts
Team Stats
League Standings
Medical Staff
Select
Academy
Rec
Shop
Camps
Summer Camp
Winter Camp
SC Wave Camp
Camp Shirt Design Contest
Partners
Community
Community Programs
Girl Scouts & TOPSoccer
Donations / Fundraisers
ROC Foundation MILWAUKEE WAVE TERMS OF USEOwnership: ROC Ventures, LLC d/b/a Milwaukee Wave retains all ownership and other rights to all content on the website.Customer Service: Should you have any questions please call the Milwaukee Wave at (414) 224-9283 or email info@milwaukeewave.com.Sales: All purchases are subject to availability. Any products may be discontinued at any time for any reason. MilwaukeeWave.com disclaims any responsibility or liability for any damage, loss or injury arising from your purchase or use of products or merchandise.Sales Tax: Certain purchases of merchandise, tickets, services and products will be subject to state sales tax. The purchaser is responsible for any applicable taxes not collected. Certain states require purchasers to file an annual tax return reporting taxable purchases. Purchaser will be required to pay said taxes in accordance with state law.Price Modification: The Milwaukee Wave reserves the right to modify the prices of any tickets, merchandise and any other products and services offered. The Milwaukee Wave is not responsible for any error in copy or images relating to any products or services.Linking: This website may contain links to other websites. The Milwaukee Wave does not endorse the content contained on any other website.Return/Refund PolicyReturns and refunds for products sold on MilwaukeeWave.com are at the sole discretion of the Milwaukee Wave. Contact our customer service representatives for more information on our return and refund policies, and/or to find out if your product(s) is applicable for return/refund. Products damaged by misuse, abuse, or regular wear and tear will not be accepted for return or refund. Upon incident of manufacturer defect, the Milwaukee Wave will award you a refund if appropriate or provide manufacturer contact information. If you receive the wrong order, or ordered the wrong product, contact us within 48 hours from receipt of the items. If product damage is at the direct fault of the Milwaukee Wave, report the damage within 48 hours from receipt of the items for a refund.The Milwaukee Wave reserves the right to refuse returns for any reason.Shipping InformationUS Domestic ShippingAll Milwaukee Wave US domestic orders are shipped with private and secured delivery. Milwaukee Wave customers typically receive their product(s) in 7-10 business days. If you do not receive your product(s) within 10 business days, please contact us immediately.The Milwaukee Wave will not be held responsible for uninsured packages which are damaged, lost, or missing in shipment.International ShippingThe Milwaukee Wave welcomes international orders. Shipments outside the U.S. may be subject to import charges, customs fees, duties, or taxes which are the responsibility of the purchaser. We cannot ship to all countries. For additional international shipping information please contact Milwaukee Wave via email at info@milwaukeewave.com.CancellationAfter placing an order, all cancellations must be approved by the Milwaukee Wave. If you need to cancel an order, please contact us immediately. Orders already shipped may not be eligible for cancellation.Privacy PolicyThank you for visiting the Milwaukee Wave website. We respect your privacy rights and won’t share your information with third parties. This privacy policy sets forth our practices regarding your personal information.Cookies and TrackingThis site collects certain information including your browser type and operating system to optimize your experience. This site also gathers information concerning the number of visitors coming to the site and how they are using it.  Information CollectionThe only personal information this website will collect is voluntarily submitted by our visitors. Shipping information and billing information is handled securely and will remain confidential. Only authorized employees have access to this information and have agreed to keep your information secure. We will only use your personal information to fulfill your requests. (IE: Shipping Information)Website Security MethodsAny credit card information, or other sensitive information, collected by MilwaukeeWave.com is first transmitted to Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our database, only accessible by authorized persons with right to access our systems. All authorized persons are required to keep information accessed via our database confidential.Currency in which transactions on MilwaukeeWave.com will be conducted is in United States currency.