https://www.oakmarshgolf.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content Skip to footer
Information we collect
Oak Marsh Golf Course lawfully collects personal information that is necessary for our business to function. The information we collect and hold will depend upon the products and services you request from us and may include:
Information you provide us when you purchase good or services. This information will include your name, address and contact details.
Information derived from communications between Oak Marsh Golf Course and you the consumer.
The use of the facilities and services available through our website will determine the amount and type of information we collect. The only personal information we collect when you use our website is what you tell us about yourself, for example, by completing an online form when you request information, or when you send us email we will record your email address.
How we use your information
We use the information that we collect for the purpose disclosed at the time of collection or otherwise as set out in this Privacy Statement. No information is shared with third party entities, it is for use only by Oak Marsh Golf Course. We will not use your personal information for any other purpose without first seeking your consent, unless authorized or required by law. Generally we will only use and disclose your personal information:
To establish and maintain your relationship as a customer of Oak Marsh Golf Course &/or to the tournament which you may be participating in.
To provide products and services you have requested from Oak Marsh Golf Course.
To administer and manage those products and services.
To answer your inquiry.
For direct marketing by email, specials on products or services you have shown interest in or needed tournament information for events that you have registered for.
If Oak Marsh Golf Course contacts you in this way with out obtaining your prior consent, we will provide you with the opportunity to decline any further marketing communications. If you at any time receive any communication from Oak Marsh Golf Course which you would not like to receive there will be a remove option on all emails sent.
Access to your personal information
In most cases, you can gain access to the personal information that Oak Marsh Golf Course holds about you, subject to some exceptions allowed by law. If you would like to check or amend your contact details, please contact us. We will deal with all requests for access to personal information as quickly as possible.
Security
Oak Marsh Golf Course will take reasonable steps to keep secure any personal information which we hold and to keep this information accurate and up to date. Personal information is stored in a secure server or secure files as set forth by PCI compliance standards.
The Internet is not always a secure method of transmitting information. Accordingly, Oak Marsh Golf Course can not accept responsibility for the security information you send to, or receive from us over the internet or for any unauthorized access or use of that information.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
It may be necessary for us to review and revise our Privacy Policy from time to time. An amended version will be posted on our website at www.oakmarshgolf.com. We suggest that you visit our website regularly to keep up to date with any changes.
Contact Us
If you would like any further information, or have any queries, problems or complaints in relation to this Privacy Policy or our information handling practices in general, please contact us at om@oakmarshgolf.com.
Customer Service Number 651-730-8886 x 3
FooterSign-Up for Email Offers
Email Us
Google Map instead
Find Us
Address:
526 Inwood Ave N
Oakdale, MN
Phone:
651-730-8886
Email:
om@oakmarshgolf.com
Follow Us
Privacy Policy | Refund Policy
Copyright © 2020 Oak Marsh Golf Course All Rights Reserved.