https://www.forcenecessary.com/privacy-policy/
We do not collect information about you for resale.  We do not sell our mailing list.  All information you give us will be kept private, unless you request in writing that we release it.  However, should legal authorities request that we turn over information about you as part of a legal investigation, we will comply with any and all appropriate authorities.
If you have questions about this policy, call us at 972-352-3959
SHOP SELF-DEFENSE SEMINARS/BOOKS/OTHER TANGIBLES
SHOP SELF-DEFENSE VIDEO and BOOK DOWNLOADS
Close Quarter Combat ShoppingDownload Video Now Hock’s Blog Highlights Listed Below – (For all blogs click on link at top)Knife Dueling? November 4, 2020Knife-to-knife dueling is a controversial subject. I have come to believe that knife dueling is way over emphasized and over-practiced in these so-called “reality” knife training courses. This is something I have long called – “the myth of the duel.” The “myth of the duel” is complex subject in the splitting and organizing of martial […]Less Than Lethal Knife Fighting October 13, 2020Less-Than-Lethal Knife Tactics At times, missions, rules of engagement, the law, and use of force standards require the capture, containment and control, not the death of an enemy. This is once called by professionals as “non-lethal” measures, but military and law enforcement specialists recognize that the term “less-than-lethal” is a smarter, and a more comprehensive […]Is the Flag a Little Fuzzy? Or is it Your Eyeglasses? September 24, 2020Is the flag a little fuzzy? Or is it your eyeglasses? Some ignorant and brainwashed people think that the US Constitution needs to disappear, needs to grow. But actually people need to grow into the Constitution. I had the displeasure the other day of watching a townhall and witnessing a young white woman ask a […]DON’T SEND THE COPS! September 4, 2020  I would like to say real quickly that I think all patrol officers would absolutely love having social workers respond to any-and-all domestic disturbances, and medical people dispatched to any-and-all medical and mental issue cases. Hell, why not any-and-all traffic stops too while we’re at it!     We were thrilled in the 1970s […]Filipino Stick to S.D.M.S. to Force Necessary: Stick! August 7, 2020Just a short history about the evolution of courses I teach concerning the stick/baton//impact weapon. I started out with the police baton “back in the day” the early 1970s, when there was almost a “no-holds-barred” with wooden stick, police use (especially in the military police.) The police baton was used to hit, block, shove and […]The “Second (or Third) Round is Yours” Sports Theory August 4, 2020I really enjoy the numerous youtube videos of people being attacked and the victim unleashes a smart boxing combination and the badman drops like rock. The smart integration of boxing, kickboxing, Thai combinations are worthy studies in self defense combatives, not the whole systems remember, mind you, just what’s smart. Just what applies. (Untrained people […]Systemic Racial DIVERSITY in Policing July 28, 2020As the policing systems in the USA and around the world seem to be under a microscope in 2020, I am not sure that complainers know that so many of the reform policies they demand have been underway for years, decades even. Outsider citizens would be ignorant of these inner workings. One long term reform […]Boxing Gloves are for Boxers July 10, 2020“In Combatives, self defense and Krav Maga we should not spend exorbitant amounts of time hitting bags and mitts with big boxing gloves. It is ‘off-mission.’ We need to take things from boxing, but not with ‘big-boxing-gloves.’ When we fight crime and war we will be bare knuckle. Our bare hands and bare wrists will […]Chokes are Choked Out of Police Work! June 24, 2020Since the 1980s I have been training police, rookies as well as “in service” officers in the “mechanics of arrest.” Not just in the USA but as far away as the UK, Europe and Australia. I’ve seen numerous things come and go, in and out, accepted and outlawed. And a big outlaw has been, the […]Subscribe to Hock's Blog via Email
Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.
Email Address
Subscribe
W. Hock Hochheim teaches hand, stick, knife and gun combatives to military, police and savvy citizens.
Force Necessary Resources:
. Frequently Asked Questions
. Hock Hochheim's Bio
. Hock Hochheim's Endorsements
. Self-Defense Seminars
. Self-Defense Talk Forum
. YOUTUBE - Force Necessary TV
. SHOP
Below: Course Downloads, DVDS, Books, Shirts and More ADD ME TO THE FORCE NECESSARY MAILING LIST
. Unarmed Combat Videos
. Impact Weapon Videos
. Knife Combat Videos
. Gun Combat Videos
. Pacific Archipelago Combat Videos