http://www.mainekayak.com/privacy-policy
207-677-3455
Request a Brochure
Privacy Policy
Maine Kayak Privacy Policy
By accessing or using our site, you are agreeing to the terms of our Online Privacy Policy as outlined below. If you do not agree to the terms below, then please do not access or use this site.
Collection of Personal Information and Privacy Preferences
When you engage in certain activities on our site, such as ordering products or services, we may ask for certain information via an online form or email. You agree that it is completely optional for you to engage in such activities. However, with these activities, you may be required to provide personal information; such as your name, mailing address, email address, and other personally identifying information.
When ordering products or services on the site, you may be asked to provide a credit card number. When you submit personal information to us, you understand and agree that Maine Kayak and its subsidiaries, affiliates and trusted vendors may transfer, store, and process your customer profile in any of the countries in which our company and any of its affiliates maintain offices, including, without limitation, the United States.
We collect information in order to enable, record and support participation in the activity or activities you select. For example, if you order and pay for a product online we can use the information you provide as part of our effort to keep you informed about product/service upgrades, special offers, and other pertinent products and services. In addition, we may provide certain information to affiliated companies or organizations that have products or services we think may interest you. Finally, all your personal information is protected from unauthorized access. We also recommend that you not divulge any passwords that may be provided to you.
If you do not want the information you provide to us to be shared with other companies, and you indicate this preference when you provide the information to us, we will honor your preference (see “Updating Your Personal Information Status” below).
Use of Cookies
When you visit our site (as well as most others) you can surf anonymously and access important information without revealing your identity. However, in order to improve our site, we use “cookies” to track your visit. A cookie is small amount of data that is transferred to your browser by a Web server and can only be read by the server that gave it to you. It functions primarily as your identification card-recording your passwords, purchases, and preferences. It cannot be executed as code or deliver viruses.
Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies without notice being given. However, you can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. For page locations that require an authorization (user name and/or password) cookies are not optional. Users choosing not to accept cookies in this case will probably be restricted from access.
While we may use cookies to track your visit. In this case our servers only automatically log the IP/Internet address of your computer. This information alone does not identify you personally and you remain anonymous unless you have otherwise provided personal information to our company.
Updating Your Personal Information Status
You have the right to access and correct your personal information and privacy preferences. This is best done by contacting our company via email, or in writing at the following address:
Maine Kayak, Inc. PO Box 674 Unity, Maine 04988 Phone: 207-677-3455 Email: info@mainekayak.com
A Look Inside the world of Maine Kayak
Our kayak guides typically carry digital cameras and GoPro’s on our kayaking tours.
This is a collection of Maine Kayak’s trips photos for you to get a taste of the real Maine kayaking experience.  Maine Kayak offers sea kayaking, lake kayaking, and whitewater Maine kayaking trips, lessons and kayak rentals in Maine.  Maine Kayak has guides who take kayaking trip photos on most daily Maine kayaking trips adventures.  We have many memorable experiences kayaking in Maine and we want to share a little with you.  Please enjoy our Maine kayaking trips photo gallery.
View Gallery
Exclusive Offer
Get 30% Off Your First Trip
Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur.
View Packages
Join Our Newsletter
Keep In Touch
Sign up today for free to stay current with Maine Kayak and be the first to get notified about special offers, upcoming kayak trips and much more.
Success!
First Name
Last Name
Email
Subscribe
Explore Midcoast Maine
Let us plan your vacation package with kayaking, camping, lodging and much more!
Request a Brochure
Maine Kayak - The Way Paddling Should Be!
Physical Address
113 Huddle RdNew Harbor, ME 04554
Get Directions
Mailing Address
P.O. Box 674Unity, Maine 04988
Contact
Toll Free: 1-866-624-6352
Phone: 207-677-3455
Email
info@mainekayak.com
Contact Us
Quick Links
Kayaking Trips
Kayak & Paddleboard Rentals
Request Brochure
FAQ's
Blog