http://www.tennisserver.com/privacy.html
Tennis Server
HOME PAGE
Do You Want To Be A Better Tennis Player? Then Sign Up For A Free Subscription to the Tennis Server INTERACTIVE
E-mail Newsletter!
Email Address
Close
You will join 13,000 other subscribers in receiving news of updates to the Tennis Server along with monthly tennis tips from tennis pro Tom Veneziano.   Best of all, it is free!
TENNIS FEATURES:
TENNIS ANYONE? - USPTA Pro John Mills' quick player tip.
TENNIS WARRIOR - Tom Veneziano's Tennis Warrior archive.
TURBO TENNIS - Ron Waite turbocharges your tennis game with tennis tips, strategic considerations, training and practice regimens, and mental mindsets and exercises.
WILD CARDS - Each month a guest column by a new writer.
BETWEEN THE LINES - Ray Bowers takes an analytical and sometimes controversial look at the ATP/WTA professional tour.
PRO TENNIS SHOWCASE - Tennis match reports and photography from around the world.
TENNIS SET - Jani Macari Pallis, Ph.D. looks at tennis science, engineering and technology.
MORTAL TENNIS - Greg Moran's tennis archive on how regular humans can play better tennis.
MENTAL EQUIPMENT - Explore the mental side of the game with Dr. John Murray.
HARDSCRABBLE SCRAMBLE - USPTA pro Mike Whittington's player tip archive.
TENNIS EQUIPMENT TIPS.
TENNIS COMMUNITY:
Tennis Book, DVD, and Video Index
Tennis Server Match Reports
Editor's Letter
Become a Tennis Server Sponsor
EXPLORE THE TENNIS NET:
Tennis News and Live Tennis Scores
Tennis Links on the Web
Tennis Server Privacy Policy
ADASTRO Incorporated ("ADASTRO"), the organization that operates The Tennis Server, collects information about visitors in two ways: passively and actively.
Passively, our Web servers store various pieces of information about user visits in standard log files. This information includes such things as aggregate information on what pages users access or visit, domain name, IP address, browser type and version, platform, referrer site, date and time of access, etc.
Our site uses cookies to assist in the tracking of site visitor behavior and to offer additional Web site features. You can set up your browser to refuse cookies if you want to, though that might limit the features we can offer you, such as pre-filled comment forms.
The passive information we collect is used for internal review and is then archived. Such information may be used to improve the content of our Web site, access Web server performance, assist in diagnosing a site access problem, and so on.
Such information may also be shared with our web analytics solution providers and advertisers and ad networks who run advertising on our web site.
Actively, we collect information such as name, email address, mailing address, company name, location and phone number. This information is voluntarily provided to us via Web-based registration and contact forms. We may also collect this information through email messages sent to us at ADASTRO.
The information we collect actively is used to send out Tennis Server news, newsletters, and information to those who have requested such information, to respond to comments submitted on our Web site. We may also use this information to individually contact individuals for business networking purposes. We may use your contact information, including your email address, to send you invitations on various event and social networking sites. We may also use third party services for the distribution of our content, such as email newsletters, and in doing so we may share your contact information with our service provider, but only for the purpose of supporting us in sending out our content.
Information collected on our web site in the course of completing a transaction may be shared with the parties to that transaction. For example, on the Tennis Server Ticket Exchange web site, information collected from ticket purchasers and potential purchasers may be accessed by both the actual ticket sellers and the Ticket Network Direct personnel who operate the Ticket Exchange.
Individuals who have subscribed to any Tennis Server newsletter or discussion forum may opt out of that distribution at any time. Each email message sent out in conjunction with these kinds of communications will typically include instructions for unsubscribing. Individuals receiving these communications may also unsubscribe by submitting a request to us using our contact form (either by mail, phone or electronic submission); however, any such requests must include sufficient information to enable ADASTRO to identify the specific communication from which the individual desires to be unsubscribed, and to identify the specific email address that is to be unsubscribed.
Unless we explicitly provide notice that we plan to do otherwise in a specific instance, the information we collect on our site, both passively and actively, is NOT shared with other organizations without your permission, other than the possible disclosure of aggregate statistics, or in the course of an acquisition, as is further discussed below. Examples of such a disclosure of aggregate statistics might include publication of the total number of mailing list subscribers (possibly broken down by first- or second-level domain), or statistics on overall Web site usage and usage patterns. ADASTRO contractors that support ADASTRO in operating its web site or in maintaining its data bases may also have access to collected data, but only for the purpose of supporting ADASTRO.
Certain communications related to our online mailing lists and discussion forums or lists are not considered to be private. Specifically, postings submitted to our discussion forums at the list posting address are understood to be intended for distribution to the discussion forum, and such distribution will include the contents of the message and the identity of the sender. These communications may also be published in our publicly accessible and searchable online web archives. Comments submitted via our online contact forms, or in reply to the editorial in our newsletters are considered "letters to the editor" and are subject to publication, unless the sender specifically requests that their comments be kept private. Such publication may include some or all of the comments submitted along with the identity of the sender.
Personally identifiable information provided to Tennis Server is also subject to disclosure pursuant to judicial or other government subpoenas, warrants or orders. We make every effort possible to preserve user privacy and anonymity; however, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law when such action is necessary to comply with judicial proceedings, court orders or legal processes served on our Web site.
Please remember that email and our Web contact form are not necessarily secure against interception. If your communication is very sensitive, you might want to send it by postal mail instead.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at any time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically. Your continued use of the Tennis Server web site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to all actively collected information that we maintain about them. Users can access this information by sending us a message using our online contact form (there is a link to the form at the bottom of this page).
Upon request, we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information. Users can have this information corrected by sending us a message using our online contact form.
Minors under thirteen years of age are not allowed to participate or register for any of the services offered by ADASTRO. No information should be submitted to, or posted at, any ADASTRO Web sites by visitors under thirteen years of age. We encourage parents and guardians to spend time online with their children and to participate and monitor the interactive activities of their children.
We have taken measures we believe to be reasonable and appropriate to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site. For site security purposes and to ensure that this Web service remains available to all users, our server employs software programs that monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage. Anyone using this system expressly consents to such monitoring and is advised that if such monitoring reveals evidence of possible abuse or criminal activity, such evidence may be provided to appropriate law enforcement officials. Unauthorized attempts to upload or change information on ADASTRO's Web servers or mailing list servers are strictly prohibited and may be punishable by law, including the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act of 1996.
Our site may contain links to other Web sites. Please note, however, that these other sites may have privacy policies that differ from those of ADASTRO. We have no control over any personal information you choose to provide those sites. We provide the addresses of these Web sites as an avenue of information for our visitors and are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these Web sites.
ADASTRO considers its lists a business asset and we reserve the right to sell them if another person, persons, or entity acquires ADASTRO, Tennis Server, or one of its lists, in whole or in part.
Any potential acquirer would have to commit to respecting this privacy policy before we would agree to transfer our lists. Additionally, individuals who are members of any lists so transferred would be notified in advance of the transfer of the lists and offered the opportunity to unsubscribe and opt out of them before we transfer the lists to the new owner.
By using this site, you agree to the ADASTRO Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our site.
If you believe that ADASTRO is not following its stated information policy, or if you would like further information or clarification regarding this policy, you may contact us using the information on our online contact form.
Web
tennisserver.com
The Tennis ServerTicket ExchangeYour Source for tickets to professional tennis & golf events.
Australian Open Tickets  BNP Paribas Open Tickets  Miami Open Tickets  US Men's Clay Court Championships Tickets  Wimbledon Tickets  Rogers Cup Tickets  Western & Southern Open Tickets  Laver Cup Boston Tickets
Popular Tennis books:
Most Recent Articles:
November 2020 Tennis Anyone: Meatballs Versus Vienna Sausage by John Mills.
Tennis Warrior: The Opposite Phenomenon by Tom Veneziano.
October 2020 Tennis Anyone: Not Too Old! by John Mills.
Tennis Warrior: What Makes Your Game Fluctuate? by Tom Veneziano.
"Tennis Server" is a registered trademark
and "Tennis Server INTERACTIVE" is a trademark of Tennis Server. All
original material and graphics on the Tennis Server are copyrighted
1994 -
by Tennis Server and its sponsors and contributors.
Please do not reproduce without permission.
The Tennis Server receives a commission on all items sold through links to Amazon.com.
Tennis ServerCliff
KurtzmanEditor-in-chief791 Price Street #144
Pismo Beach, CA 93449Phone: (281)
480-6300Online
Contact FormHow to support Tennis Server as a Sponsor/AdvertiserTennis Server Privacy Policy