http://www.kickfit-academy.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy | KickFit Martial Arts Slough
Request More Information
Go to Content
Information Collected
KickFit Martial Arts Slough
may collect information, such as your e-mail address, name and phone number.
Information about your computer hardware and software also may be automatically collected. This information can include your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used by KickFit Martial Arts Slough for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of our website.
Use Of Your Information
We collect and use your personal information to operate our website and deliver the services you have requested. We will send one welcome email following registration to all registered patrons. We also send periodical service updates to users.
We do not sell, rent, or lease our customer lists to third parties.
Contact Information
KickFit Martial Arts Slough welcomes your comments. If you would like to stop receiving messages from us, please contact us at info@kickfit-academy.com.
Request More Information
Watched my son through to black belt, learning all the skills of TKD but at the same time being coached in control, respect, hard work etc Even started myself and reached advanced purple belt before knee operations and a badly broken foot stopped me in my tracks. Master P is someone to listen to, follow and learn from....
Spent almost all of my teenage years at kick-fit. What can I say, it was an absolute pleasure! The life skills I picked up have helped me in every aspect of my life. I am truly grateful to all the wonderful instructors who have in essence helped to shape me into the person I am today! A wonderful academy with truly amazing and dedicated instructors. Thank you!
My eldest boy has been with Kickfit for over 4 years now, and is in his Black Belt cycle this year. I was looking for a club that not only taught Martial Arts and self defence, but somewhere that would work with us and my sons school to help build on his confidence, perseverance and self discipline. When my youngest son was old enough to join classes I hoped it would help him to calm down, listen and learn how to channel his energy in a focused way. From day one the support and encouragement given to us all was fantastic, the staff all have a personal yet professional way of communicating and connecting with the children and parents alike. My sons both love being able to bring in medals or awards and certificates they have won at other places or for work at school, and then being called to the front of their Kickfit class and having this achievement being recognized by them. I tell anyone who is interested to give Kickfit a go , although it can be slightly dearer than other clubs in the area, I firmly believe that the extra costs are worth it for such a rounded, professional and helpful team to support my children and myself. My boys are proud to come to Kickfit and they are by no means perfect but I believe Kickfit has helped them develop positively. My eldest is hoping to continue helping in class until he is old enough to teach his knowledge to younger ones so I think we will be coming for many years yet!
Request Information Now!