http://www.pbfilms.com/privacy.shtml
Order
Order
Order
Order
...More
info
...More
info
...More
info
...More
info
At
PBFILMS we respect your right to privacy and we understand
that, as a visitor to PBFILMS.com,
you prefer to control your own personal information and preferences.
For this reason, we may ask you to register or to provide
personal information and preferences when you visit certain
areas of PBFILMS.com, download free software, request information,
or subscribe to PBFILMS newsletters.
We will guard the personal information you share with us to
ensure the content, services, and advertising that we provide
on PBFILMS.com (and related PBFILMS sites) are always tailored
to your current, designated preferences.
When
you provide PBFILMS with your name, e-mail address, mailing
address, or telephone number, and you "opt in,"
PBFILMS and PBFILMS representatives may use the provided information
to alert you to New product , special offers, updated information,
new services, and other PBFILMS related information. ("Representatives"
include Sales personel and authorized resell partners.)
Any
information provided by you will be used for PBFILM's purposes
only, with the exception of opt-in, private-party, co-marketing
offers. Your information will not be shared with individual
or other companies, such as direct mail organizations or other
third parties, unless required by law.
PBFILMS
respects the rights users give us when opting to receive e-mail
communications and enforces internal policies to preserve
those rights. It is our objective to retain the long-term
ability to continue to communicate with our users.
If
you do not want PBFILMS or PBFILMS representatives to contact
you, you may "opt out" of this preference at any
time, whether you're online or contacting PBFILMS directly.
As part of your preference flexibility, you'll always have
the option to opt back in and have PBFILMS contact you based
on your previous or new preferences.
If
you choose not to register or provide personal information,
you can still visit most PBFILMS Web sites; however, you will
not have access to areas that require personal identification.
©
2006 PBFILMS.ALL RIGHT RESERVED. Privacy Policy
Home
| Contact | Sales
| Images | Videos
| Free Swag | Biography
| Site index | e-mail