http://www.crystalmountain.com/privacy-policy/
Chat Icon
Toggle Search
Shop Crystal
Book
Lodging
Add Group Code
Golf Tee Times
Buy
Season Passes
Downhill Lift Tickets
Snowsports Lessons
Alpine Slide
Gift Cards
Crystal Mountain Gift Cards
Crystal Spa Gift Cards
Fisher's 2020 Calendar
Take home your favorite K9 Ambassador with a 2020 Calendar! A year of Fisher is sure to make everyone smile.
Buy Now
Events
Membership
Real Estate
Toggle Navigation
Search
Go
(855) 955-5146
Your Visit
Your Visit
Lodging
Accommodations
Packages & Specials
Lodging Details
Getting Here
Directions
Transportation
Resort Maps
Trip Planning
FAQs
First Timer's Guide
Child Care
Lost and Found
Waivers
Dining
Thistle Pub & Grille
Wild Tomato
Betsie River Pizza & Subs
VIEW ALL
Shopping
Mountain Market
Mountain Sports
Kinlochen Pro Shop
Peak Boutique
VIEW ALL
About Us
Our Story
Mountain Safety
Mountain Facts
Blog
Crystal Clean
Crystal Clean is our commitment to cleanliness. Our No. 1 priority is the safety of our staff and our guests.
Learn More
Ski
Ski
Conditions & Cams
Snow Report
Webcams
Downhill Trail Maps
Tickets & Rentals
Lift Tickets & Hours
Rental Equipment
Lift Ticket Specials
Ski Groups
Season Passes
Buy Your Pass
Season Pass Perks
Lessons & Programs
Lessons
School Programs
Retired Not Tired
Crystal Community Ski Club
Race & Competition
NASTAR
Race League
Cross Country
Trail Passes
Lessons and Clinics
Season Passes
Check out our season pass options for this winter, pass perks and the Crystal Assurance Plan.
Learn More
Golf
Golf
Golf
Our Courses
Book a Tee Time
Golf Memberships
Golf Specials
Golf Events
Golf Leagues
Golf School
Golf Lessons
Meet Our Instructors
Meet Our Instructors
Our experienced team of instructors are ready to help bring your golf game to new levels!
Learn More
Spa & Wellness
Spa & Wellness
Crystal Spa
Crystal Spa
Spa Services
Request an Appointment
Spa Specials
Peak Fitness Center
Fitness Center & Indoor Pool
Fitness Class Calendar
Crystal Spa Gift Cards
Give the gift of relaxation at Crystal Spa!
Buy Now
Activities
Activities
Winter Activities
Fat Tire Biking
Horse Drawn Surrey Rides
Snowshoeing
Ice Skating
VIEW ALL
Summer Activities
Outdoor Pool
Alpine Slide
Chairlift Rides
Biking
Hiking
Canoe & Kayak
VIEW ALL
Year-Round Activities
Michigan Legacy Art Park
Sleeping Bear Dunes National Lakeshore
Outdoor Laser Tag
Archery
VIEW ALL
Winter Fun Punch Card
Play all day and save!
Learn More
Groups & Weddings
Groups & Weddings
Weddings
Ceremony & Reception Sites
Wedding Banquet Guide
Wedding Request Form
Celebrations
Reunions
Holiday Parties
Meetings & Conferences
Meetings
Function Space
Services & Amenities
Banquet & Conference Service Guide
Meeting Request Form
Groups
Spa & Wellness Groups
Golf Groups
Ski Groups
Wedding Request Form
Fill out our Wedding Request Form and our Wedding and Special Events Sales Manager will contact you to make your dream wedding a reality!
Start Planning
Events
Membership
Real Estate
39°
Photo Icon
Toggle Widget
X Icon
Plus Icon
Friday, December 11, 2020
39° H
33° L
Mostly Cloudy
Trails
0
Lifts
0
Base Depth
0" - 0"
Snowfall: 24 Hours
0"
What's Happening
2020-2021 Season Passes On Sale Now!
View Full Snow Report
privacy NOTICEeffective date: june 27, 2018COMMITMENT TO YOUR PRIVACY This Privacy Notice (Notice) is designed to inform you how we collect, use, and share your personal information when you visit www.crystalmountain.com (“Site”).Crystal Mountain ("Crystal") may update or change this Privacy Notice.   The effective date at the top of this page states when this Privacy Notice was last updated.   Changes to this Privacy Notice become effective when posted on our Site.  The updates and changes apply to the personal information collected after an update or change has been posted to the Site.  By visiting the Site you agree to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Notice and accept the terms of this Notice.   Further, you acknowledge that you have read, understand, and agree to abide by the Notice.Your privacy on the Internet is of the utmost importance to us and we want to make your online experience satisfying.Because we gather certain types of information about the Site users, we are providing this Notice so that Site users are informed and understand the terms and conditions surrounding the capture and use of that information. This Notice discloses what information we gather and how we use it.INFORMATION GATHERINGCrystal gathers various types of information about individuals who visit the Site (referred to herein as “Site users” and “individual Site users”) as described below:1. Information that Site users provide through optional, voluntary submissions to enter personal information and preferences which allow users to receive email messages and promotional information from Crystal.2. Crystal gathers information through aggregated tracking data derived mainly from tallying page views and related statistics throughout the Site. Because we may derive certain revenues from sponsorships and advertising, providing such aggregated demographic data may assist us in providing customer related benefits. Also, this information allows us to better tailor our content to Site users' needs, it helps our advertisers and sponsors be more effective, and better relates the demographics of our audience, which allows our users to receive those email messages most pertinent to their needs. Because we don't track the usage patterns of Site users, an advertiser or sponsor may potentially know that a specific user clicked their ad.  Optional Voluntary InformationWe offer the following free services, which may include some type of voluntary submission of personal information by users:1. Profiles - In order to gain access and participate in some areas of the Site or to receive Emails, Site users may opt-in by submitting certain personal information which may include their first and last name, email address and personal preferences in order to create an individual Site user profile. Email addresses may also be obtained through various means including reservations via phone or Internet, member or contest material etc. which may include email contact information expressly provided by the individual Site user.2. Surveys - Crystal may occasionally conduct user surveys to better target content to our audience. We may share the aggregated demographic information in these surveys with our sponsors, advertisers and partners.ChildrenWith respect to children’s privacy the Site is not directed to children.  We do not knowingly or intentionally collect personal information from children under the age of 13 without the prior consent of the child’s parent or guardian.  If you are under the age of 13, please do not submit personal information.   If you believe that a child under the age of 13 may have provided personal information to Crystal without the consent of their parent or guardian, please contact us at info@crystalmountain.com.Usage trackingCrystal tracks user traffic patterns. However, we do not correlate this information with data about individual Site users. We may break down overall usage statistics according to a Site user's domain name, browser type, and profile type by reading this information from the browser string (information contained in every Site user's browser).Crystal sometimes tracks and catalogs the search terms Site users enter in our search functions, but this tracking is not associated with individual Site users. We use tracking information to determine which areas of our Site, Site users like and don't like based on traffic to those areas. We do not track what individual Site users read, but rather how well each page performs overall. This helps us continue to build a better service for you.CookiesWe may place a text file called a "cookie" in the browser files of your computer. The cookie itself does not contain personal information although it enables us to relate your use of Crystal information that you have specifically and knowingly provided; but personal information a cookie can contain is information you voluntarily supply yourself. A cookie can't read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites.  Crystal uses cookies to track user traffic patterns (as described above). Our Site delivers a one-time cookie to better track ad impressions and click rates.You can refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser. If you've set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies, you may receive the warning message with each cookie. You do not need to have cookies turned on to use our Site. However, you do need cookies to participate actively in most of Crystal’s interactive features.USE OF INFORMATION Crystal uses information voluntarily given by our Site users to enhance their experience within our Site, whether to provide interactive or personalized elements on the Site or to better prepare future content based on the interests of our Site users.Crystal does not sell your personal information to third parties; however, we may share the information we collect with other members of the Crystal corporate family, employees, contractors, and agents that provide services to us or other third parties for our business purposes or as permitted by law.In certain special cases, we may disclose your personal information when we have reason to believe that disclosing the information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to you, Crystal or someone else.  We may also disclose your personal information when we believe the law requires it, or in response to any demand by law enforcement, in connection with a criminal investigation, in connection with a pending civil case, or an investigation conducted by Crystal.SECURITY Crystal operates secure data networks protected by a firewall, encryption and password protection systems. Our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary and authorized individuals have access to the information provided by our Site users and customers.We maintain suitable physical, technical and administrative guards for our Site designed to protect against loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction of the information we collect through our Site.   Despite our best efforts no security measures are perfect or impenetrable and we cannot warrant the security of any personal information you transmit to our Site.OPT-OUTWe provide Site users options to specify preferences for participation in certain interactive areas or Emails. Whenever possible, Site users may opt out, change or update profile information.Individual Site users can opt-out of future marketing and informational materials at times by (a) contacting us at info@crystalmountain.com and indicating your changed preference or (b) clicking on the unsubscribe or opt-out feature at the bottom of electronic marketing and informational materials.PERSONAL CONSENT By using this site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by Crystal. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we post those changes on this page so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.Questions regarding Crystal's Privacy Policy may be directed to our Privacy Officer at  info@crystalmountain.com.CONTROL OF YOUR INFORMATION The Site is a U.S. Site and governed by U.S. law.   If you do not wish to consent to U.S. law or the Notice, you should not share information with Crystal or use the Site.Some jurisdictions (state, federal, national, and international), such as California, Canada, and the European Economic Area (under the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”)), provide individuals with certain rights regarding their Personal Information.  To exercise rights your jurisdiction may provide, please contact our Privacy Officer at info@crystalmountain.com.  Crystal may verify your identity before exercising your individual rights.LINKED WEBSITESWe may provide links to other websites for informational purposes for your convenience or to offer additional services through separate websites and, depending on your device and setting, applications (commonly referred to as “apps”) linked to our Site (“Linked Websites).  Linked Websites are independent from our Site and are not governed by this Privacy Notice.  We do not review, have control over their content or endorse Linked Websites or the information, software, products or services available on the Linked Websites.  We also have no control over the privacy notices used by Linked Websites.  If you decide to access Linked Websites, you do so at your own risk.LIABILITY STATEMENT Crystal does not represent or endorse the accuracy or reliability of the information or content or advertisements (collectively, the "Materials") contained on, distributed through, or linked, downloaded or accessed from the services contained on the Site nor the quality of products, information or other materials displayed, purchased, or obtained by you as a result of an advertisement or other information or offer in or in connection with the Site (the "Products"). You hereby acknowledge that reliance upon Materials may be at your sole risk.  Crystal reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to make improvements to, or correct error or omissions in portions of the Service or the Materials.THE SERVICE AND THE MATERIALS ARE PROVIDED BY CRYSTAL ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND CRYSTAL EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS  WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WITH RESPECT TO THE SERVICE OR  MATERIALS AND PRODUCTS. IN NO EVENT MAY CRYSTAL BE LIABLE FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES  WHATSOEVER WITH RESPECT TO THE SERVICE, THE MATERIALS AND THE PRODUCTS.If you have questions or problems, please contact our Privacy Officer at info@crystalmountain.com or 888-968-7686, extension 5702.
BOOK YOUR ROOM
×
Close
Thanks!
Thank you for contacting us!
Our group will review and follow up within 72 hours.
Thanks for your interest!
Back Home