http://www.sotx.org/privacy-policy
Toggle navigation
Get Involved
Get Involved
Become a Volunteer
Become an Athlete
Become a Coach
SOTX Families
Adult Transition
SIG (SOTX Information Guide)
Unified Sports
Programs
Programs
Athlete Leadership Program
S.O.Connected
Young Athletes
Motor Activities Training Program
Adult Transition
Healthy Athletes
Food for Fitness
Texercise
Healthy LEAP
Unified Champion Schools
Unified Sports
Collegiate Partnerships
Calendar
Full Calendar
Competitions
Fundraising Events
Giving
Donate Now
Ways to Give
Planned Giving
CFC Campaign
SEC Campaign
CM Campaign
DMV Campaign
Torch Run
About Us
About Us
Area Offices
Frequently Asked Questions
Blog
Media Room
Management Team
Board of Directors
Employment
Annual Report
Financials
Contact Us
Español
Donate to Statewide
Donate to Statewide
Privacy Policy
Donate Now
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) covers how Special Olympics Texas, Inc. and any of its parents, subsidiaries or affiliates (collectively “SOTX”) treats personal information that SOTX receives, tracks or collects in connection with your use of www.sotx.org and/or the applications offered by SOTX. This includes software that you have downloaded or are about to download, any software that you have embedded on a website or are about to embed, any applications created by SOTX and available through or in connection with social networking sites (“SNS Apps”), any applications created by SOTX and available through mobile devices (“Mobile Apps”), any software running on SOTX’s or designated third party servers (“SOTX Software”), content, related documentation, information on the SOTX domain (“SOTX Website”), and information made available by users to each other through the SOTX Software (collectively, the “Service”).
This Policy tells you, among other things, what information we gather from you through our Service, how we may use or disclose that information, how to review or edit it, and our efforts to protect it. Please read this Policy carefully.
By accessing, using OR DOWNLOADING ANY SERVICE, you are automatically accepting and agreeing to the most-recent version of this Privacy policy, as well as the most-recent version of the Service’s terms of use, and your continuing access or use of the Service reaffirms your acceptance and agreement in each instance.
SOTX may supplement, amend, or otherwise modify this Agreement at any time without notice to you. Such supplements, amendments and other modifications will be posted on this or a similar page of the Service, and shall be deemed effective as of their stated effective date. It is your responsibility to carefully review this privacy policy each time you access or use the Service.
For ease of navigating, we have provided the following links:
Notice of Information Collected, Tracked and Disclosed
State Specific Disclosures
Abuse of Terms of Service Agreement
Collection and Use of IP Addresses
Cookies/Tracking Technologies
Disclosure Choices
Choice/Opt Out
Security
Linked Sites
Third Party Advertisements
Your Disclosure of Information within the Service
Age Restrictions; Children’s Privacy
Right to File a Complaint
Changes to Privacy Policy
Contact Information
Acceptance of Privacy Statement
Effective Date of Policy
Notice of Information Collected, Tracked and Disclosed
We may request such information from you when you:
Purchase a product or service.
Provide a donation.
Fill out a Class A Volunteer form, other volunteer forms, and/or related quizzes.
Subscribe to our emailing lists or newsletters.
Provide feedback in an online survey, our Contact Us page, correspondence or other means.
In connection with your use of the Service, we may collect or track the following information:
Information You Provide. When you contact us, we ask that you provide your name and email address. You may also provide your phone number, address, your interest in SOTX and other feedback.
Class A Volunteer. All Class A Volunteers must complete a Class A Volunteer Application and pass a criminal background check (or if a minor, submit a Minor Reference Form). Class A Volunteers must provide complete contact information, employment information, their volunteer roles, emergency contact information, answer qualifier questions, personal references, and ID verification (such as driver’s license, social security number, date of birth, gender and ethnicity information). For additional terms, see the specific Terms and Conditions relating to Class A Volunteers.
SNS Apps. We may collect information from social networking systems (“SNS”) used in connection with the Service, such as name, gender, date of birth, geo-location, interests and other information available through your SNS page. It is your responsibility to read and accept the relevant terms of use and privacy policy associated with the particular SNS service.
Interaction With Service and Access Data. We may receive information about you when you interact with the Service. We may also receive information from the mobile phone, tablet, computer or other device that you use to access the Service. This information may include, but is not limited to, your domain and/or IP address, geo-location, device, browser type, telephone number, mobile carrier, operating system, language, access times and history, the referring or exiting website address, browser history, information relating to the content you access or visit, images or other content that you post, content that you download, communications on the Service with other users, posts in public forums, and information from cookies or other technology. See Your Disclosure of Information within the Service, Collection and Use of IP Addresses and Cookies/Tracking Technologies for additional information. WE DO NOT RESPOND TO “DO NOT TRACK” SIGNALS.
Contacts and Camera Roll. With your permission, we may also access (1) your contacts so that you can invite others and (2) your camera roll or saved images.
Information From Other Sources. We may also receive information from other sources, including information from our users or other third parties.
Information Collected, Tracked or Analyzed by Third Parties. We may permit advertisers or other partners to collect information from the Service, including without limitation a user’s online activities over time and across different websites. We may also utilize third parties to analyze data collected from the Service. See Third Party Advertisements for more information.
We use the information we request, track and collect about you to:
enable you to share information and communicate with other users;
provide customized content and services, such as advertising and promotional information, including targeted ads;
operate, maintain, and provide to you the services, features and functionality of the Service;
improve the quality and design of the Service;
create new features, functionality, and services for the Service;
communicate with you;
provide customer support;
perform research and analysis on your use of the Service;
manage your account;
in relation to Class A Volunteer information, conduct a criminal background check and communicate with third parties as necessary to complete a criminal background check;
protect the security and integrity of the Service, as well as the property, rights and personal safety of SOTX, our users or others; and
enforce the Terms of Service, this Policy and any other agreements you have entered into with SOTX.
With your consent, we may send push or local notifications to your device to provide updates and relevant messages. You may be able to manage notifications from the Mobile App or through your device.
You will have the ability to review and edit your information on your personal profile page.
Except as provided in this Policy, we do not disclose or sell any non-public personal information about you to anyone except as permitted by law or when required by subpoena or other legal process; however, we may choose to disclose all of the information we collect, as described above, with SOTX’s affiliates, related programs or other trusted entities, organizations or persons for the purpose of processing personal information in connection with the Service’s objective and for marketing efforts.
Special Olympics Texas (SOTX) does not share, rent or exchange donor names and postal addresses with third parties. Under its licensing agreement with Special Olympics Inc., SOTX is required to make its donor records available to Special Olympics Inc., which may occasionally exchange their donor name and address lists with other reputable nonprofit organizations to keep their costs down. If shared, the other nonprofit organization is only permitted to use such information for a one-time mailing and cannot use it for telemarketing purposes. You can opt out of this exchange at any time by contacting Special Olympics Inc. at DonorServices@SpecialOlympics.org and providing your complete name and address.
As we develop our business, we may buy or sell some or all of our assets and, depending on the transaction, your personally identifiable information may be one of the transferred assets. Similarly, if SOTX should ever merge with or be acquired by another Special Olympics, we may share your personal information with any entity resulting from such transaction and if SOTX should ever file for bankruptcy, the bankruptcy trustee has the right to sell the information you provide to us to a third party.
State Specific Disclosures
For California residents: Under California Civil Code Section 1798.83, if you are a California resident and SOTX has an established business relationship with you, you have the right to request information from SOTX, free of charge, regarding the manner in which SOTX shares certain categories of your personal information with third parties (whether collected online or offline), for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. California law provides that you have the right to submit a request to SOTX at its designated address and receive the following information: 1)the categories of information SOTX disclosed to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year; 2) the names and addresses of third parties that received such information; and 3) if the nature of a third party’s business cannot be reasonably determined from the third party’s name, examples of the products or services marketed, subject to certain exceptions. You are entitled to receive a copy of this information in a standardized format and the information will not be specific to you individually. For purposes of this paragraph:
“SOTX” means SOTX and the Service, and
“Third Party” means:
a business that is outside the SOTX family, and
affiliates of SOTX.
You will notice that the “third parties” listed in this notice may include SOTX affiliates. These affiliates are listed as “third parties” because, under Section 1798.83, any business that is a separate legal entity must be listed as a “third party.”
This same California law permits SOTX to provide you, in response to your written request, with a cost-free means to choose not to have your information shared rather than providing the above described information.
SOTX’s designated email address for such requests is info@sotx.org. You may also request this information by writing to: 1804 Rutherford Lane, Austin, TX 78754. Additionally, you may request that SOTX not share your personal information with third parties for their direct marketing use by following the Choice/Opt Out procedures outlined below.
Abuse of Terms of Service Agreement
You authorize us to disclose any information about you with our attorneys, law enforcement, or other government officials as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate, in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, violation of obligations to us under our Terms of Service Agreement or any other agreement or policy, or other illegal or harassing activity.
Collection and Use of IP Addresses
SOTX automatically receives and records information from our servers and from your browser, including your IP address, the time, and information about the page you requested. We may use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the Service, track user’s movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information. Please see Notice of Information Collected, Tracked and Disclosed above for more information.
Cookies/Tracking Technologies
We may use cookies, log files, clear gifs, web beacons or other technology. We may use these technologies in a variety of ways, including but not limited to:
providing custom, personalized content and information
remembering information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Service
keeping count of return visits to our Service
accumulating and reporting anonymous, aggregate, statistical information on Service usage
determining which features users like best
assessing the popularity and effectiveness of the Service
determining whether and when an email was opened
determining whether and when a link within an email is clicked
improving our Service and creating new services
You can refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser. However, if you turn off cookies, then you may not be able to utilize certain features of the Service.
Disclosure Choices
You may, of course, decline to submit personally identifiable information through the Service, in which case SOTX may not be able to provide certain services to you.
Choice/Opt Out
If you wish to opt out of receiving marketing emails, you can select the “unsubscribe” link in our email correspondence.
Security
We use what we believe to be appropriate procedures to protect information against unauthorized access and disclosure. However, information you elect to post on our Service, emails and other information you send to us are not encrypted and such transmissions cannot be considered a secure means of transmitting sensitive information.
Payment processing will be performed by third party vendors that have their own security policies that relate to the data they process. For information about how third party vendors’ collect, maintain and/or use your payment information, please view that third party vendor’s Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. SOTX currently utilizes:
PayPal: User Agreement: https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/ua/
useragreement-full and Privacy Policy: https://www.paypal.com/us/
webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full;
Intuit: Legal: http://www.about.intuit.com/legal/; Privacy Policy: https://security.intuit.com/privacy/; and
Blackbaud: Terms of Use: https://www.blackbaud.com/terms-of-use.aspx and Privacy Policy: https://www.blackbaud.com/privacy-policy.aspx.
You should be aware of the limitations of security, authentication, encryption, and privacy measures used in connection with the Internet and that any information you transmit through the Service may be damaged, corrupted, “sniffed” and/or accessed by another person without your permission. Regardless of the precautions taken by you or by us, “perfect security” does not exist on the Internet. Third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications, and other users may abuse or misuse your personal information that they collect from the Service. Therefore, although we work very hard to protect your privacy, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information or private communications will always remain private. We cannot ensure or warrant the ultimate security of any information you transmit.
Linked Sites
The Service may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that SOTX is not responsible for content or the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our Service and recommend that they read the terms of service and privacy statements of each and every website they visit. This Policy applies solely to information collected by this Service.
Third Party Advertisements
SOTX may permit advertisements to be placed on the Service by various third party companies. These companies may collect personal information, set and use cookies, web beacons, pixels, or other technologies to collect your IP address and other information about you, and may otherwise aggregate and analyze that data.
Your Disclosure of Information within the Service
The Service may permit you to (i) text, chat or participate in blogs, message boards, online forums and other functionality; and (ii) create, submit, post, display, transmit, perform, publish, distribute or broadcast content and materials to SOTX and/or to or via the Service, including, without limitation, text, writings, photographs, images, video, audio, graphics, comments, suggestions, contacts, social network connections, geographic / location data, user files such as camera roll, personally identifiable information or other material (collectively “User Content”). Any material you transmit to SOTX will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary. This means ALL User Content can be accessed and viewed by the general public.
Age Restrictions; Children’s Privacy
This Service is not directed at children under the age of 13. We do not permit, and will not knowingly collect or use personally identifiable information, from anyone under 13 years of age. If SOTX obtains actual knowledge that it has obtained personal information about a child under the age of 13, that information will be permanently deleted from our records.
Right to File a Complaint
If you believe your privacy has been compromised, you may file a formal complaint by emailing us at info@sotx.org.
Changes to Privacy Policy
We may occasionally change this Privacy Policy. If we do, SOTX will post any modifications on this or a similar page of the Service, and shall be deemed effective as of their stated effective date. You agree that such modifications will be applicable to disputes arising after such posting has been made. You agree that you will continue to be bound by this Policy, however and whenever it is updated, revised, supplemented, modified, or amended, if you thereafter continue to use the Service.
Contact Information
If you need to contact SOTX, there are two easy ways to do so:
(a) E-mail: You can e-mail at info@sotx.org.
(b) U.S. Mail: Send mail to SOTX at: 1804 Rutherford Lane, Austin, TX 78754
Acceptance of Privacy Statement
Your use of our Service, including any dispute concerning privacy, is subject to this Policy and the Terms of Service Agreement. BY USING OUR SERVICE, YOU ARE ACCEPTING THE PRACTICES SET OUT IN THIS POLICY AND OUR TERMS OF SERVICE AGREEMENT.
Effective Date of Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of November 18, 2014.
Thank You to our
Official Partners and Year-Round Co-Sponsors
trvtbxuycfsqfcrurbast
Created by the Joseph P. Kennedy Jr. Foundation for the Benefit of Persons with Intellectual Disabilities
To the fullest extent permitted by law, Special Olympics Texas prohibits concealed handguns, open carry of handguns, and all weapons (other types of guns, knives, etc.) at Special Olympics Texas practices, competitions, offices, events and functions.
This website is best viewed using Chrome, Firefox, or Safari.