http://www.soccerfansnetwork.com/contactus.php?action=privacy
LINKS
Free Bet Offers
Jackpot is a UK based casino review site featuring reviews of the UK's best online casino sites as well as the latest bonuses and promotions.
The top uk bookmakers and their free bets
- Become a Partner!
Soccer Fans Network Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The Soccer Fans Network (SoccerFansNetwork.com) respects your privacy, and we would like to assure you that we are deeply committed in protecting the privacy of our visitors.
The information that you provide us with, or the information that is automatically gathered, helps us, as well as third parties to monitor our service
and provide you with better services. Please note, however, that any personal information that you submit in the forums or by email for publication may be
collected by others. If you have any comments, questions, or suggestions, feel free to
email us here.
Cookies
We use 'cookies' to track advertising information and website usage, such as browser types, platform, etc.
This information helps us provide you with better services.
For example, cookies limit the number of times you see the same ad.
Surveys
Occasionally, we may have online surveys.
These are optional and in no way mandatory.
Surveys help us collect
demographic information to help us see how we're doing.
Non-personal information may be shared with third parties.
Newsletters
We offer our visitors a free subscription to our newsletter.
All that we ask of the visitors is their email address.
Our email list will not be given
to third parties unless we have your consent.
There may be advertisements in them, however, of services we offer.
Subscribing from the newsletters
is very easy: simply type in your email address in the box provided and check "Unsubscribe."
Competitions and Promotions
From time to time, The Soccer Fans Network (SoccerFansNetwork.com) may operate competitions and promotions. Participation in these
is completely optional. Submitted information may be given to third parties.
Policy changes
Any changes to this policy may occur at any time on this same page.
Copyright © 2011, Soccer Fans Network
Copyright Notice | Privacy Policy
| Advertise on SFN | Hosting | Contact Us