http://www.algarvegolf.net/policy.htm
Loading Algarve Golf Privacy Policy
Account
Cart
Toggle navigation
Algarve Golf .net
Courses
Green Fees
Packages
Info
Algarve Golf Info
When to Play Golf in the Algarve
Reserving Tee Times in the Algarve
Algarve Golf Tee Times
Golf Hotels & Accommodation
Golf Course Transfers
Algarve Club Hire
Algarve Golf Group Deals
Best Golf Courses in the Algarve
AlgarveGolf.net Reviews
Golf Destinations
Albufeira Golf
Amendoeira Golf
Carvoeiro Golf
Castro Marim Golf
Lagos Golf
Portimao Golf
Quinta do Lago Golf
Tavira Golf
Vale do Lobo Golf
Vilamoura Golf
News
Latest Golf News
Newsletters
October 2020September 2020August 2020July 2020June 2020May 2020April 2020March 2020February 2020January 2020December 2019
Contact
Close
Close
Golf Tee Times
Golf Packages
Golf Hotels
Discount Tee TimesCourses & Green Fees
Location
All Algarve Courses
West Algarve
Central Algarve
East Algarve
Albufeira
Amendoeira
Carvoeiro / Lagoa / Silves
Castro Marim
Lagos / Sagres
Portimao / Alvor
Quinta do Lago
Tavira
Vale do Lobo
Vilamoura
All Central Portugal
Lisbon - Cascais / Estoril / Sintra
Obidos - Caldas da Rainha
Setubal - Caparica / Sesimbra / Troia
Date
Search Courses
Discount PackagesMulti Course Deals
Location
All Algarve Packages
West Algarve
Central Algarve
Vilamoura
Date
Rounds
All
2 Rounds
3 Rounds
4 Rounds
5 Rounds
6 Rounds
7 Rounds
Search Packages
Golf Hotel DealsDiscount Hotel Rooms
Location
All Algarve Hotels
Albufeira
Alvor
Lagos
Tavira
Vale do Lobo
Vilamoura
Dates
to
Search Hotels
Algarve Golf Privacy Policy
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit website?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, phone number, country of residence or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order or enter information on our site.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To quickly process your transactions.
To send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services.
How do we protect visitor information?
Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.
We use regular Malware Scanning.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
Do we use 'cookies'?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
Third Party Disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.
According to CalOPPA we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously.
Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page, or as a minimum on the first significant page after entering our website.
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word 'Privacy', and can be easily be found on the page specified above.
Users will be notified of any privacy policy changes on our Privacy Policy Page.
How does our site handle do not track signals?
We honor do not track signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur we will notify the users via email within 1 business day.
We also agree to the individual redress principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or a government agency to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
To be in accordance with CANSPAM we agree to the following:
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
Quick Links
Algarve Golf
Algarve Golf Reviews
Algarve Golf Tee Times
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Algarve Golf Destinations
Albufeira Golf
Amendoeira Golf
Carvoeiro Golf
Castro Marim Golf
Lagos Golf
Portimao Golf
Quinta do Lago Golf
Tavira Golf
Vale do Lobo Golf
Vilamoura Golf
Reservations
Credit Cards are only debited after we block the tee times at a course. In the event a tee time is no longer available, your credit card will not be debited.
Golf in Portugal
Algarve Golf uses cookies to save your shopping cart items.
Dismiss
(Privacy Policy)