http://www.thirskracecourse.net/about/privacy
Contact
Location
News
About
2021 Fixtures & Tickets
Racing Behind Closed Doors
Enclosures, Bars & Catering
Ladies' Day at Thirsk
Owners & Trainers
Car Parking & Transport
Family Days
New to Racing?
Racing TV
Racecard Message Board
Thirsk Annual Badges
Dress Code
Racecourse Map
Harrowells Solicitors Thirsk Championship 2020
Information for Trainers and Stable Staff
The Fodder & Ale Package - Paddock Enclosure Package
Hambleton Dining Room - Premier Enclosure
Cherry Tree Package - Premier Enclosure
Haddock in the Paddock - Paddock Enclosure Package
Mad Hatter's Afternoon Tea Package - Premier Enclosure
Thirsk Ladies' Day Lawn Marquee - Premier Enclosure
Thomas Lord 'Dine & View' Restaurant - Premier Enclosure
Champagne & Seafood Packages - Premier Enclosure
Celebration Package - Premier Enclosure
Thomas Lord Dine & View Restaurant
Private Hospitality Options
Private Hospitality Marquees
The Ladies' Day VIP Private Trackside Chalets
Annual Advertising
Race Sponsorship
Benefits of Sponsorship & Advertising
Weddings
Conference Rooms and Facilities
The Chestnut Room
Christmas Parties at Thirsk Racecourse
Outdoor Events
Team Building
Parties, Celebrations & Dinners
Caravan Club
Home >
About
Privacy & Cookies
1. The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (EU) 2016/679
We comply with the principles of the The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (EU) 2016/679 when dealing with all data received from visitors to the site.
2. Our Services
We only hold the data necessary to offer services provided on our website.
3. Data Protection Register
Data is only used for the purposes described in our entry on the Data Protection Register.
4. Required Period
We only hold personal data for as long as necessary. Once data is no longer needed it is deleted from our files.
5. Data Storage
For administrative reasons data may be passed to and stored securely with third party service providers located outside the EEA (European Economic Area).
6. Email Updates
We regularly email website news and information updates to those customers who have specifically subscribed to our email service. All subscription emails sent by us contain clear information on how to unsubscribe from our email service.
7. Our Promise
We never sell, rent or exchange mailing lists.
8. Data Shared With Partners
We may however share commercial and technical data with our partners where a customer has accessed and used our website via a site belonging to one of our partners. However, such information will also be subject to our partners' privacy policies.
9. Email Options
If you subscribe to our email service via a partner site, that partner may wish to send you details via email of other products and services, which may be of interest to you. However when you subscribe directly to our email service you will be asked whether or not you wish to receive such emails.
10. Partner Privacy Policies
Please note that we only share data with partners that operate their own privacy policy.
11. Spam
In accordance with the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003, we never send bulk unsolicited emails, (popularly known as Spam) to email addresses.
12. Product Updates
We may send emails to existing customers or prospective customers who have enquired or registered with us, regarding products or services directly provided by us.
13. Email Content
All emails sent by us will be clearly marked as originating from us. All such emails will also include clear instructions on how unsubscribe from our email service and any future emails. Such instructions will either include a link to a page to unsubscribe or a valid email address to which you should reply, with "unsubscribe" as the email subject heading.
14. Cookies
Our website uses "cookies" to track use and allow customers to purchase from our website. Please note that these cookies do not contain or pass any personal, confidential or financial information or any other information that could be used to identify individual visitors or customers purchasing from our website. Please note that you are free to refuse cookies. However, for purely technical reasons this may prevent you from purchasing from our website. This is because anonymous cookies are commonly used to keep track of the contents of customers' shopping baskets or trolleys during the checkout process. This facility ensures that the items added to (or removed from) your basket are accurately stated when you go to pay.
Share this page:
Facebook
Twitter
Google+
LinkedIn+
© Copyright 2020 Thirsk Racecourse. Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Sitemap
Made by Bridge