http://www.skateramps.us/returns-and-terms-of-use-en.html
406.253.5365
Cart is empty
Cart is empty
View cart
Checkout
My Account
Orders
View compare list
My tagsWish list
Track my order(s)
Track my order(s)
Sign in | Register
HomeReturns & Terms of Use
HalfpipesPartial Ramp KitsSkate Ramp Surfacing HalfpipesTraceable Ramp PlansScrews & Countersinks Bent Steel CopingCoping Install PlatesCoping
About UsContact UsFreight EstimateInstallation TipsLinksReturns & Terms of UseShipping Info
My Account
Orders
View compare list
My tagsWish list
Track my order(s)
Track my order(s)
Sign in | Register
Returns & Terms of Use
Return Policy
If you need to return an item, please let us know beforehand via email or phone. Store credit will be issued for returns.
Privacy Policy
We respect your privacy. Therefore we never share or sell your personal information with any third parties. Any information collected through this site is intended to be used for this transaction only. Your personal information is secured via SSL (Secure Socket Layer) Technology.
Terms of Use
These terms of use set forth the terms and conditions that govern your use of all aspects of Whitefish Skate Ramp Co. and other related websites owned, controlled and/or operated by Whitefish Skate Ramp Co. and its affiliated entities (the "Sites"). The terms of use and privacy policy extends to all of the Sites.
By accessing, visiting, browsing, using or attempting to interact with any part of the Sites, or other services, websites or any of our licensees' services or software (collectively "services"), you agree that you have read, understand and agree to be bound by these terms of service. If you do not agree to be legally bound by all of the following terms then please do not access and/or use Whitefish Skate Ramp Co. . We may change these at any time, with or without notice to you, to make changes to these terms of service is our sole discretion, and we'll do our utmost in informing you, though it would be prudent to review this regularly yourself as your continued usage of the Sites after changes mean you agree to be legally bound by these terms as they are updated and/or amended. You must be 13 years of age or older to use the Sites. Continued use of any part of the sites constitutes your acceptance of such changes.
Whitefish Skate Ramp Co. and its affiliates have relationships with third parties who provide services to us, and such third parties may establish, from time to time, terms of service and privacy policies that may be different from ours. We endeavor to make sure our partners treat your information in the same way we do, but cannot guarantee that. When you leave sites controlled by Whitefish Skate Ramp Co. , your activities will be subject to the policies and procedures established by the applicable partner or other third party.
User Agreement
By using the sites, you represent and warrant:
·  That the content you post or data you provide is accurate.
·  That the use of the content or data you supply does not violate the rights of any third party, including, without limitations, copyrights, trademarks, rights of privacy and publicity, it is not defamatory and will not cause injury to any person or entity.
·  That you will indemnify us and/or our affiliates for all claims resulting from content or data you supply.
We have the right to monitor and edit or remove any content, but we take no responsibility and assume no liability for any content posted by you or any third party.
No Unlawful or Prohibited Use
As a condition of your use of the Sites and services, you will not use the Sites and services for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these terms, conditions, and notices. You may not use the Sites and services in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair any Sites or services (or the network(s) connected to any Sites or services) or interfere with any other party's use and enjoyment of any Sites and services. You may not attempt to gain unauthorized access to any Site or service, other accounts, computer systems or networks connected to any Site or services, through hacking, password mining or any other means. You may not obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available through the Sites and services.
Whitefish Skate Ramp Co. reserves the right to terminate your account for any reason, including without limitation, if you infringe upon the copyright, trademark, patent or other intellectual property rights of others. We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone, for any reason. We reserve the right to cancel orders and issue refunds.
Use of Material Supplied by You
You agree that upon posting information or advertisements on the Sites and services, you grant Whitefish Skate Ramp Co. , and its affiliates, successors and assigns, a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty free, perpetual, irrevocable, sublicenseable (through multiple tiers) license of all of your copyrights, publicity rights, and other intellectual property and other rights, if any, in such material and over the material or User Data displayed in your postings, to use, distribute, display, transmit, reproduce, and create derivative works from such material in any and all media existing now or in the future, in any manner, in whole or part, without any duty to account to you. For the purpose of this agreement, "User Data" shall mean all information (if any) submitted by you, to Whitefish Skate Ramp Co. with the exception of credit card numbers, etc. The User Data shall be deemed to be the property of the Whitefish Skate Ramp Co. . You also grant Whitefish Skate Ramp Co. the right to authorize the downloading and printing of such material, or any portion thereof, by end users for their personal use.
If you have any questions regarding this policy please contact us.
Enter your email address to receive special offers and promotions.
Email
SkateRampParts.com
About Us
Contact Us
Gift Certificates
Promotions
Events
Sitemap
News
Customer Service
About your order
Wishlist
Compare list
Subscriptions
Also Visit:
© 2004-2020 Whitefish Skate Ramp Company.  Powered by CS-Cart - Shopping Cart Software
About Us
Contact Us
Loading...