http://www.leicestershireccc.co.uk/privacy.html
Privacy
Leicestershire County Cricket Club Policy
The club and the operator of the official Leicestershire CCC website are committed to maintaining privacy of all its fans.
This Privacy Statement outlines our commitment to data protection and the use of the information which you supply to us in providing you with the services and information which you require.
Leicestershire CCC reserves the right to changes the terms of this Privacy Policy from time to time. Any such changes would take effect once the Privacy Policy is posted on the home page.
1. Registration
Personal information (such as name, postal and email address) which is provided as part of any website registration is collected by Leicestershire CCC. You may also be asked for personal information at other times on this website in connection with such activities as competitions, voting and forums.
2. Information
The data supplied will be used to create a profile for you and this will help us to provide a more personalised service specifically tailored to suit your needs.
This information will be used for the following purposes:
To communicate club updates such as latest news, fixtures and non-matchday event information
To update and develop records and for assessment and analysis including market and service/product analysis
To assist in the provision of services/products to you
To facilitate reviews, developments and improvements to the services/products offered to you
Your data will not be shared with third parties.
If you have indicated that you wish to hear about other offers, products and services provided by Leicestershire CCC from time to time, we will inform you of these by email, telephone or mail.
By 'indicated' that you wish to hear about other offers, products and services, it is taken that you do not object to such communication and you grant the Club permission to contact you in accordance with the regulations laid out in the 2003 Electronic Communications Directive and the 1998 Data Protection Act.
If you do have any objections, please contact us via the details provided below.
By law, you are entitled to:
Object to your personal information being used for marketing purposes. We give you the choice to opt out of our using, or supplying your personal information to the club or to other reputable suppliers for these purposes. You can do this during the registration process by simply unticking the box provided.
Receive, upon payment of a fee, a copy of any personal information about you which is held by us.
Require the rectification, erasure or blocking of any of your personal information which is inaccurate or not up to date held by us.
If you wish to exercise any of these rights, or if you wish to opt out of any future processing of your personal information held by us, then please write to the contact address set out below stating your full name and address and providing any other relevant information.
3. Protection
Leicestershire CCC is firmly committed to data security. When you place orders or access your account information, we offer the use of a secure server. The secure server software encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us. We take steps to guard against unauthorised access to customer data. Although the Club makes every effort to create a secure environment for your personal information, we cannot guarantee the safety of any personal information which you transmit to us online.
4. Exemptions
The Privacy Statement only applies to the collection of data by Leicestershire CCC and the use of that data by the club. It does not cover third party sites to which we provide links, nor does it cover advertisers.
5. Cookies
In common with many other website operators, we may use standard technology called 'cookies' on Leicestershire CCC Websites. Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive and they are used to record how you navigate Leicestershire CCC Websites on each visit.
Our cookies are used to enable us to develop Leicestershire CCC Websites and to enable you to properly navigate it. We use cookies to collect personal information to enable us to reflect our users interests and by noting who has seen which pages, properties and advertisements (including ‘clickthroughs’ from emails), how frequently particular pages are visited and to enable us to determine the most popular areas of Leicestershire CCC Websites. We may use cookies to enrich your experience of using Leicestershire CCC Websites by allowing us to tailor what you see to what we have learned about your preferences during your visits to our sites. Sometimes we may use services of third parties and they may use cookies on our behalf in order to provide their services.
The cookies we use on our main website (www.leicestershireccc.co.uk) are shown below:
Preventing use of cookies
Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser to prevent cookies being stored. With experience, you can usually choose to switch off all cookies or to allow only certain ‘trusted’ sites to place cookies.
For further information on cookies and Flash cookies and how to switch them off see the Information Commissioner’s website at www.ico.gov.uk or visit www.allaboutcookies.org or www.aboutcookies.org
PLEASE NOTE, IF YOU DO TURN COOKIES OFF, THIS WILL LIMIT THE SERVICE THAT WE ARE ABLE TO PROVIDE TO YOU AND MAY AFFECT YOUR USER EXPERIENCE.
Tracking technology
Occasionally, we may use digital tracking (usually in a cookie) on Leicestershire CCC Websites or in emails we send to you. We use these to ensure you receive appropriate information and do not receive multiple communications about the same thing (such as ticketing offers) from different cricket related organisations.
Preventing use of tracking technologies
If you stop cookies, this will normally stop any tracking from the website. Where we plan to use tracking technology, we will ask for your consent.
PLEASE NOTE, IF YOU DO NOT ALLOW US TO USE TRACKING TECHNOLOGY, YOU MAY RECEIVE COMMUNICATIONS THAT ARE OF LESS INTEREST TO YOU OR FROM ALL OF THOSE INVOLVED IN PUTTING ON AN EVENT.
6. Contact
If you have any questions or concerns about our use of personal information, please write to:
Sandra Clark
Stadium Manager
Leicestershire County Cricket Club
Fischer County Ground
Grace Road
Leicester
LE2 8EB
All materials on this website are the copyright of Leicestershire CCC.
Photographs courtesy of Neville Chadwick Photography, Leicester Mercury, Getty Images, John Mallett and Ed Melia.
This policy was last updated in May 2018.
Tweets by @leicsccc
Our partners
Official Front Of Shirt Partner