https://www.imsa.com/privacypolicy/
Skip to content
BUY TICKETS
Privacy Policy We are always conscious and respectful of your personal privacy.
This Privacy Policy governs the use of the International Motor Sports Association, LLC (“Company”) website located at IMSA.com (including its sub-domains) and associated applications (such as mobile and other device applications) and other associated offerings that are owned, offered or operated by or on behalf of Company (or its parent or affiliated entities) (“Site”). The Privacy Policy’s purpose is to make you aware of our privacy policy and practices and the way information is collected and used with respect to the Site. To make this notice easy to find, a link to this Privacy Policy is on the homepage of the Site.
This Privacy Policy will answer your questions about the kind of information we collect and how we use it. If we change or update our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes here. By using the Site, you acknowledge you have read this Privacy Policy and agree to the terms hereof.
What information do you gather and how do you use it?
Company automatically collects certain non-personally identifiable information about your visits to the Site, such as IP address, service provider, browser type, operating system, pages accessed on the Site and the date and time of access to optimize your user experience and enhance your time spent with us online. Company also receives information telling us the site from which you originated.
When you send Company an e-mail, Company will retain the content of the e-mail, your e-mail address, and our response in order to handle any follow-up questions you may have.
When purchasing tickets or merchandise, joining as a member, registering for promotions at the Site, or in connection with gifts, ecards, e-vites, forward-to-a-friend messages or any other messaging service, Company may ask for your
Name
E-Mail Address
DOB
Phone Number
We use the personally identifiable information you choose to provide to Company to process the transactions and services you request, to provide Company and Company affiliates promotional communications to you, to enable you to participate in sweepstakes and promotions, and to otherwise facilitate your use of the Site.
Company may ask you to voluntarily provide us with information regarding your personal or professional interests, demographics, experiences with us, and contact preferences. This information may be combined with information about you, which Company gathered from other offline sources. Company and its affiliates use the information to design offers customized to your interests.
Who do you share my personal information with?
Company’ general policy is that Company does not sell or share your name or other personally identifiable information to or with any non-affiliate third parties for marketing purposes unless you affirmatively agree to such sharing. However, Company may share your name and personally identifiable information with its affiliate companies for such affiliates to send you promotional communications such as emails, phone calls and newsletters. Company may share anonymous, aggregated information (information that does not individually identify a user) about all our users with third parties for any lawful purpose.
Service providers
Company may also share information with companies that provide support services to us (such as a printer, mailing house or web host) or that help us market our products and services. These companies may need information about you in order to perform their functions. These companies are not authorized to use the information we share with them for any other purpose.
Protection of the Site and others
Company may disclose information you provide at the Site when we believe disclosure is appropriate to comply with the law; to enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property or safety of the Site, our users or other individuals.
How does this Site use cookies and similar tracking technologies?
This Site uses cookies, tags, pixels and similar tracking technologies to allow Company to recognize your preference information, remember your Member Login and facilitate effective site administration.
We also use the services of reputable third parties to provide us with data collection, reporting, ad response measurement, and site analytics, as well as to assist with delivery of relevant marketing messages and advertisements.  These third parties may view, edit or set their own cookies.  We, our third party service providers, advertisers and/or partners may also place web beacons for these third parties.  The use of these technologies by these third parties is subject to their own privacy policies and is not covered by this privacy policy.  One such third party we use is Google Analytics.  You may opt out of this feature using the Ads Preferences Manager:  https://www.google.com/settings/ads?hl=en&sig=ACi0TCgNEacab29ojFBLVmydWy….
At this time the Site does not recognize automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms, which may include “do not track” instructions.  However, you may elect to refuse cookies by changing your privacy preferences regarding the use of cookies and similar technologies through your browser.  You may set your browser to accept all cookies, block certain cookies, require your consent before a cookie is placed in your browser, or block all cookies.  Blocking all cookies will affect your online experience, since certain Site functions or access may not be available if you choose to do so. Please refer to your browser “Help” instructions to learn more about cookies.
How does this Site comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act?
The Website is not intended for use by children under 13 years of age. Company does not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under 13 years of age, except for the limited circumstances described below. In the event a child under the age of 13 submits a question to us on the Site and identifies his or her age, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to limit our use of the child’s email address for the sole purpose of responding to the child’s question on a one-time-only basis. However, we will not use the child’s email address to re-contact the child and we will delete it from our records once we have responded. If we become aware that we have unknowingly collected personal information from a child under the age of 13, we will make commercially reasonable efforts to delete such information from our database.
What choices do I have regarding promotional communications?
Company only sends promotional e-mail messages to you if you have voluntarily provided Company with your e-mail address. Further, by providing your email address you agree that Company may share such information with Company affiliates and that such Company affiliates may directly send you promotional materials. You may request to be removed from the mailing list by clicking on “CONTACT” in the footer of the Site and sending an email to Company requesting to be removed. You may unsubscribe from any e-mail subscription by following the unsubscribe procedures set forth in each e-mail, including those received from Company affiliates.
How do I update personal information such as my address?
Company asks that you keep your information as up-to-date as possible so you may get the maximum benefit from this Site. By clicking on “CONTACT” at the footer of the Site you can send an email to company with your updated information.
What about security at the Site?
We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with applicable federal privacy and data security laws and regulations to guard your personal information. Unfortunately, no transmissions or data available through the Internet can be 100% secure and, accordingly, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any personal information or other information you provide to us. Company works to protect the security of your information during transmission. It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.
What about links to and from other websites?
This Site may offer links to other websites, or you may have arrived at this Site from websites that are operated by entities other than Company. These third party websites have their own policies regarding privacy. If you visit one of these websites, or if you arrived from one of these websites, you should review the privacy policy of the website to understand how your personal information is collected, used, secured and disclosed. Company is not responsible for the privacy practices of these third party websites and cannot guarantee the security of any of your personal information collected, used or shared there.
Business transfers and bankruptcy
If some or all of the business assets of Company or the Site are sold or transferred, your personal information, aggregated information, and any other information that we have collected in connection with the Site may be transferred as part of our business assets. In such case, we also may retain a copy of this information. Also, if any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding is brought by or against us, all such information may be considered one of our assets and may be sold or transferred to third parties.
Community Feature
Any information, including Personal Information, that you contribute to a public area or feature of the Site, such as a user forum, blog, wiki or other open forum on the Site, will be made available to the general public. Therefore, we recommend that you do not submit any sensitive Personal Information to these public forums. Company is not responsible for the Personal Information or other information you choose to submit to these forums.
International Users
As this Site is operated from the United States and our computer systems are currently based in the United States, personal information submitted at the Site will be processed by Company in the United States where data protection and privacy regulations may differ from other parts of the world, such as the European Union. By providing personal information at this Site, you understand and consent to the collection, maintenance, processing and transfer of such information in and to the United States.
By using this Site, you signify your assent to the Company Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the Company Privacy Policy, please do not use this Site. We reserve the right, at our complete discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this policy at any time.
View previous privacy policies by CLICKING HERE.
Contact Information International Motor Sports Association, LLC
Postal Address: One Daytona Blvd. Daytona Beach, FL 32114
Attention: Webmaster
Email Address:  info@imsa.com
Your European Privacy Rights.  Please note that if you are in the European Union or the European Economic Area, you also have the right to:
obtain confirmation of the existence of your information in our database
verify the origin and accuracy of your information
request that we correct, update, amend, delete, or transform your information into anonymous form
provide you information about how we use your information
oppose the processing of your information on legitimate grounds
lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority
Please know that in order for us to respond to your request we may require that you verify your identity. We are based in the United States and our products are offered in English.  Requests submitted in another language will require translation.
Rights for Our California Residents
This sections explains how we collect and share personal information about California residents (“California Customers”) and their privacy rights.
Notice of Information Collection for California Consumers
What Information Do We Collect About You?
Where Do We Collect this Information From?
Why Do We Collect this Information?
Who Do We Share this Information With?
Contact Information (e.g., name, email, postal address, zip code, telephone number, etc.)
From you when you register on our sites, subscribe to one of our newsletters, memberships, sign up for a service, promotion, purchase our products, or otherwise submit this information to us.
To contact you.
To provide products or services to you, or handle your other requests.
To market our products and services to you.
To create and manage your account when you sign up, and to service your account.
To prevent fraud and protect our customers and business, including verifying your identity, and securing our track facilities.
Service Providers (companies that use your personal information to provide services to us, including advertising, administering contests, website support, analytics, payment processing, and customer service).
Other companies in the IMSA family, including our affiliates.
Account/Registration Information (e.g., name, username, password, account preferences, income level, etc.)
From you when you create an account or register with us.
To create and manage your account when you sign up, and to service your account.
Service Providers (companies that use your personal information to provide services to us, including advertising, administering contests, website support, analytics, payment processing, and customer service).
Other companies in the IMSA family, including our affiliates.
Interests, Demographics and other Behavioral Data (e.g., interests (such as the athletes and brands you like) ,purchase behaviors, age, race, gender)
From you when you share that information with us on surveys, registration forms or other forms.
To help us identify you and understand your interests and preferences so that we can customize your experience with us.
Service Providers (companies that use your personal information to provide services to us, including advertising, administering contests, website support, analytics, payment processing, and customer service).
Other companies in the IMSA family, including our affiliates.
Online/Device Identifiers (e.g., IP addresses, device IDs, operating systems, mobile network providers, settings, and other information we use to recognize your device)
From tracking technologies (such as pixels or cookies placed on web pages or emails), which collect information about you when you visit us.
To improve our products and services.
To help us measure the effectiveness of our platforms and the ads they display, including the locations visitors frequent on our sites, whether you click on ads or buy the products/services advertised.
To customize your experience with so that you receive content that is relevant to you.
Service Providers (companies that use your personal information to provide services to us, including advertising, administering contests, website support, analytics, payment processing, and customer service).
Other companies in the IMSA family, including our affiliates.
Online Activity Information (e.g., browsing history, search history, and other information about your interactions with our platforms)
From tracking technologies (such as pixels or cookies placed on web pages or emails), which collect information about you when you visit our online platforms.
To improve our products and services.
To help us measure the effectiveness of our platforms and the ads they display, including the locations visitors frequent on our sites, whether you click on ads or buy the products/services advertised.
To customize your experience on our platforms so that you receive relevant content.
Service Providers (companies that use your personal information to provide services to us, including advertising, administering contests, website support, analytics, payment processing, and customer service).
Other companies in the IMSA family, including our affiliates.
Payment Information (e.g., billing address, shipping address, credit card or bank account number, card verification value, etc.)
From you when your place an order for our products or services or make a reservation.
To process your orders, reservations, and any refund requests.
To verify your identity, when you contact us about your purchases or reservations.
Service Providers (companies allowed to only use your personal information to process your purchases and reservations on our behalf).
Location Information (e.g., information about your location or device such as city, state or zip code)
From you when using our services, such our interactive game sites.
Service Providers companies allowed to only use your personal information to provide services to us, including hosting our sites and mobile apps, securing our track facilities, analytics, and advertising).
To customize your experience so that you receive relevant information about our services and products (e.g., upcoming events in your area, perks available near you, access to location-based social networks and communities, etc.)
To protect our customers and business, including our platforms and security at our track facilities.
Service Providers (companies allowed to only use your personal information to provide services to us, including advertising, website support, and analytics).
Data Partners (these are companies that we share personal information with to help us identify potential customers, and to understand who you are and what you may be interested in).
Other IMSA affiliates.
II.        Your California Privacy Rights
What Rights Do You Have?
Right to Know – You have the right to ask us to tell you what personal information of yours we collect, use, share or sell.
Right to Access – You have the right to request access to the personal information of yours we collect or maintain.
Right to Request Deletion – You have the right to ask us to delete the personal information we collect or maintain about you.
No Discrimination – You have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising the rights above.
You also have Shine the Light Rights – You have the right to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, a list of the third parties to whom we have disclosed certain types of personal information (if any) for their direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year. At our option, we may respond to such requests by providing instructions about how our users can exercise their options to prevent our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
III.      How Do You Submit These Requests to Us?
California residents can exercise these rights:
Shine the Light Rights
Requests to Access/Know
Request to Delete
By contacting us by:
Postal Address: One Daytona Blvd. Daytona Beach, FL 32114
Attention: IMSA Webmaster
Email:  info@imsa.com
Phone:  386.310.6500
We will need to verify that you are who you say you are before we delete or share personal information with you.  After you submit your request to our individual rights management tool, you will be sent a confirmation email and need to click on the link provided. If you make a request via email, we may need to request more information from you in order to verify your request.
Effective Date: December 31, 2019
© 2020 International Motor Sports Association, LLC
OUR OFFICIAL PARTNERS