https://www.alpineaction.co.uk/booking-conditions.htm
Booking Terms & ConditionsSpecial Notes On Our ChaletsWhere you will find our Privacy PolicyCOVID-19 Information Season 2020-2021
Alpine Action Booking Terms and Conditions
YOUR PACKAGE HOLIDAY BOOKING IS WITH ALPINE ACTION LIMITEDDownload a PDF here of our Terms and conditions.Our detailsAlpine Action Limited, BlueSky Business Centre, Shoreham Airport, BN43 5FF, tel: 01273 977677, email: sales@alpineaction.co.uk1a. Covid-19 Addtional Terms The following Terms are supplementary to and do not replace (unless where stated) the Alpine Action Booking Conditions. Where you make a booking with us, these Terms and the main Booking Conditions form the basis of your contract with Alpine Action Ltd.These Terms represent your sole rights in relation to cancellations due to the Coronavirus disease pandemic (COVID-19). Where you exercise a right under these Terms, you are not entitled to any compensation. Where there is a conflict between the Terms contained within and our Booking Conditions, these Terms will prevail and the following clauses within our Booking Conditions.1aa.InsuranceAdequate travel insurance is a condition of your contract with us. Your insurance policy must include provisions relating to COVID-19, covering you for the following situations:Where you have been diagnosed with COVID-19 before departure and are no longer able to travel;Where you have been in contact with someone that has been diagnosed with COVID-19 and you need to self-isolate, preventing you from travelling;Where you have been contacted by NHS Test and Trace and you are required to self-isolate, preventing you from travelling;You are required to quarantine after returning from another destination, preventing you from travelling with us;You have been diagnosed with Covid-19 during your holiday or have otherwise been in contact with someone who has been diagnosed and you are now required to self-isolate. Your insurance policy should cover you for repatriation where necessary, emergency medical expenses abroad and additional costs of accommodation and/or transport if you need to self-isolate whilst abroad.2aa. COVID-19 Refund PolicyQualifying BookingThis policy will apply to all bookings made for the 20-21 winter season, we will receive these booking terms and conditions with your holiday confirmation and your booking is subject to these Terms, and your confirmation invoice will contain these Terms. For all bookings already made with us, we will notify you of the new booking terms and conditions with up updates holiday confirmation and these will be sent to the group leader via email.This Refund Policy will only apply pre-departure. You are not entitled to the benefits of this Refund Policy where you curtail your holiday after departure.3aa. PaymentsYou are required to pay the full balance 10 weeks before departure.Should you wish to cancel your booking for any COVID-19 related reason (the details of which are provided below) before you have paid the remainder of the balance, the full deposit you have paid shall become a voucher to use for a future booking with us.Should you wish to cancel your booking or are otherwise prevented from travelling due any COVID-19 related reason after you have paid the full balance, we will refund you the balance in full but the deposit will remain a voucher to use for a future booking with us.If payment in full has not been received by us by the due date, we reserve the right to treat your booking as cancelled by you and we will retain the deposit paid and in this case, the deposit will not become a voucher to use for a future booking.A COVID-19 related reason will be determined by us at our absolute discretion, but can include any of the following, if these scenarios affect the travel arrangements you have booked with us prior to departure:•    If the FCO (Foreign & Commonwealth Office or country specific equivalent) advise against travel (including non-essential travel) to France;•    If you are required to quarantine upon arrival in France due to the laws and regulations of the French Government;•    If you are required to quarantine upon return to the country you are travelling from;•    If the chalet you have booked with us has been forced to close due the laws and regulations of the French Government in that country, as well as any other local or public authority;•    If France has closed its borders or is otherwise denying entry to visitors.How to cancel: You may only cancel due to a COVID-19 related reason within 7 days prior to your arrival date and you must notify us of your cancellation and the reason via email: sales@alpineaction.co.uk. Any cancellation will only be effective when we receive it in writing via email.Please note: Should one or member of a party cancel as a COVID-19 related reason has prevented them travelling but the other members are not prevented from travelling, it may increase the per person price for the accommodation of those still travelling and you will be liable to this increase.4aa. Deposit Voucher TermsAll vouchers issued are for all future ski holidays and will not be date or chalet specific. The following terms will apply to your deposit voucher:It is valid until the end of the following winter season (April 2022).It cannot be resold, transferred for value or exchanged or cash.The person who is named on the voucher must redeem it, this will be the group leaders name first named person on the booking.Where the voucher is used to make a new booking that is then subsequently cancelled for whatever reason, any refund due to you will firstly be refunded back via credit onto the voucher up to the value of the initial voucher.We will not be responsible for any voucher that is lost, stolen, destroyed or used without your permission.Your holiday bookingThe booking will exist as soon as the Booking Confirmation Invoice is sent to you via email. This booking is made on the terms of these booking conditions.  When you make a booking you guarantee that you have the authority to accept and do accept on behalf of your party the terms of these booking conditions. The Booking Confirmation invoice will be not be sent or valid until all (non-refundable) deposits have been paid.  You should note that the booking will not exist until the Booking Confirmation Invoice is issued and in particular no booking will exist following a telephone call alone.The holiday booking is for the provision of the facilities and services itemised on the Booking Confirmation Invoice.It is your responsibility to check that the details set out on the Booking Confirmation Invoice are correct and to notify Alpine Action as soon as is possible in the event that any details are incorrect. All discounts may not apply when a full price holiday is sold at a discounted price. Discounted holidays are made for varying commercial reasons and are at the absolute discretion of Alpine Action. Discounts are not retrospective and cannot apply to holidays already booked. We reserve the right to sell holidays at a discount and you may therefore share accommodation with guests who have paid a lower price. You will not be entitled to any refund or difference in cost in any circumstances in the event that a holiday you purchase is subsequently discounted within the same season or at short notice. Late bookers paying discounted prices are likely to occupy the least attractive rooms and have little choice of flights.2a. Some of our chalets are for sole use booking only, this is due to there size or the layout of the rooms. We have many alternatives that are available for shared use booking. We do not allow one group to book a chalet and leave just one room, we do insist that the group takes the whole chalet. We are unable to sell a room to two people when you have a dominant group occupying. Pre-bookable Ski PassesWe are able to provide the lowest possible price on your lift pass if purchased through Alpine Action. You can reserve them via our system when you book your holiday, they will be delivered to you during the coach transfer or at your chalet. You pay for the ski pass on arrival in resort, € cash, credit or debit card are all accepted. Once you make a reservation for your ski passes in your booking we will send you an email confirmation. As soon as your confirmation is received, you should check the details carefully.  You can make changes to the ski pass reservation up to 3 days before your departure.Accommodation only bookingsOn some weeks we will be able to offer you a price for accommodation only, this is where an independent travel discount will be applied to the per person price. We may not always be able to offer an independent travel discount due to our package holiday that includes flights Please enquire at the time of booking.InsuranceThe Department of Trade and Industry (DTI) stipulate to U.K. Tour Operators that they are obliged to inform clients that when paying a non-refundable deposit for a package holiday they will need to have adequate holiday insurance. It is a condition of your holiday contract that you have adequate insurance cover, and it is your responsibility to ensure that you and all the persons named on the booking have adequate and specialist insurance to cover all the holiday. Such insurance should at the least provide the following protection: (a) Loss of your deposit and subsequent payments against unexpected cancellation charges before taking your trip. (Alpine Action's cancellation details are in paragraph 42. (b) Provide any medical expenses arising abroad, loss of luggage etc. and for personal liability claims. We acknowledge the need to acquire the appropriate insurance at time of booking and when the deposit payment is made. No liability will be accepted by Alpine Action for any clients travelling without adequate insurance. Paying for Your HolidayWhen you make your booking you must pay a deposit of £250 per person which is non-refundable.  The balance of the price of your holiday must be paid at least 10 weeks before your departure date. If the deposit and/or balance is not paid within the time specified, we reserve the right to cancel your holiday. If the balance is not paid within the time specified we shall retain your deposit.TaxesAn airport tax of £37.50 per person will be added to an invoice of those flying.An obligatory resort tax of £19 per adult only will be added to your invoice.A £2.50 ATOL Protection charge per person will be added to of those flying.Special dietary requirements £39 pp per weekManchester +£35 ppInfant £200  0-2 years, infant must be under 2 years on date of return travelChild discount 15% if under 12 years on date of return travelSingle room & empty bed supplement = the full price (excluding taxes) less £350Flight carriage of skis and boardsGatwick -  £84 per bag return.Manchester - Jet2 £80 per bag return.If any alternative flights have been purchased by us on your behalf then revised charges each way may be applicable. Please advise us of ski/board carriage requirements when making your booking. There can be limited places available. Once ski carriage has been booked and paid for it becomes non-refundable. The airline reserves the right to increase the cost of their ski carriage charges without notice, any increased cost will be passed onto the client. Changes such as these are beyond our control.Ski Club of Great Britain discount 5%This is applicable to all members of the SCGB booking direct with Alpine Action. Your current membership at time of original booking is required to qualify. Later memberships will not qualify retrospectively. No other group or holiday discounts will apply. The 5% discount only applies to full price for adults or children who qualify as members as above. Proof of your membership must be provided within 7 days of making the holiday booking. Booking through travel agentsAlpine Action use a number of reputable registered specialists ski-agents who will act on the client’s behalf to book a holiday with Alpine Action. If you book through a Travel Agent they will provide us with your full name, address, email address and telephone number and act to pass information from you to us and vice versa. They will also receive payment from you for their holiday. All monies you pay to the Travel Agent are held by them on our behalf at all times. Any advice given to you from your Travel Agent which is not based on advice given to them by Alpine Action is their responsibility and in these circumstances we do not accept liability if incorrect advice is given to you by your Travel Agent. Although Alpine Action monitor the agents information and representation of our holidays any subsequent misrepresentation of the holiday from the said agent is the responsibility of the agent and should be taken up with that agent directly by the client. Alpine Action will liaise with the agent to resolve any difficulties in the unlikely event an issue does occur.Chalet Catering & Dietary RequirementsEvening meals are provided for 5* nights on a 7 night holiday. *6 nights on 20 & 27 Dec and 14 Feb 2020.  Breakfast is between 8am and 9am and typically comprises: cooked eggs with around two other cooked accompaniments, such as bacon, tomatoes, or beans, fruit juice, cereals, yoghurts, porridge, bread and jam. There is of course unlimited tea and coffee. On our staffs 2 days off a week, a continental self-serve breakfast will be provided. The milk supplied is fresh cow’s milk. A self-serve afternoon tea of a cake or biscuits is provided and guests can should help themselves.  Adult dinner is served after canapes which are served at 7.15pm in each chalet. This is a four-course meal based on supper party menus. It includes complimentary wine and coffee. We do not permit non guests of our chalets to dine in our properties, except in exceptional circumstances and only if agreed in writing at time of booking. Please note that dinner in our chalets is an adult and teenagers occasion. Children aged 12 years and under on the holiday start date will eat earlier at High Tea around 5:30-6.30pm, a children’s menu will be provided. Some parents may prefer their children to eat the evening chalet meal, this can be booked and will be charged at £39 per child per week. This must be booked in advance, failure to do so will result in a late notice fee payable of £49 per child.  This is not available on shared chalet weeks.Guests are not permitted to use chalet kitchens at any time, or to prepare daily lunches and/or an evening meal on the staffs night off. This includes using any of the electrical appliances such as microwaves, cookers and dishwashers, although this list is not exhaustive.Special Diets & Food AllergiesVegetarian and pescatarian meals will be provided on our normal chalet menu, although you will need to have pre-booked this. For any guests in our chalets who advise on arrival that they require a vegetarian, vegan or pescatarian diet, a £60 charge will be payable in resort per week. Other special diets (e.g. gluten-free, dairy-free, wheat-free, specific food allergies etc.) can often be provided, but must be discussed with our UK Office before booking, and will incur a supplement of £39 per person, per week, to contribute towards additional costs of ingredients, separate preparation and deliveries.  Dietary requests and/or food allergies must be confirmed prior to arrival in resort, failure to do so will result in a short notice fee of £60 pp. We also cannot guarantee that items required will be available at short notice either.In choosing to travel with Alpine Action, you accept the following facts: - that chalet hosts involved in the catering, including for children’s meals, are not qualified chefs or catering professionals and that no food allergy system can ever be at a 100% guarantee against any contact with a specified foods. Items such as eggs, dairy products and nuts are constantly present in kitchens and dining areas, so cross-contamination cannot be ruled out, our staff cannot police what snacks third parties, including other guests children, may bring into contact with the allergic person. Our staff may not be aware of precise food contents (where they do not speak the language in which the ingredients are labelled, for example). You will appreciate all our staff adhere to all the Health & Safety measures required in chalet kitchens but the chalet cannot be regarded as a complete sterile area. We therefore cannot and do not guarantee the avoidance of specified ingredients, and cannot accept liability in the event of any dissatisfaction with special dietary arrangements, including the occurrence of an allergic reaction.TRAVELFlight TicketsFor all of our charter flights, you will be issued an E-ticket, these will be emailed within a week of departure. These are arranged with the airline and a boarding pass will be issued at check-in on receipt of your E-Ticket. Any other flights such as EasyJet you will need to follow their check in procedure online, enter your passport details and print your own boarding passes.Missed FlightsThe charter flights we use are non-transferable, so you should make sure you have ample time to get to the airport for your journey. Please remember to leave time for traffic delays and parking or reaching the terminal from the rail station. Your ticket will advise which terminal your flight departs from.  Should you miss the outbound flight, you are responsible for making your own way to your destination and onward to your booked accommodation. If this happens, please notify our team in France 0033 479 06 34 16 immediately as our staff will be expecting you at your original arrival time.  Cancelled or problems with our flightsShould you arrive at the airport and the flight you are booked on is cancelled, please contact our French office immediately on 0033 479 06 34 16 where they will be able to advise and assist with an alternative.Traveling with ChildrenCAA regulations state that a child of 2 years or more (on the return date of travel) must have its own air seat and will otherwise be denied boarding by the airline. Children under 2 years (on the return date of travel) must sit on a parent’s lap and they are not entitled to a seat on the flights or seats on transfer coach.TransfersOur website gives approximate times for transfers, however please bear in mind that these are approximate as they cannot take into account prevailing weather and traffic conditions.  On peak dates such as New Year or February half term when other nationalities are also on holiday, the roads can be busy. We reserve the right to adjust the time of departure dependent on current and predicted conditions as well as local authority advice. This may mean a stop en route to the airport after the predicted areas of congestion. It is also important to remember that in some cases we stop transfer coaches for a break or to change driver this is more likely if flights or road journeys have been delayed. In order to keep prices low we may have to combine flights on a single resort transfer bus. This could lead to waiting times at airport for flight delays or luggage retrieval. Whilst we aim to keep waiting times as short as possible and minimise journey times, this may mean your waiting time is longer.  We will endeavour to keep this to a minimum and snacks and refreshments will be available. Please also note that you will be informed of your waiting time, by an Alpine Action Representative. The toilets on the coaches: Please bear in mind that the cold weather may affect the WC on your coach despite our or our drivers best efforts, these may remain unavailable for your journey.  Children and infants on coaches: coach companies are unable to provide child seats or booster seats. Should you wish your child to travel with one of these we advise you to bring your own although please bear in mind there is no guarantee it will fit on the coach as most have lap belts. Infants under 2 years old are not allocated a seat on our coaches.Weather conditions and travel delaysAlpine Action Limited will endeavour, at all times, to maintain their carrier’s schedule, but there may be delays due to circumstances beyond the control of the carriers or Alpine Action Limited. Examples of such delay can be occasioned by air traffic congestion, weather conditions, strikes or road traffic conditions. Alpine Action Limited shall not be liable for any loss or damage or compensation arising from delays howsoever caused.Self-DriveDriving out to resort often has the benefit of an extra day or two skiing as well as increased flexibility over luggage and travel times. The resort is approximately 600 miles drive from Calais, or an 8 to 9-hour drive with rest stops on the motorway on the French side. We will store luggage and arrange a changing area for the early arrivals on a Sunday, you will then be asked to vacate the chalet and return after 16:00 hours when your rooms will be ready. The following Sunday, we will again store your luggage and arrange a changing area only when you return from skiing and your prior departure. You will not be able to use the chalet communal areas during this time as they will then be occupied by that week’s clients.  CHALETSArrival & departureAll guests are advised to vacate by 09:30 on the day of departure and that rooms will not be ready until 16:00 on the day of arrival.  Occasionally there is an overlapping of outgoing and incoming clients if they have travelled by train or car from the U.K.  We try to be as flexible as possible with your arrival and departure requirements and therefore ask that you are sympathetic to the other guests who arrive and depart via the airport coach. We cannot make showers available or other facilities if extended skiing is undertaken by clients, however your chalet hosts who will be more than helpful and happy to assist where possible.  We will store luggage and arrange a changing area for the early arrivals on a Sunday, you will then be asked to vacate the chalet and return after 16:00 hours when your rooms will be ready. The following Sunday, we will again store your luggage and arrange a changing area only for your return from skiing and prior to your departure. You will not be able to use the chalet communal area at that time as it will then be occupied by that week’s clients.ParkingAlthough there may be parking at or close by the chalet. We cannot guarantee, that you will be able to park your car there. Snowfalls can restrict access and we cannot always clear it. Please talk to your chalet hosts on arrival about where to park close by. Please note some parking will need to be paid for Alpine Action do not accept any claims for parking fines you may incur.CleaningThe chalet has a deep clean on a transfer day when all the beds are freshly made for you. We provide a hand and bath towel, with a mid-week change. The living and communal areas are cleaned daily. Your bedrooms and bathrooms are cleaned once a week, on a Wednesday when you have a towel change. We recommend that you bring slippers or some type of indoor shoes for our chalets, we operate a “no shoes” policy in the interests of keeping our chalets cleaner and more comfortable.Chalet facilitiesHot-tubs, saunas, Freeview TV, WIFI connections and all audio systems are all free services and all have breakdown contracts. In the event of their failure all efforts will be made to ensure continuous provision of these services. However no down-time of any of the above will constitute any refunds if circumstances are outside our contract means or ability.Outdoor hot-tubsWhere we have hot-tubs, all our staff have been trained in their maintenance; regular checks are made for your safety. All clients MUST shower before using the hot tub. Children under 10 are not permitted to use the hot tub. Children over 10 should be supervised at all times in the hot tub. No glass may be taken into the vicinity of the hot tub. To avoid danger of drowning or injury do not use the hot tub when intoxicated. Persons with infectious diseases may not use the hot tub, and pregnant women should consult a doctor before use. A maximum of 20 minutes immersion in the hot tub is advised as any longer may cause health problems. The hot tub is open daily 4.30pm-7.30pm, except Sundays when it is cleaned and refilled for the next week. The chalet staff reserve the right to close the hot tub should there be any misuse of the facility, or should the need to service arise. Guests use the hot tub at their own risk. SaunaPlease bring suitable swimwear for using the sauna. You must read the instructions next to the sauna before use. Children and pregnant woman are forbidden to use the sauna.Towels and toiletriesWe provide everyone with a hand and bath towel and a standard small welcome set of toiletries (shampoo/soap) for all chalets. Please bring an extra towel if required. We provide a midweek towel change for all our chalets. Rooms and BathroomsThe size, décor, soundproofing of all our chalet bedrooms differ from chalet to chalet. Almost all rooms will have an en-suite bathroom with WC. There are a few bedrooms that have their own private bathroom & WC adjacent to their room. There can also be considerable differences in floor space, head clearance, clothes storage facilities and types and sizes of bed. We will make every effort to include all the details in our chalet notes section. You will be allocated your room and the number once you have booked your holiday and this will appear on the booking confirmation, so you know exactly what you have booked. It is not possible to change this on arrival at your accommodation. There are no keys to any of the bedrooms.Free WifiAll our chalets offer free WIFI. This is ADSL broadband but not fibre optic. The internet is the best on offer in this area of France. It can be slow when every device in the chalet is connected.Hot WaterPlease be advised that the hot-water in the chalets, may differ from what you are used to at home. It is recommend to test your desired temperature.  We advise parents to supervise young children. Please be considerate to others in the chalet when running big baths, the water needs to go around everyone. We ask that guests stagger their bath or shower times and consider other guests in the chalet.ToiletsTo avoid blocking the toilets please use the bins provided for sanitary or other items. It can be difficult to unblock toilet systems in Alpine Chalets during the winter so your help would be greatly appreciated.ChildrenNo matter how much care is taken skiing chalets are not child proof. We will not be held responsible for any accidents occurring within the chalets, it is the parent’s responsibility to ensure their children are supervised at all times. Children under 12 years have their own menu and will eat between 5.30pm - 6.30pm.Cots and High ChairsCots with a mattress with some bedding, as well as high chairs will be supplied when you have booked your infant. The inclusion of a cot may restrict room space and some rooms may not be large enough to contain a cot.Smoking policyAlpine Action has a strict no-smoking policy In ALL of their premises and vehicles. The strict no-smoking policy also includes the use of E-Cigarettes. A guest who breaches this policy will be liable to pay a fine of €100 to pay for additional deep-cleaning required, and will be held liable for any other consequential damages sought against Alpine Action by its other guests and/or the property owners. Specific smoking areas outside of the premises will be advised to clients by our resort staff. Shared ChaletsShared chalets are a great way to take a skiing holiday. If you do not have a large enough group to completely fill a chalet, you can still enjoy the benefits of staying in a chalet over a hotel. We have many chalets that can be booked on a room by room basis. We cannot guarantee that children will not be booked into a shared chalet after you have booked. Children under 12 years have their own menu and will eat between 5.30pm - 6.30pm. It is not possible for under 12 years to sit around an all adult table in the evening on a shared chalet week.Chalet SecurityPlease leave valuables at home. When returning or leaving the chalet each day, please ensure that windows, balcony doors and all external doors are securely shut/locked behind you. Chalet break-ins are rare however please help us to help you avoid this during your stay. Alpine Action accepts no responsibility for items lost or stolen from the chalet, therefore valuables should not be left in the chalet during the day. None of our bedroom doors in any of our chalets are able to be locked or have individual keys, this is common in Chalets, please be aware this is included on mixed bookingsChalet distancesDistances shown and quoted on the website, are as a guide only and in practice may vary. This is according to the fitness and speed at which people walk. This can all vary again with snow, ice and footwear. Please ask your chalet hosts or manager for any shortcuts to the town or slopes.Client responsibility for accommodation/damageYou agree on your own behalf and on behalf of all persons named on the booking that:Every such person will at all times and for all purposes relevant to your holiday arrangements act with reasonable care and refrain from all forms of anti-social behaviour.  You will indemnify and keep indemnified Alpine Action against all claims, liabilities, loss, damage, expense, interest and costs whether direct or indirect that Alpine Action may suffer or incur as a result of entering into a holiday contract with you or as a result of you occupying the holiday accommodation, including (but not limited to) any damage to the accommodation, its fixtures & fittings & contents. You are responsible for the behaviour of all children under the age of 18 named on your booking form. In the event that we, or any of our suppliers believes that a child in your party is acting in a manner which could upset, annoy, disturb or put at risk any other passenger, customer, supplier or member of staff, we may, in our complete discretion terminate your holiday.  In the event of us having reasonable cause to believe that there has been any anti-social behaviour on the part of any person named on the confirmation invoice we have the unfettered right to terminate all further performance of this contract, including your right to remain in any accommodation and to return flights and we shall have no liability whatsoever to pay compensation or make any refunds or make alternative accommodation or transport arrangements.  Alpine Action and the owners and managers of the accommodation in which you stay have the right to enter any holiday accommodation at such times and for such purposes (including but not limited to inspection, cleaning & repairs) as may be reasonable in the circumstances. Alpine Action reserves the right to request a 500€ deposit is paid by the group leader via debit or credit card, if we feel a group could cause careless damage to fixture or fitting of the accommodation. Claims for damages to Alpine Action properties, transport or other facilities will be debited to the group leader’s debit or credit card with our pre-advice or will be vigorously pursued for payment by the company and our representatives.You agree that any accommodation provided to this contract is only for the use and enjoyment of the persons named on the confirmation invoice. You are not at liberty to invite any other person to join your party in the accommodation.Left propertyPlease remember to take all your personal belongs home with you.  All your belongings remain your responsibility at all times and Alpine Action cannot be held responsible for any items being mislaid, loaded onto wrong coaches or left behind etc. It is normally your responsibility to manage your baggage at all times including if it’s on and off the transfer vehicles and to and from accommodation. No liability is accepted for misplacement of items, leaving items/luggage behind or mistaking someone else’s luggage for your own or another guest/person taking your luggage off any transfer, believing it to be their own or otherwise. Alpine Action accepts no responsibility for luggage lost or damaged by the airline or airport baggage handlers or coach drivers, and if this occurs, you should notify the service provider immediately of any problem that has arisen. Left property is returned to the UK at the end of the season, without exception and if not reclaimed will be disposed by June. You must contact the UK office via email to recover any items. There will be a minimal charge of £15 + postage & packaging. We cannot be held responsible for lost property whilst in transit to the UK or onwards how ever this is arranged. We reserve the right to increase the administration charge for the return of lost property for bulky items with special dispatch costsOUR STAFFGeneralWe pride ourselves on having excellent staff. We have an experienced resort management team, along with Representatives and Drivers. In each of our chalets you will find chalet hosts, they are there to ensure you enjoy the Alpine Action experience fully. The hosts are there to greet and will be your hosts for the week, they will prepare and cook your meals and keep the chalet clean and tidy however they are not domestic servants or professional chefs. We have a Resort Manager and a team of Chalet Managers who will be on hand to assist with any queries and give you general information about the skiing, resort, après ski and any other information you may need. Your chalet hosts have Thursdays off, it will be a help yourself breakfast and afternoon tea, but there will be no chalet cleaning or evening meal.Staff Live-inYour chalet may also be home to the chalet staff and they may therefore have to share your chalet facilities. You can see if you staff live in on the chalet notes section. Staff Day’s offOur very hard working staff have 1.5 days off during the week, this is Tuesday morning and all day Thursday.  There is no evening meal on Thursday, a Continental breakfast is still provided on a self-serve basis. Afternoon tea is also provided.If You Cancel Your HolidayYou, or any member of your party, may cancel your holiday at any time. Written notification by email to sales@alpineaction.co.uk from the person who made the booking or your travel agent must be received at our offices. As we incur costs from the time we confirm your booking, the following cancellation charges will be payable. Where the cancellation charge is shown as a percentage, this is calculated on the basis of the total cost payable by the person(s) cancelling excluding amendment charges. All deposits are non-refundable.From the date of the cancellation the amounts charged are:More than 70 days Deposit only36 - 69 days 50% of total21 - 35 days 75% of total20 days and less 100% of totalDepending on the reason for cancellation, you may be able to reclaim these cancellation charges under the terms of your insurance policy. You must make claims directly to your insurance company. Where any cancellation reduces the number of full paying party members below the number on which the price and any concessions agreed for your booking were based, we will recalculate these items and re invoice the booking accordingly. If any member of your party is prevented from travelling, the person(s) concerned may transfer their place/s to someone else. When a transfer can be made, all costs and charges incurred by us and/or incurred or imposed by any of our suppliers as a result together with an administration fee of £60 must be paid before the transfer can be effected.If You Change Your BookingIf, after our Booking Confirmation Invoice has been issued, you wish to change your travel arrangements in any way, for example your chosen departure date or accommodation, we will do our utmost to make these changes but it may not always be possible. Any request for changes to be made must be in writing (email sales@alpineaction.co.uk) from the person who made the booking or your travel agent. You will be asked to pay an administration charge of £60, in addition to any further costs we incur in making this alteration.  You should be aware that these costs could increase the closer to the departure date that changes are made and you should contact us as soon as possible. Note: Certain holidays may not be changeable after a reservation has been made and any alteration request could incur a cancellation charge of up to 100% of that part of the arrangements.You can transfer your booking to another person, who satisfies all the conditions that apply to this booking, by giving us notice in writing (email sales@alpineaction.co.uk) as soon as possible and no later than 7 days before departure. Both you and the new traveller are responsible for paying all costs we incur in making the booking transfer.Name ChangesIf a change of name and the ticket has been issued, an administration charge of £50 will apply. Name changes are free of charge up to 2 weeks prior to departure on our chartered flights. If your flight has been booked with a low coats airline such as EasyJet, then a charge may be incurred.If we cancel your bookingWe reserve the right to cancel your booking. We will not cancel less than 10 weeks before your departure date, except for unavoidable and extraordinary circumstances, or failure by you to pay the final balance. Unavoidable and extraordinary circumstances means a situation beyond our control, the consequences of which could not have been avoided even if all reasonable measures had been taken. If your holiday is cancelled you can either have a refund of all monies paid or accept an alternative holiday of comparable standard from us if we offer one (we will refund any price difference if the alternative is of a lower value). In the event a refund is paid to you, we will pay compensation as detailed below except where the cancellation is due to unavoidable and extraordinary circumstances (see definition above).               Period before departure inwhich we notify you                       Amount you will receive from us More than 70 days pre-departure                             £0More than 69-35 days                                              £30More than 21-35 days                                              £50Less than 20 days                                                    £70This does not exclude you from claiming more if you are entitled to do so.Events Beyond Our ControlWe will not pay compensation if we have to cancel or change your arrangements in any way because of unavoidable or extraordinary circumstances. Unavoidable and extraordinary circumstances means situations beyond our control, the consequences of which could not have been avoided even if all reasonable measures had been taken. These can include, for example, war, riot, political instability, industrial dispute, terrorist activity and its consequences, natural disasters (such as avalanches), nuclear disaster, fire, adverse weather conditions, epidemics, technical problems with accommodation or transport, closure or congestion at airports, stations or ports, cancellations or changes of schedule by carriers or alteration of aircraft type by suppliers, or suppliers ceasing to operate due to adverse weather conditions and all similar events outside our or their control or any similar events, like Covid-19.FORCE MAJEURE. Alpine Action will not be liable for problems or delays caused by strikes, riots, political unrest, hostilities, war terrorist activity, industrial disputes, fire, flood, tornadoes, hurricanes, transportation problems, airport closures, weather conditions or any other even beyond our immediate control. We suggest that you take out adequate travel insurance to cover such eventualities. We cannot accept liability or pay any compensation where the performance or prompt performance of our contractual obligations is prevented or affected by "force majeure". In these bookings conditions, "force majeure" means any event, which we or the supplier of the service(s) in question could not, even with all due care, foresee or avoid. Such events may include war or threat of war, riot, civil strife, terrorist activity, industrial dispute, natural or nuclear disaster, adverse weather conditions, fire and all similar events outside our control. 43.        Changes to the holiday pricesWe can change your holiday price after you’ve booked, only in certain circumstances: Changes in the price of the carriage of passengers resulting from changes to the cost of fuel or other power sources, the level of taxes or fees imposed by third parties including tourist taxes, landing taxes or embarkation or disembarkation fees at ports and airports or exchange rates mean that the price of your travel arrangements may change after you have booked. However, there will be no change within 20 days of your departure.We will absorb, and you will not be charged for, any increase equivalent to 2% of the price of your holiday, which excludes any amendment charges. You will be charged for the amount over and above that. If this results in an increase equivalent to more than 8% of the price of your holiday, you will have the option of accepting a change to another holiday if we are able to offer one (we will refund any price difference if the alternative is of a lower value), or cancelling and receiving a full refund of all monies paid, except for any amendment charges. Should you decide to cancel: 1) you must do so within the time period shown on your final invoice 2) We will provide a refund of insurance premiums paid to us if you can show that you are unable to transfer or reuse your policy.  Should the price of your holiday go down due to the cost changes mentioned above, then any refund due will be paid to you. We will deduct from this refund our administrative expenses incurred. Please note that travel services are not always purchased in local currency and some apparent changes have no impact on the price of your holiday due to contractual and other protection in place.Changes other than the price. It is a term of your booking that we are able to make changes to any aspect of your booking. If the change is insignificant, we will ensure that you are notified about it. Examples of insignificant changes include alteration of your outward/return flights by less than 12 hours, changes to aircraft type, change of accommodation to another of the same or higher standard, changes of carriers. If we are constrained by circumstances beyond our control to alter significantly any of the main characteristics of the travel services that make up your holiday package you will have the rights set out below. We will contact you and you will have the choice of accepting the change or having a refund of all monies paid. You can also accept an alternative holiday, where we offer one (we will refund any price difference if the alternative is of a lower value). We will tell you the procedure for making your choice. Please read any notification of changes carefully and respond promptly as if you do not respond to us within the timescale given your booking may be cancelled.If you choose to accept a refund: we will provide a full refund of your travel insurance premiums if you paid them to us and can show that you are unable to transfer or reuse your policy.  We will pay compensation as detailed below except where the significant change is due to unavoidable and extraordinary circumstances, which means a situation beyond our control, the consequences of which could not have been avoided even if all reasonable measures had been taken.The compensation that we offer does not exclude you from claiming more if you are entitled to do so.Period before departure in which we notify you      Amount you will receive from usMore than 70 days pre-departure                            £0More than 69-35 days                                              £15More than 21-35 days                                              £25Less than 20 days                                                    £30 Our Liability to YouYou must inform us without undue delay of any failure to perform or improper performance of the travel services included in this package. If any of the travel services included in your package are not performed in accordance with the contract, or are improperly performed, by us or the travel service suppliers, and this has affected the enjoyment of your travel arrangements, you may be entitled to an appropriate price reduction or compensation or both. We will not be liable where any failure to perform or improper performance of the travel services is due to: you or another member of your party; or a third party unconnected with the provision of the travel services in the package and is unforeseeable or unavoidable; or unavoidable and extraordinary circumstances, which means a situation beyond our control, the consequences of which could not have been avoided even if all reasonable measures had been taken.Our liability, except in cases involving death, injury or illness, shall be limited to a maximum of three times the cost of your travel arrangements. Our liability will also be limited in accordance with and/or in an identical manner to.44.a        The contractual terms of the companies that provide the travel services that make up your package. These terms are incorporated into this booking; and44.b       Any relevant international convention, for example the Montreal Convention in respect of travel by air, the Athens Convention in respect of travel by sea, the Berne Convention in respect of travel by rail and the Paris Convention in respect of the provision of accommodation, which limit the amount of and conditions under which compensation can be claimed for death, injury, delay to passengers and loss, damage and delay to luggage. We are to be regarded as having all benefit of any limitation of the extent of or the conditions under which compensation is to be paid under these or any conventions. You can ask for copies of the travel service contractual terms, or the international conventions, from us by emailing sales@alpineaction.co.uk.  Under EU law (Regulation 261/2004) you have rights in some circumstances to refunds and/or compensation from your airline in cases of denied boarding, cancellation or delay to flights. Full details will be publicised at EU airports and available from airlines. However reimbursement in such cases will not automatically entitle you to a refund of your holiday cost from us. Your right to a refund and/or compensation from us is set out in these booking conditions. If any payments to you are due from us, any payment made to you by the airline or any other service provider will be deducted.If it is impossible to ensure your return as scheduled due to unavoidable and extraordinary circumstances, we will bear the cost of necessary accommodation, if possible of equivalent category, for a maximum of three nights. The limit doesn’t apply to persons with reduced mobility and any person accompanying them, pregnant women and unaccompanied minors, or persons in need of specific medical assistance, provided that you notified us of these needs at least 48 hours before the start of your holiday.Protecting your moneyWe provide full financial protection for our package holidays.1. For flight-based holidays this is through our Air Travel Organiser’s Licence number 3292 issued by the Civil Aviation Authority, Gatwick Airport South, West Sussex, RH6 0YR, UK, telephone 0333 103 6350, email claims@caa.co.uk. When you buy an ATOL protected flight or flight inclusive holiday from us you will receive an ATOL Certificate. This lists what is financially protected, where you can get information on what this means for you and who to contact if things go wrong. We will provide you with the services listed on the ATOL Certificate (or a suitable alternative). In some cases, where we aren’t able to do so for reasons of insolvency, an alternative ATOL holder may provide you with the services you have bought or a suitable alternative (at no extra cost to you). You agree to accept that in those circumstances the alternative ATOL holder will perform those obligations and you agree to pay any money outstanding to be paid by you under your contract to that alternative ATOL holder. However, you also agree that in some cases it will not be possible to appoint an alternative ATOL holder, in which case you will be entitled to make a claim under the ATOL scheme (or your credit card issuer where applicable).  If we are unable to provide the services listed (or a suitable alternative, through an alternative ATOL holder or otherwise) for reasons of insolvency, the Trustees of the Air Travel Trust may make a payment to (or confer a benefit on) you under the ATOL scheme. You agree that in return for such a payment or benefit you assign absolutely to those Trustees any claims which you have or may have arising out of or relating to the non-provision of the services, including any claim against us, the travel agent (or your credit card issuer where applicable). You also agree that any such claims may be re-assigned to another body, if that other body has paid sums you have claimed under the ATOL scheme.2. When you buy a package holiday that doesn’t include a flight, protection is provided by way of a bond held by ABTA – The Travel Association 30 Park Street London SE1 9EQ www.abta.co.uk/an insurance policy with Travel & General Insurance Services Limited,117 Houndaditch, London, EC3A 7BT. ABTA. We are a Member of ABTA, membership number Y5435. We are obliged to maintain a high standard of service to you by ABTA’s Code of Conduct. We an also offer you ABTA’s scheme for the resolution of disputes which is approved by the Chartered Trading Standards Institute. If we can’t resolve your complaint, go to www.abta.com to use ABTA’s simple procedure. Further information on the Code and ABTA’s assistance in resolving disputes can be found on www.abta.com. You can also access the European Commission Online Dispute (ODR) Resolution platform at http://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/. This ODR platform is a means of notifying us of your complaint; it will not determine how your complaint should be resolved.ComplaintsIf you have a complaint about any of the services included in your holiday, you must inform your Chalet Manager or Operations & Resort Manager without undue delay who will endeavour to put things right. If it is not resolved locally, please follow this up as soon as possible after your return home, ideally within 28 days by emailing our Customer Services Department at sales@alpineaction.co.uk giving your booking reference and all other relevant information. Please keep your email concise and to the point. If you fail to follow the requirement to report your complaint in resort we will have been deprived of the opportunity to investigate and rectify it and this may affect your rights under this booking. Please also see clause 10 above on ABTA.Additional assistanceIf you’re in difficulty whilst on holiday and ask us to help we will provide appropriate assistance, in particular by providing information on health services, local authorities and consular assistance; and helping you to find alternative arrangements and any necessary phone calls/emails. You must pay any costs we incur, if the difficulty is your fault.Passport, Visa and Immigration RequirementsYour specific passport and visa requirements, and other immigration requirements are your responsibility and you should confirm these with the relevant Embassies and/or Consulates. We do not accept any responsibility if you cannot travel because you have not complied with any passport, visa or immigration requirements.Travel Aware & Staying Safe and Healthy AbroadThe Foreign & Commonwealth Office and National Travel Health Network and Centre have up-to-date advice on staying safe and healthy abroad. For the latest travel advice from the Foreign & Commonwealth Office including security and local laws, plus passport and visa information check www.gov.uk/travelaware and follow @FCOtravel and Facebook.com/FCOtravel. Keep informed of current travel health news by visiting www.travelhealthpro.org.uk. The advice can change so check regularly for updates.Travel AgentsAll monies you pay to the travel agent are held by him on behalf and for the benefit of the Trustees of the Air Travel Trust at all times. This is subject to the agent’s obligation to pay it to us for so long as we do not fail. If we fail, any money held at that time by the agent, or subsequently accepted from you by him, is and continues to be held on behalf of and for the benefit of the Trustees of the Air Travel Trust without any obligation to pay that money to us. Website ValidityAll descriptions in any way on our website, or made orally or in writing are given in good faith based on information believed to be correct at the time.  After posting of these conditions on this website, changes can take place, which are beyond our control.  Photographs of rooms represent the type of accommodation available but not all rooms will be the same size or style.  Floor plans and chalet layout descriptions are intended as a guideline only.  We reserve the right to increase or decrease the price of unsold holidays at any time and to correct omissions or errors. For these holidays supplements and discounts may not be as stated on the website or any of our literature. Any advice given by a Travel Agent which is not based on advice given by us is the responsibility of the Travel Agent.  We do not accept liability if incorrect advice is given in these circumstances.Data Protection policyAlpine Action staff, guests or professional photographers will occasionally take photographs, which may include adult or child guests from your family, for use on our websites or other marketing material. Unless you have advised us in writing that you do not wish yours or your child’s image to be used in this way then no liability for the use of such photographs will be accepted by Alpine Action. (Note that for your security, names or other details are never attached to such photographs.)  Guest comments taken from questionnaires or other correspondence are occasionally used on our websites, with the name of the family concerned, to give an honest guests view of our holidays. Unless you have advised us in writing that you do not wish your comments to be used in this way then no liability for the use of such comments will be accepted by Alpine ActionIn order to process your booking and to ensure your travel arrangements run smoothly and meet your requirements, we need to use the information you provide such as name, address, any special needs/dietary requirements etc. We take full responsibility for ensuring that proper security measures are in place to protect your information. We must pass the information on to the relevant suppliers of your holiday arrangements, such as airlines, chalets, transport companies etc. This information may also be used for future communications from Alpine Action, (including for example the use of names and contact details for mailings and e-newsletters. We do not pass your email addresses to any third parties; it is purely for Alpine Action purposes. Your Air Passenger Information may also be provided to security and checking companies and public authorities such as customs/immigration if required by them or as required by law. If you do not agree to any or all such uses, you must advise us accordingly in writing. This applies to any sensitive information that you give us such as details of any disabilities, or dietary/religious requirements. If we cannot pass this information to the relevant suppliers, we cannot provide your booking. In making this booking, you consent to this information being passed on to the relevant persons as advised above.Law and jurisdictionThis booking is governed by English Law, and the jurisdiction of the English Courts. You may however choose the law and jurisdiction of Scotland or Northern Ireland if you live there and wish to do so.