http://www.european-athletics.org/european-athletics/term-and-conditions/index.html
Who we areWhat we do
1. Acceptance of Terms 2. YOUR REGISTRATION OBLIGATIONS
3. MEMBER ACCOUNT, PASSWORD AND SECURITY
4. SUPERVISING CHILDREN
5. CONTENT
6. TRADEMARK AND COPYRIGHT INFORMATION
7. COPYRIGHTS AND COPYRIGHT AGENTS
8. MODIFICATIONS TO SERVICE
9. PRIVACY POLICY
10. TERMINATION
11. DISCLAIMERS
12. INDEMNIFICATION
13. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
14. EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS
15. NOTICES
16. GENERAL INFORMATION
17. VIOLATIONS
Welcome to european-athletics.org ("Website"). The European Athletic Association (EA) (“European Athletics”, “We”, “Our”) provides the Website, including any content, to you subject to the following General Terms and Conditions of use and any documents referred to in them ("Terms").
1. Acceptance of Terms1.1    By accessing and using Our Website, whether or not you become a registered user ("User", "You", “Yourself”, “Your”), You agree to be bound by these Terms, which You acknowledge that You have read and understood.
1.2    We reserve the right, at Our sole discretion, to change, modify or otherwise alter these Terms at any time. You must review these Terms here on a regular basis to keep Yourself informed of any changes.
1.3    By using the Website, You agree that the posting of new or revised Terms on the Website shall constitute adequate and constructive notice to You of any and all revisions and changes. Continued use of the Website after any such changes or after explicitly accepting the new Terms upon logging into the Website shall constitute Your acceptance of such changes.
1.4    The use of particular European Athletics services may be subject to specific terms of service related to the concerned service. In using such services, You agree to be bound by the terms then in force. To the extent that there is any inconsistency between the Terms and any other terms of service, those other terms of service shall prevail in respect of the concerned service.
2. YOUR REGISTRATION OBLIGATIONS
2.1 Certain areas of the Website require registration ("Restricted Areas”). By registering, You represent and warrant that: (i) You are eligible for an account as set forth in these Terms; and (ii) the information You include as part of the registration process is accurate and not misleading. Accounts may be obtained and used only by: (i) individual, independent professionals who are eighteen (18) years old or of legal age in their country of residence if such age exceeds eighteen (18); (ii) those individuals whose registration has been authorised either by their parents or legal guardian if they are below the legal age in their respective country of residence; or (iii) individuals with the right and authority to act on behalf of an organisation or entity for the purposes of accessing and using the Website.
2.2 In respect of Your use of these Restricted Areas, You agree to: (i) provide true, accurate, current and complete information about Yourself as prompted by the registration form ("Registration Data"); and (ii) maintain and promptly update the Registration Data to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. If You provide, or European Athletics has reasonable grounds to suspect that You have provided, any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or European Athletics otherwise reasonably considers that You have failed to comply with any provisions of these Terms, European Athletics has the right to suspend or terminate Your account and refuse You access to any and all current or future use of the Website (or any portion thereof).
3. MEMBER ACCOUNT, PASSWORD AND SECURITY
3.1 You will receive a password and account designation upon completing any registration process (as described in Section 2). You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and account, and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under Your password and account.
3.2 You agree to: (i) immediately notify European Athletics of any unauthorised use of Your password or account and any other breach of security; and (ii) ensure that You exit from Your account at the end of each session. European Athletics cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from Your failure to comply with this Section 3.
4. SUPERVISING CHILDREN
European Athletics is concerned about the safety and privacy of all its users, particularly those not yet of legal age in their respective country of residence. For this reason, parents/guardians who wish to allow their children access to the Website should review these Terms and assist such children with the setting up of any relevant accounts and supervise the child’s access to the Website. By allowing Your child access to the Website, he or she will be able to access all of the Website, which may now or in the future include public and private communication tools as well as other features that may not be appropriate for use by unsupervised children. Please remember that the Website is designed to appeal to a broad audience. Accordingly, as the legal guardian, it is Your responsibility to determine whether any of the Websites and/or information, data, text, software, music, sound, photographs, graphics, video, messages and any other material on the Website ("Content") are appropriate for Your child.
5. CONTENT The Website includes Content: (i) provided by European Athletics (“European Athletics Content”); (ii) Content that is uploaded, posted, submitted or otherwise transmitted by Users of the Website (“User Submissions”); and Content that is uploaded, posted, submitted or otherwise transmitted (iii) by third parties (“Third Party Content”).
(i) European Athletics Content
5.1 All European Athletics Content, including European Athletics feeds, is owned by, or licensed to, European Athletics. European Athletics Content is provided to You AS IS and may not be used, reproduced, distributed, transmitted, broadcast, displayed, sold, licensed or otherwise exploited for any other purposes than their access and usage on the Website. For that sole and exclusive purpose, European Athletics grants to You a limited, revocable, non-exclusive licence to access and use the Website privately for non-commercial purposes, in accordance with these Terms. Should You be interested in reproducing, duplicating or copying any of the content of the Website for any other purpose, please contact our us at media@european-athletics.org.
(ii) User Submissions
5.2 You retain all rights in any User Submission that You provide to the Website. You shall be solely responsible for Your own User Submissions and the consequences of uploading them.
5.3 The Website provides in some cases unfiltered access to User Submissions. You understand and agree that European Athletics only acts as a platform for such User Submissions and that We have no liability related to such content posted on the Website, whether arising under intellectual property laws, libel, privacy, obscenity, or otherwise. European Athletics cannot, nor does it undertake any obligation to control User Submissions. By its very nature, User Submissions on the Website are changed frequently, may be inaccurate and in some cases may be mislabelled or deceptively mislabelled. European Athletics does not make any representation or warranty, express or implied, as to User Submissions.
5.4 You represent and warrant that Your User Submissions: (i) shall not infringe any copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret, or other proprietary right or right of publicity or privacy; (ii) shall not violate any law or regulation; (iii) shall not be defamatory or trade libellous; (iv) shall not be obscene or contain pornography; (v) shall not include incomplete, false or inaccurate information about Yourself or any information about any other individual; and (vi) shall not contain any viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancelbots or other computer programmes that are intended to damage, detrimentally interfere with, surreptitiously intercept or expropriate any system, data or personal information. You in particular represent and warrant that You have the written consent, release, and/or permission of each and every identifiable individual person in any User Submission to use their name or likeness.
5.5 You grant to European Athletics an irrevocable, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, sub-licensable, transferable licence to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display and perform User Submissions in connection with the Website or European Athletics’ (and its successor's) business, including, without limitation, for the purpose of promoting and redistributing part or all of the User Submissions (and derivative works thereof) in any and all media formats and through any and all media channels. You also hereby grant each User of the Website a non-exclusive licence to access and use Your User Submissions through the Website.
5.6 You understand and agree that European Athletics has no obligation to post any User Submission from You or anyone else. In addition, European Athletics may, in its sole discretion, edit, remove or delete any User Submission that You post or submit, as well as terminate Your access to the Website without notice if, in its opinion, such User Submission infringes another's intellectual property rights or otherwise does not comply with any provision of these Terms. In particular, European Athletics reserves the right to determine the final design, layout and functionality of the Website, which may involve the review, formatting and editing of User Submissions.
(iii) Third Party Content
5.7 Your business dealings with, or participation in promotions of, any advertisers and merchants found on or through the Website, including payment for and delivery of related goods or services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between You and such advertiser or merchant. You agree that: (i) European Athletics shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as the result of any such dealings or as the result of the presence of such advertisers or merchants on the Website; and (ii) any orders placed by You on, and any product specifications and product availability appearing on, the Website (including, without limitation, any online store) are subject to confirmation by, and the terms and conditions of business of, the relevant advertiser or merchant.
5.8 Third parties may provide, and the Website may contain, APIs, links or feeds from or to other websites or resources. Because European Athletics has no control over such sites and resources, You acknowledge and agree that European Athletics is not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources, and does not endorse, and is not responsible or liable for, any content available on such sites or resources. You further acknowledge and agree that European Athletics shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to have been caused by or in connection with the use of, or reliance upon, any such content, goods, services or any other material available on or through any such site or resource.
5.9 In the event that You wish to establish a link to the Website, You expressly agree: (i) not to include the Website into the frame of another website; (ii) not to create any third party association with the Website; (iii) to properly attribute the Website referred to in Your link to European Athletics; and  (iv) to ensure that the link does not state nor imply that European Athletics approves of, sponsors or endorses any other website activity, company or entity, or presents European Athletics and/or its activities in a false, misleading, defamatory or derogatory manner or otherwise damages European Athletics’ reputation or takes advantage of it.
Irrespective of the promise made by You to European Athletics in term 5.9 regarding the misappropriation and/or any potential confusion in respect of Third Party Content, the link to the Website does not permit You to use any European Athletics and/or third party content, names, logos, pictures or trademarks, unless separately and previously agreed to in writing by the relevant rights-holder.  If You wish to use European Athletics Marks, please contact our us at media@european-athletics.org.
European Athletics reserves the right to require You to remove any link to the Website.
5.10 If You wish to use or display any European Athletics feeds/APIs on Your website:
(a) European Athletics grants to You a non-transferable, royalty free, non-exclusive licence to display such feeds on Your website subject to these Terms;
(b) You expressly agree: (i) to ensure that the European Athletics feed/API does not state or imply that European Athletics approves of, sponsors or endorses any other website activity, company or entity, or presents European Athletics and/or its activities in a false, misleading, defamatory or derogatory manner or otherwise damages European Athletics’ reputation or takes advantage of it; and (ii) to properly attribute the feeds used to European Athletics to avoid any misappropriation or confusion; and
(c) where possible, You must create a functional link back to the European Athletics story or other material summarised by the relevant European Athletics feed.
6. TRADEMARK AND COPYRIGHT INFORMATION
6.1 European Athletics, the European Athletics logo, the emblems and mascots of European Athletics events, and other European Athletics logos, European Athletics event marks and product and service names are trademarks and copyright material of European Athletics (the "European Athletics Marks"). Aside from the right granted to You under Section 5.10 to use the European Athletics feeds/APIs (which may include certain of the European Athletics Marks), You agree not to display or use the European Athletics Marks in any other manner without European Athletics’ prior written permission
6.2 Certain content on the Website is provided by third parties.  Any copying, re-publication or re-distribution of such content, including by framing or similar means, is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of the relevant right holders. European Athletics or these right holders shall not be liable for any errors or delays in content, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon. Please consult the respective websites of the concerned right holder for additional information.
7. COPYRIGHTS AND COPYRIGHT AGENTS
European Athletics respects the intellectual property of others. If You believe that any of Your intellectual property rights have been infringed on the Website, please contact us at office@european-athletics.org.
8. MODIFICATIONS TO SERVICE
European Athletics reserves the right at any time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Website (or any part thereof) with or without notice. You agree that European Athletics shall not be held liable to You or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Website or Service. Although European Athletics will take reasonable care in ensuring the Content is up to date, any of the Content may be out of date at any given time, and European Athletics is under no obligation to update such Content.
9. PRIVACY POLICY
By using the Website, You or any person You allow to access and use Your account may provide European Athletics with certain personal data, including the Registration Data and certain other information about You. By submitting Your personal information to the Website, You agree to European Athletics’ use of such data in accordance with the European Athletics Privacy Policy set out here ("Privacy Policy").
10. TERMINATION
European Athletics may, in its sole discretion and without liability to You, with or without cause, with or without prior notice and at any time: (i) terminate Your access to the Website in whole or in part; and (ii) deactivate or delete any of Your accounts and all related information and files in such accounts as well as Your User Submissions.
11. DISCLAIMERS
11.1 IF YOU ACCESS AND USE OUR WEBSITE, YOU DO SO AT YOUR SOLE RISK. THE WEBSITE AND ITS CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. EUROPEAN ATHLETICS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS, AND YOU WAIVE, ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
11.2 EUROPEAN ATHLETICS MAKES NO WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION THAT: (i) THE WEBSITE AND ITS CONTENT WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS; (ii) THE WEBSITE, OR ANY FEEDS FROM IT, WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE; (iii) THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE WEBSITE WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE; (iv) THE QUALITY OF ANY SERVICES OR INFORMATION, OR OBTAINED BY YOU THROUGH THE WEBSITE WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS; AND (V) ANY ERRORS IN THE CONTENT WILL BE CORRECTED.
11.3 ANY MATERIAL DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THE WEBSITE, OR ANY FEEDS FROM IT, IS DONE AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK. YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OF ANY SUCH MATERIAL.
11.4 COMMENTARY AND OTHER MATERIALS POSTED ON THE WEBSITE, OR CONTAINED IN ANY FEEDS FROM IT, ARE NOT INTENDED TO AMOUNT TO ADVICE ON WHICH RELIANCE SHOULD BE PLACED. NO INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM EUROPEAN ATHLETICS, OR THROUGH OR FROM THE WEBSITE, SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY OR OTHER OBLIGATION NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THE TERMS AND EUROPEAN ATHLETICS DISCLAIMS ALL LIABILITY AND RESPONSIBILITY ARISING FROM ANY RELIANCE PLACED UPON SUCH MATERIALS BY ANY VISITOR TO THE WEBSITE OR BY ANYONE WHO MAY BE INFORMED OF ANY OF ITS CONTENTS.
12. INDEMNIFICATION
You agree to indemnify and hold European Athletics and its subsidiaries, affiliates, licensors, licensees, officers, agents, co-branders and other partners, and employees, harmless from any and all liabilities, losses, damages, claims, penalties, fines, costs and expenses, including without limitation reasonable legal fees, that may arise in connection with: (i) Your use of and access to the Website, including without limitation any Content, or User Submission, as well as Your connection to the Website; (ii) Your failure to comply with any provision of the Terms; or (iii) any claim by a third party that any of Your User Submissions or any other use of the Website by You infringes any intellectual property, other proprietary or privacy right of such third party or has otherwise caused damage to a third party.
13. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
You expressly acknowledge and agree that European Athletics shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages, including, but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data or other intangible losses (even if European Athletics has been advised of the possibility of such damages), resulting from: (i) the use or the inability to use the Website; (ii) the cost of procurement of substitute services resulting from any data, information or services obtained or messages received or transactions entered into through or from the Website; (iii) unauthorised access to, or alteration of, Your transmissions of data; (iv) statements or conduct of any third party on the Website; (v) results of the Website, any Website linked to it and any materials posted on it; or (vi) any other matter relating to the Website.
You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of, or related to, the use of the Website must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action first arose.
14. EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS
Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential damages. Accordingly, some of the above limitations of sections 12 and 13 may not apply to You.
Nothing in these Terms shall affect the statutory rights of any consumer or exclude or restrict any liability for death or personal injury arising from the negligence or fraud of European Athletics or any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
15. NOTICES
Notices to You will be made via either email or post to the relevant email address or postal address provided by You to European Athletics from time to time.
If We amend these Terms in any way We shall place an updated version on this page of the Website.  The Website may also provide notices of changes to the Terms or other matters by displaying notices or links to notices to You generally on the Website.
16. GENERAL INFORMATION
16.1 These Terms (including the specific terms applicable to certain services) constitute the entire agreement between You and European Athletics in relation to their subject matter, superseding and extinguishing any prior agreements, arrangements, undertakings of any nature, between You and European Athletics, whether oral or written in relation to such subject matter. You may be subject to additional terms and conditions that may apply when You use affiliate services, third-party content or third-party software.
16.2 Any failure by European Athletics to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
16.3 If any provision of the Terms is found to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the parties' intentions, as reflected in the provision, shall be given effect to the fullest extent practicable, and the other provisions of the Terms remain in full force and effect. The section titles in the Terms are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect.
16.4 You may not assign or transfer any of Your rights or obligations, or subcontract the performance of any of Your obligations, under these Terms. European Athletics may assign or transfer any right or obligation, or subcontract the performance of any of its obligations, under these Terms to any third party at any time without Your consent (such consent hereby being given).
16.5 The Terms and the relationship between You and European Athletics shall be governed by the laws of Switzerland. All disputes in connection with these Terms are to be resolved by the courts of the canton Vaud, Switzerland, subject to an appeal to the Swiss Federal Tribunal.
17. VIOLATIONS
Please report any violations of the Terms to European Athletics by contacting us at office@european-athletics.org.
NewsKaramarinov consults IOC over European athlete safeguarding Duplantis contemplates a return to Torun on the road to Tokyo Lewandowski announced as European Indoor Championships event ambassador Lamdassem breaks Spanish record with 2:06:35 in the Valencia Marathon World record-holder Duplantis crowned male World Athlete of the Year
Photo Galleries
Video Galleries
NewsletterStay informed of all the latest news from European Athletics by registering for its weekly newsletter.
Click here to register »
Federation Partner
Official Photographic Agency
Supporting Hotel of European Athletics
Go to top page Events & Meetings CalendarEuropean Athletics ChampionshipsEuropean Athletics Indoor ChampionshipsEuropean Athletics Team ChampionshipsSPAR European Cross Country ChampionshipsAll Events and MeetingsDiscontinued Events European Athletics Quick Links PublicationsEmploymentInternational PartnersArena/ExtranetCompetition RegulationsContact UsNew Headquarters
Honours & Awards SustainabilityEducation ProgrammeCoaching Summit SeriesYoung Leaders CommunityMedical & Anti-Doping Athletes ProfilesDisciplinesAthlete of the MonthGolden TracksData Protection Media AccreditationNewsletter SubscribtionAthletics Literature Archive
Copyright © 2013. All rights reserved www.european-athletics.org - Term and Conditions |
Privacy Policy