https://www.bataviadownsgaming.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Batavia Downs Gaming & Hotel & Hotel understands that personal privacy is of utmost importance and all information you provide is confidential. We may collect your Internet Protocol (IP) Address to monitor the quality of website traffic. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information. No personally identifiable information will be collected unless you specifically provide it to us, in which case we hold that information in strict confidence. The information collected will never be shared with any third party organizations unless ordered by a court of law. Information submitted to us is only available to employees managing this information for purposes of contacting you or sending you emails based on your request for information. Third party vendors, including Google, may use cookies to serve ads on sites across the internet, based on your past visits to our website. We may use this anonymous information for remarketing, to display more relevant ads to you on other websites at a later time. You can opt out of a third party vendor’s use of cookies by visiting the “Network Advertising Initiative Opt-Out Page”.
Third Party Partners
To learn more about working with a Google AdWords Third-Party Partner, please visit this page: Working With Third-Parties
Get Social with Batavia Downs Gaming & Hotel
8315 Park Road
Batavia, NY 14020
585-343-3750
7am–10pm Daily
Must be 18 years of age or older to play video gaming machines or wager on horses. Please play responsibly.
Wagering on horse racing and playing Video Gaming Machines is entertaining and fun when done in a responsible manner. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, please call for 24-hour assistance at 1-877-8 HOPE NY* or click HERE to visit the NY Council on Problem Gambling Support Directory. Click HERE for more information on our Voluntary Self-Exclusion Program. *Standard rates may apply.
©2020 Batavia Downs Gaming & Hotel
All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy