https://www.ausablecanoemarathon.org/privacy-policy/
contact@ausablecanoemarathon.org
2019 Race Results
2019 GPS Tracking Map
2019 Sprint Results
Stats & Records
LOGIN
Privacy Policy
It is the policy of ARICM, Inc. to maintain the privacy and confidentiality of any personal information, such as your name, address, email address, or telephone number that you provide to us.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
ARICM, Inc. is the sole owner of the information collected on this website. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us when you request a quote via this website, or via subsequent email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to your inquiry. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization.
Links to Other Web Sites
www.ausablecanoemarathon.org may or may not contain links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Security
When you submit contact information via the website, we take precautions to protect your information both online and offline. If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should email us immediately.
Copyright
The info and content on this website is copyrighted and intended for the private, personal use of fans and for public publication (media, etc); it is not allowed to be used for commercial purposes without the express written permission of ARICM, Inc.
Last Modified: April 23, 2016
Follow the Marathon
**It Is With Great Sadness That We Announce the Cancellation of the 2020 Consumers Energy AuSable River Canoe Marathon.  Click Here For More Info.**
2019 Sponsors and Partners
Mio
Oscoda/AuSable
Spread the word…
Race History & Past Results
Articles
Privacy Policy
ARICM, Inc. © 2021 All Rights Reserved. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. Hosted by
Beyond Etcetera, LLC
All photos are the property of ARICM, Inc. Homepage photos by Brian Connon and Mark Bialek