https://www.demys.com/other-pages/site-terms-and-conditions/
About
Our people
Domains
Domain management
Domain security
Brand protection
News
Contact
Site terms and conditions
Who we areAbout these terms and conditionsAbout linking by hypertext to our websiteAbout copyright in our websiteAbout trade marks in our websiteAbout the accuracy of the website informationAbout the internet, service interruption, viruses etc.About personal data and our privacy statementAbout our liability to youAbout the law relating to these terms and conditions
Who we are
Demys Limited is an Internet brand consultancy with our principal place of business and registered office at 33 Melville Street, Edinburgh, EH3 7JF. Telephone +44 (0) 131 226 0660. Please remember that throughout these terms when we mention “we”, “us”, “our” etc., we mean Demys Limited. When we refer to “you” we mean the user and/or browser of our website. DEMYS is a UK registered trade mark, nos. 2235341.
About these terms and conditions
You are reading the terms and conditions for use of one of our websites. They make a legally binding contract between us and you. Your acceptance of the terms and conditions is made by your browsing our website and is dated to your first use of the website. If you do not accept the terms and conditions or any part of them you should stop using our website immediately.
We reserve the right to make changes to these terms and conditions from time to time which will take effect from the date of posting on the website. Your continued use of the site will mark your acceptance of any changes to the terms and conditions.
We may from time to time display additional terms and conditions on our website. If the terms and conditions for use of the website should conflict in any way with such additional terms then the additional terms will prevail.
You acknowledge that the website text, price lists, lists of services or other sales literature published on Demys’ web sites constitute an invitation to treat and may not be construed by you as any offer by or binding obligation upon Demys Limited to sell any item or provide any service to you.
About linking by hypertext to our website
Before providing a link to our site you must seek our permission. To do this, email us with details of the URL to which you wish to link and the URL of the page on which you will be displaying the link. We do not permit the display of our web pages in any html frame unless we have expressly authorised this.
About copyright in our website
The images, graphics, text, applets and scripts operating our website (which, collectively, we call “Website Information”) are copyright © Demys Limited. You may view Website Information in a web browser for private browsing purposes only. Copying Website Information into a computer cache or storage device for private on or off-line browsing purposes is also permitted. You may not make a copy of the Website Information or any part of it for any other purpose without our prior written consent, which may be granted at our discretion (or where we do not own the copyright, we will direct you to the owner themselves for such consent). Nothing in these terms and conditions or on our website constitutes a licence to use or copy the Website Information.
Occasionally we may publish images or text in which the copyright is not owned by us. Where this is done, and where practicable, we acknowledge the copyright owner.
About trade marks in our website
Where practicable, we acknowledge the owners of all trade marks which are referred to in our website.
About the accuracy of the website information
The Website Information is provided “as is” and we make no representation, endorsement or warranty as to its accuracy. We will not be liable for any action taken (or not taken) in reliance upon the Website Information and such action is taken entirely at your own risk. We reserve the right to make changes to the Website Information to correct any errors or omissions (or at our discretion) without notice and without liability to you.
External websites to which we provide hypertext links are not under our control and we take no responsibility and shall not be liable in any way for their content.
It is a feature of our website that some of the Website Information is contributed to us by different third parties and we do not control those parties or their information. Opinions expressed within the Website Information are those of the authors and do not necessarily represent our opinions.
In the unlikely event that you find any inaccurate information on our website or have any complaint about what we have published please email us. We will investigate on receipt and take such action which we, in our sole discretion, determine as being appropriate having regard to all the circumstances.
About the internet, service interruption, viruses etc.
We and all other web publishers have no control over the Internet, which is a global public network of computers and the method by which you access our website. As a consequence and in common with most web publishers we take no responsibility for service interruption or the transmission of viruses or other malicious computer code through our website.
About personal data and our privacy statement
Upon registration with our website and where appropriate, we collect and hold your name, address, email address and similar information, which collectively we call “Personal Data”.
We undertake to maintain your privacy within the framework of the law and in accordance with our privacy statement, which should be read as an integral part of this agreement.
About our liability to you
Nothing in our website constitutes e-business advice or should be taken by you as a substitute for a formal consultation with a suitably qualified professional. So far as lawfully possible, we exclude all liability to you in contract or delict (negligence) (other than negligence by us which gives rise to personal injury or death). We also exclude liability for any consequential or indirect loss which may be caused to you by us.
About the law relating to these terms and conditions
We are situated in Scotland and the law of Scotland shall govern any interpretation of these terms and conditions. The Scottish Courts shall have jurisdiction in any disputes between us.
Comments are closed.
Contact usDemys Limited
(a Com Laude Group company)
15 William Street
South West Lane
Edinburgh
EH3 7LL
United Kingdom
+44 131 2260660
info@comlaude.comUseful linksSite terms and conditions
Domain name terms and conditions
Privacy statement
Resolving concerns
Domain abuse reporting
WHOIS
Demys Limited is registered in Scotland - SC197176
DEMYS is a UK registered trade mark - 2235341
VAT registration number - GB 743 2685 24