https://www.iubenda.com/privacy-policy/30710801
Privacy Policy of EHF - European Handball Federation
This Website collects some Personal Data from its Users.
Personal Data collected for the following purposes and using the following services:
Access to third-party accounts
Facebook account access
Permissions: Access private data; Access Requests; Contact email
Advertising
Oracle Marketing Cloud
Personal Data: Cookies; Usage Data
Analytics
Google Analytics with anonymized IP
Personal Data: Cookies; Usage Data
Contacting the User
Mailing list or newsletter
Personal Data: Cookies; email address; Usage Data
Displaying content from external platforms
Google Fonts
Personal Data: Usage Data; various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service
Interaction with external social networks and platforms
Twitter Tweet button and social widgets and LinkedIn button and social widgets
Personal Data: Cookies; Usage Data
Remarketing and behavioral targeting
Oracle BlueKai (DMP)
Personal Data: Cookies; Usage Data
Further information about Personal Data
For What Other Purposes Do We Process Your Personal Data?
•	for registering for an account, then we process the data required to open that account (if you register using EHF Media Portal or EHF Media Accreditation Portal), to allow your registration and management of your account;•	for providing you with our services such as newsletter or accreditation service;•	for providing you with our statistics services such as player information as well as player, team or match statistics and various summaries;
To Whom Do We Disclose and Transfer Your Personal Data?
We may disclose your personal data to the following recipients or categories of recipients acting on our behalf and/or as partners (processors), limited to the purpose of the execution of their obligations, which are contractually bound to adhere to an adequate level of data protection when processing your personal data:•	EOSData Systems GmbH, Nelkengasse 6/2/11, 1060 Vienna, Austria, partner of the EHF in the field of IT solution, infrastructure, development, support and database management.•	DAZN Media Channels Limited (“DAZN”,) a company registered in England and Wales under company number 5645564 and has its registered office at Hanover House, Plane Tree Crescent, Feltham, Middlesex, TW13 7BZWe may disclose your personal data if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of EHF, our customers, or others. This website may contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that they have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Contact information
Owner and Data Controller
European Handball Federation Hoffingergasse 18
1120 Vienna
Austria
Who is EHF?
Europäische Handball Föderation, also trading under its English name European Handball Federation, short “EHF” is a non-profit organisation registered under the laws of Austria (register number in the Austrian register of associations: ZVR 263489108). It is an independent legal entity and one of the continental federations that comprise the International Handball Federation. It aims at the continued development and promotion of handball. The EHF administers and organizes competitions, for which revenues are generated in order to be redistributed either directly to its national federations and clubs or indirectly through solidarity mechanisms and development/educational programs.
What Personal Data Do We Collect?
When using EHF services, we may collect any information in which the services user can be identified. You can find below the personal data which we collect automatically, the personal data which is provided to us and the personal data which is collected from other sources.
Such personal data may consist of:
•	contact information (such as name and email address);
•	username and password;
•	favourite teams;
•	player info (such as name, photo, weight, height) and statistics;
•	photographs, comments and other content you provide on third party social networks;
•	information we may obtain from our third-party service providers; and
•	metadata, for example details of your visits to the website, such as browser information, session data, preferences, settings, weblogs and other communication data, which we monitor during your interaction with the website.
Owner contact email: privacy@eurohandball.com
Latest update: July 21, 2020
iubenda hosts this content and only collects the Personal Data strictly necessary for it to be provided.
Show the complete Privacy Policy