http://www.gortgolf.com/privacy-policy/
Gort Golf Club Homepage
+353 (0)91 632244
|
info@gortgolf.com
Visitors Tee Booking
Members Tee Booking
HomeOur ClubOur CourseVisitorsBook Tee TimesLocationContact Us
Excellent Course with Stunning Views
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy refers to the website, www.gortgolf.com .  This Privacy Policy sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you or that you provide to us, will be processed by us.
Please read the following carefully. Entering into this website indicates that the user has reviewed this Privacy Policy and has agreed to be bound by it as well as our Terms of Use. If you do not agree to these terms you must leave the Website immediately.
What information do we collect?
We fully respect your right to privacy in relation to your interactions with the Website and endeavour to guarantee to be transparent in our dealings with you as to what information we will collect and how we will use your information. Also, we only collect and use individual user details where we have legitimate business reasons, and where we are legally entitled to do so. Information in relation to personal data collected by Irish entities is available on www.dataprotection.ie, the website of the Irish Data Protection Commissioner.
How do we collect information from you?
IP Addresses
We collect IP addresses from visitors to our Website (an IP address is a number that can uniquely identify a specific computer or other network device on the internet). This allows us to identify the location of users, to block disruptive use and to establish the number of visits from different countries. We analyse this data for trend and statistics reasons, such as which parts of our Website users are visiting and how long they spend there.
Cookies
We collate information on all our Website traffic that is represented in aggregate format through cookies. We use third parties such as Google Analytics to collect user information, including through the use of cookies (flash and non-flash) and web beacons. They help us to improve our Website and to deliver many of the functions that make your browser experience more user friendly.
Last updated April 2015
Contact DetailsCastlequarter, Gort, Co. Galway, H91 TY36 , IrelandPh: +353 (0)91 632244Email: info@gortgolf.com
Course Updatecourse open
Course Updatecourse open
Events Calendar
Contact Us
Castlequarter, Gort, Co. Galway, H91 TY36 , Ireland
Tel: +353 (0)91 632244
Email: info@gortgolf.com
Quick Links
Home
Our Club
Our Course
Visitors
Book Tee Times
Location
Contact Us
Legal
Terms & Conditions
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Useful Links
Golf Union of Ireland
Irish Ladies Golf Union
Weather
Site by [ Attik  Designs ] Site by [ Attik Designs ]