http://www.dotster.com/legal/
Login
Webmail
Chat
Sales: 800-401-5250
Dotster
Domains
Website Builder
Email
Web Hosting
Security
Terms of Service
User Agreement
Acceptable Use Policy
Domain Registration Agreement
Domain Registration Reseller Agreement
Anti-Spam Policy
Privacy Notice
Trademark Disputes for Domain Names
Data Request Policy
Microsoft Customer Agreement
Digital Millennium Copyright Act
Professional Services Agreement
Affiliate Agreement
Referral Program Agreement
Report Member Violations
Dotster's Terms of Service
User Agreement
All direct Customers of Dotster's basic services are subject to the terms and conditions contained in the User Agreement. The User Agreement is a legal contract between Dotster and the User that contains the rights, duties and obligations of Dotster and the User.
Acceptable Use Policy
Dotster's Usage Policy is designed to protect Dotster, its Users and others from illegal, malicious, damaging and inappropriate behavior by Users of Dotster's services. All users of Dotster's services are subject to the Usage Policy. The Usage Policy lists activities that are prohibited on Dotster's services, such as hacking and spamming.
Domain Registration Agreement
Dotster's Domain Policy requires that all registrants adhere to certain terms and conditions. As an organization or individual applying to register, transfer or renew a domain name.
Domain Registration Reseller Agreement
All resellers that resell our domain registration services are required to adhere to the Domain Registration Reseller Agreement.
Anti-Spam Policy
In our ongoing commitment to providing superior service for our customers, Dotster has introduced a new, more vigilant anti-spam policy. We have implemented the following policy as a part of our commitment to reducing spam related activity.
Privacy Notice
Dotster's Privacy Notice covers treatment of information that Dotster may collect from users of its products and services and from visitors to the Dotster site.
Trademark Disputes for Domain Names
Data Request Policy
Microsoft Customer Agreement
Digital Millennium Copyright Act
Professional Services Agreement
Affiliate Agreement
Referral Program Agreement
Report Member Violations
Registrants' Benefits and Responsibilities
Registrant Educational Information
Domain Name Renewal Notification Policy
Transfer Policy
Uniform Domain-Name Dispute-Resolution Policy (UDRP)
Uniform Rapid Suspension (URS)
Registrar Information
This file was last modified on September 24, 2020.
GET ONLINE
Domain Names
Web Hosting
Wesbite Builder
Office 365
G Suite
WHOIS Lookup
ONLINE SECURITY
SSL Certificates
Domain Privacy + Protection
SiteLock Security
CORPORATE
About Us
Contact Us
CUSTOMERS
Support
Account Login
SOCIAL MEDIA
Facebook
Twitter
© Copyright  dotster. All rights reserved.
Terms of Service
Registration Agreement
Privacy
Sitemap
Do Not Sell My Personal Information