http://www.star-reading.org/personal-data-privacy-and-cookies
Madejski Stadium, Behind East Standinfo@star-reading.org
Join STAR Today
Personal Data, Privacy and Cookies
Home
Personal Data, Privacy and Cookies
Visitors to our website
When someone visits our website we collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. We collect this information in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any personally identifying information from any source. If we do want to collect personally identifiable information through our website, we will be up front about this. We will make it clear when we collect personal information and will explain what we intend to do with it.
Use of cookies by our website
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site.
The table below explains the cookies we use and why.
Cookie
Name
Purpose
More information
Google Analytics
_utma
_utmb
_utmc
_utmz
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.
Click here for an overview of privacy at Google
STAR EU Cookie Compliance
eu-opt-in=1
This cookie is used when a visitor agrees to our use of cookies. It allows us to check whether or not to display the Cookies information pop up.
This cookie expires after 12 months.
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
The STAR Personal Data Privacy Policy
STAR treats the privacy of members and website viewers very seriously and we take appropriate security measures to protect your privacy.  This privacy policy explains how we collect, manage and protect your personal data during your STAR membership.
Personal data means any information relating to an identifiable person (e.g. first and last name, address or email) that may be used directly or indirectly to identify and individual.
How we obtain your personal data
You provide us your personal data during membership renewal and any subsequent interaction during the membership year and subsequent three-month renewal period.
We do not seek or secure any additional information from other sources.
How we use your personal data
We use your personal data to manage your membership, including communicating relevant information to you (Event Information, STAR Bulletins, Membership Information) during the membership year.  We undertake to protect your data and take reasonable measure to protect your personal data in storage.
We do not share or use your personal data for marketing purposes.
We share your Reading FC Customer Number, Name and post code with Reading FC in order to secure your 20 bonus Loyalty Points. Reading FC already hold this data, subject to the Reading FC Privacy Policy between you and them.  Reading FC do not make any further use of the data shared by STAR.
Information about cookies
A cookie is a small text file on your browser (e.g. Google Chrome).  The management of cookies is explained above.
Providing your personal data to others
STAR uses three third party systems (not relevant to all members) in managing your STAR membership:
MailChimp (used for STAR Bulletins and other email communication).  MailChimp have updated their privacy policy to bring it line with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).  Mailchimp uses servers located in the United States (and so personal data is transferred outside the EU) but takes steps to protect your privacy in line with the GDPR.
Paypal (used for online membership and online shop payments).  Paypal transactions are subject to the Paypal Privacy Policy, which has recently been amended to bring it line with the General Data Protection Regulation.
ECWID (online shop used for pilot online travel booking). Ecwid has followed GDPR guidelines on data collection, storage, processing and sharing personal data. They have many customers in Europe, and they work hard to meet all legal requirements. Ecwid uses secure data servers based in Europe, and all sensitive data is transferred via secure HTTPS protocol.
How long do we keep information?
We keep your information as follows:
During and up to 3 months after the current membership year expires (i.e. to the end of September) for communicating relevant information to you (Event Information, STAR Bulletins, Membership Information).
For a full 12 months after the current membership year, solely for processing membership renewals.
If you formally agree on the membership form/renewal (“To continue receiving communication from us after this year’s membership expires tick here”), for 24 months after the current membership year expires for communicating relevant information to you (Event Information, STAR Bulletins, Membership Information).
International transfers of your personal data
We do not currently transfer your data outside the EEA, except for your email address, which our email service provider MailChimp as described above, hosts in the USA.  If this changes we will update you and this policy.
Data subject rights
Subject access requests
GDPR grants you permission to access the personal data we hold on you.
Right to rectification
You have the right to have any inaccurate person data, rectified, without undue delay.
Right to erasure
You have the right to have your data erased, without undue delay.
Right to restriction of processing
You have the right to restrict processing of your data, without undue delay.
Notification obligation regarding rectification or erasure of personal data or restriction of processing
We shall secure, where possible, confirmation from all related parties of any requested rectification, erasure or restriction of your personal data.
Right to data portability
You have the right to receive your data in a commonly used and Machine-Readable format.
Right to object
You have the right to object to the processing of personal data concerning you.   The services we provide to you, may be limited from this action.
Right to not be subject of decisions based on automated processing
We do not carry out any automated processing of your personal data.
Important Information
Questions, queries and complaints.
If you have any questions, queries or complaints on this policy, or the personal data that we hold, please email us at onlinemembership@star-reading.org
Policy Changes
This policy will be reviewed annually and will be updated on this website. A copy can be downloaded from our STAR Policies page. In addition, the latest version will be provided at the start of every new membership year.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.