http://www.bryanpark.com/website_privacy_policy
Website Privacy Policy
Last Updated dateCHANGE
Your privacy is important to us, and we take it seriously. We provide this Privacy Policy to explain how golfcoursenameCHANGE (“we,” “us,” or “our”) collect, use, and disclose your information.
What Does This Policy Cover?
This Privacy Policy applies to websiteURL (our “Website”), that relate to operations of golfcoursenameCHANGE (our “Services”). This Privacy Policy does not apply to other websites we may operate that are related to other developments or projects.
This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect from or about users of our Website or Services, including visitors who use our Websites to reserve tee times. When online bookings or reservations require us to collect additional information offline or via email (for example, through a written rental agreement), this Privacy Policy also applies to that information.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the information practices of any third-party whose website may be accessible through our Websites, or to any third-party websites on which we advertise.
What Information Do We Collect?
Information You Provide To Us
We collect information you provide directly to us, such as when you fill out a form, send us an email, or request information. The types of information we collect may include your name, contact information (email address and phone number), payment card information, and information about your visit to golfcoursenameCHANGE.
Information We Collect Automatically
You can browse our Website without telling us who you are or revealing your personally identifying information. Like most websites, however, we collect usage information automatically from all visitors to our Websites. Usage information may include your IP address or other unique device identifier, web browser and operating system; the date and time of your visit; the pages from which you navigate to and from our Websites or the search terms that lead you to our Websites; and the pages on our Websites you visit and how long you spend on each one.
Information Collected by Third Parties
As you navigate our Websites, please be aware that third parties may be able to gather information from and about you. For example, companies offering services or products through links to our site may use “cookies” to collect and use information about you and may collect information that you submit. In these cases, those third parties will use such information in accordance with their own privacy policies, which may differ substantially from our policy.
How do we use your personal information?
We will not sell or rent your personal information to anyone. However, we may use information that you provide to us or that we collect automatically for various purposes, including:
To administer, operate, and improve our Website and Services;
To respond to an email, inquiry, or request sent by you;
To process a transaction, such as a tee time or other reservation;
To communicate with you, and to provide you with information you request or that we think may be of interest to you. You may opt out of such communications at any time by following the instructions in each communication;
To enable trusted third parties to provide products or services on your behalf or that you have requested. Unless we tell you differently, these companies may only use the personal information we provide to them as necessary to assist us, unless they have your consent;
To prevent fraud and to ensure the safety and security of our Website;
To comply with applicable legal obligations, such as responding to a subpoena or a court order, or to protect our rights.
In addition, information about our users, including personal information, may be disclosed as part of any merger, acquisition, debt financing, sale of company assets, or similar transaction, as well as in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership, in which personal information could be transferred to third parties as one of our business assets.
We may share aggregated, non-personally identifiable information about our users for a variety of purposes, including marketing and promotions. However, in these situations, we do not disclose any information that could be used to identify you personally.
Children’s Information
Our Website is not directed to children under the age of 16 and we do not knowingly collect, use, or disclose personal information from children under the age of 16, either directly or via any other website or online service. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 16 has provided personal information to us, please contact us and we will endeavor to delete that information from our databases.
Cookies
We use “cookies” and similar technologies (such as web beacons and pixels) on our website. A cookie is a small data file that is placed on your computer when you access our website. We use cookies to improve your access to our website (for example, by storing your username so you can log in more easily), and to allow you to share website content with social media platforms like Facebook, Instagram, or Twitter. Cookies also enable us to track and target the interests of visitors to our Website, so that we can provide more customized content. Cookies can also be used to collect general usage and aggregated statistical information. Most browsers can be set to detect cookies and give you an opportunity to reject them, but refusing cookies may, in some cases, inhibit or preclude your use of the Site or its features. You can learn more about cookies at www.allaboutcookies.org.
To read our complete Cookie Policy, please click here.
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to collect information such as how often users visit our Website, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other sites they used prior to coming to our Site. We use this infor­mation to improve our site. Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit our site, rather than your name or other identifying information. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable infor­mation. Although Google Analytics plants a permanent cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit our Websites, the cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to our site is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use. To opt-out of being tracked by Google Analytics, visit the Google Analytics opt-out page.
Links to Other Websites
Our Website may contain links to other websites that we do not operate or control. For example, to help generate interest in our Websites and Services, our Websites may offer you the opportunity to share information via social media platforms like Facebook, Twitter, or Instagram. Please be aware that this policy does not apply to any such third-party website. will not apply to your activities or any information you disclose while using third-party products or services or otherwise interacting with third parties.
Residents of California
Under California Civil Code §§ 1798.83-1798.84, once per calendar year California residents who provide personal information in obtaining products or services for personal, family or household use are entitled to request information about the personal information we shared, if any, with other businesses for marketing uses. If applicable, this information would include the categories of personal information and the names and addresses of those businesses with which we shared such personal information for the immediately prior calendar year. To obtain this information please write to us at: golfcoursenameCHANGE, contactweb and addressweb
“Do Not Track” Signals
“Do Not Track” is a setting available in most web browsers setting that asks a web application disable its tracking of an individual user. There is currently no consensus yet on how companies should respond to Do Not Track signals. At this time, we do not respond to Do Not Track signals. You can learn more about Do Not Track by visiting https://allaboutdnt.com.
How do we keep your information secure?
We have adopted reasonable and appropriate physical and electronic safeguards to protect your personal information by preventing unauthorized access, maintaining data accuracy, and ensuring the correct use of information. Among other things, we use the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol, which encrypts any personal information you provide to us by scrambling it before it is sent to us from your computer. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot warrant the security of any information you transmit to us.
How do I correct my information or “opt-out”?
Please assist us in keeping your information current by notifying us of changes to your name, address, title, phone number or email address. You may correct your personal information or opt out of future communications from us (i.e., mailings, calls, etc.) by sending a request to privacy@websiteCHANGE. We will use our best efforts to remove your personal information from our systems within 30 days of your request; however, we cannot promise to remove you from any list or database we don’t control.
Information for EU and Swiss Residents
Our principal place of business is in the United States. By using our Website or Services, you expressly consent to your information being processed in the United States.
Our Legal Basis for Processing
Generally, we rely on our legitimate interests in order to process your personal information. For example, we rely on this legal ground if we use your personal information to manage and administer our relationship with you; to deliver and improve our Website and Services; to personalize your experience on our Websites; and, when necessary, to protect or defend our or another’s rights or property, or to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, safety or privacy issues. In addition, there may be situations where other grounds for processing may exist, such as when you consent to our processing your personal information to complete a transaction.
Your Rights
Right of Access/Portability: You can ask to review details about the information we hold about you and how that information has been used and disclosed. Note that we may request to verify your identification before fulfilling your request. You can also request that your personal information is provided to you in a commonly used electronic format so that you can share it with other organizations.
Right to Correct Information: You may ask that we make corrections to any information we hold, if you believe such correction to be necessary.
Right to Restrict Processing or to Request Erasure of Information: You also have the right in certain circumstances to ask us to restrict processing of your personal information or to erase your personal information. Where you have consented to our use of your personal information, you can withdraw your consent at any time.
You can make a request to exercise any of these rights by emailing us at [email address] or by writing to us at the address provided under “Contact Us.”
Changes to this Policy
We may occasionally update this Policy. When we do, we will also revise the “last updated” date at the beginning of the Policy. By continuing to use our Websites after such updates, you are agreeing to the terms of the then-current Policy. We encourage you to periodically review this Policy to stay informed about how we collect, use, and disclose personal information.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy or our data collection practices, please contact us as follows:
golfcoursenameCHANGE
addressCHANGE
phoneCHANGE
contactemailCHANGE
Bryan Park Amenity LinksHistory
Joseph Bryan
Bryan Park Information Golf Shop:
(336) 375-2200
Golf Outings: (336) 375-2200
Conference Center: (336) 375-2222
Weddings & Special Events:
(336) 375-2222
6275 Bryan Park Road
Greensboro, NC 27214
Tee Times: (336) 375-2200
Fax: (336) 375-8557
Special Events: (336) 375-2222
Bryan Park Golf & Conference Center
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok