http://www.superleague.co.uk/cookie-policy
Cookie Policy
This website www.superleague.co.uk (“Our Site”) uses Cookies and similar technologies in order to distinguish you from other users. By using Cookies, We are able to provide you with a better experience and to improve Our Site by better understanding how you use it. Please read this Cookie Policy carefully and ensure that you understand it. Your acceptance of Our Cookie Policy is deemed to occur if you continue using Our Site OR when you press the “I Accept Cookies” button on Our Cookie pop-up. If you do not agree to Our Cookie Policy, please stop using Our Site immediately.
1. DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION
1.1 In this Cookie Policy, unless the context otherwise requires, the following expressions have the following meanings:
“Cookie” - means a small file placed on your computer or device by Our Site when you visit certain parts of Our Site and/or when you use certain features of Our Site;“Cookie Law” - means the relevant parts of the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003 and of EU Regulation 2016/679 General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”);“personal data” - means any and all data that relates to an identifiable person who can be directly or indirectly identified from that data, as defined by EU Regulation 2016/679 General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”); and“We/Us/Our” - Means Super League (Europe) Ltd, a limited company registered in England under company number 3845473, whose registered address is Fourways House, 57 Hilton Street, Manchester, M1 2EJ
2. INFORMATION ABOUT US
2.1 Our Site is owned and operated by Super League (Europe) Ltd, a limited company registered in England under company number 3845473, whose registered address is Fourways House, 57 Hilton Street, Manchester, M1 2EJ. Our VAT number is 168 8110 49
2.2 If you have a query relating to Data Protection, please email at enquires@superleague.co.uk, or by post to Super League, 4th Floor, Fourways House, 57 Hilton Street, Manchester, M1 2EJ
3. HOW DOES OUR SITE USE COOKIES?
3.1 Our Site may place and access certain first party Cookies on your computer or device. First party Cookies are those placed directly by Us and are used only by Us. We use Cookies to facilitate and improve your experience of Our Site and to provide and improve Our products and services. We have carefully chosen these Cookies and have taken steps to ensure that your privacy and personal data is protected and respected at all times.
3.2 By using Our Site, you may also receive certain third party Cookies on your computer or device. Third party Cookies are those placed by websites, services, and/or parties other than Us. Third party Cookies are used on Our Site for advertising services. For more details, please refer to section 4 below.
3.3 All Cookies used by and on Our Site are used in accordance with current Cookie Law. We may use some or all of the following types of Cookie:3.3.1 Strictly Necessary CookiesA Cookie falls into this category if it is essential to the operation of Our Site, supporting functions such as logging in, your shopping basket, and payment transactions.
3.3.2 Analytics CookiesIt is important for Us to understand how you use Our Site, for example, how efficiently you are able to navigate around it, and what features you use. Analytics Cookies enable us to gather this information, helping Us to improve Our Site and your experience of it.
3.3.3 Functionality CookiesFunctionality Cookies enable Us to provide additional functions to you on Our Site such as personalisation and remembering your saved preferences. Some functionality Cookies may also be strictly necessary Cookies, but not all necessarily fall into that category.
3.3.4 Targeting CookiesIt is important for Us to know when and how often you visit Our Site, and which parts of it you have used (including which pages you have visited and which links you have visited). As with analytics Cookies, this information helps us to better understand you and, in turn, to make Our Site and advertising more relevant to your interests. [Some information gathered by targeting Cookies may also be shared with third parties.
3.3.5 Third Party CookiesThird party Cookies are not placed by Us; instead, they are placed by third parties that provide services to Us and/or to you. Third party Cookies may be used by advertising services to serve up tailored advertising to you on Our Site, or by third parties providing analytics services to Us (these Cookies will work in the same way as analytics Cookies described above).
3.3.6 Persistent CookiesAny of the above types of Cookie may be a persistent Cookie. Persistent Cookies are those which remain on your computer or device for a predetermined period and are activated each time you visit Our Site.
3.3.7 Session CookiesAny of the above types of Cookie may be a session Cookie. Session Cookies are temporary and only remain on your computer or device from the point at which you visit Our Site until you close your browser. Session Cookies are deleted when you close your browser.
3.4 For more details of the personal data that We collect and use, the measures we have in place to protect personal data, your legal rights, and our legal obligations, please refer to our Privacy Policy.
3.5 For more specific details of the Cookies that We use, please refer to the table below.
4. WHAT COOKIES DOES OUR SITE USE?
Name of Cookie Purpose Provider_ga, _gid, CONSENT, 1P_JAR, IDE, NID These are used for analytics and tracking purposes on Google Anayltics and Ad Manager Google.com_twitter_sess, eu_cn These cookies are used to deliver adverts more relevant to you and your interests twitter.comdextp, dpm These cookies are used to deliver adverts more relevant to you and your interests demdex.net
5. CONSENT AND CONTROL
5.1 Before Cookies are placed on your computer or device, you will be shown a pop-up requesting your consent to set those Cookies. By giving your consent to the placing of Cookies you are enabling Us to provide the best possible experience and service to you. You may, if you wish, deny consent to the placing of Cookies (unless those Cookies are strictly necessary); however certain features of Our Site may not function fully or as intended.
5.2 In addition to the controls that We provide, you can choose to enable or disable Cookies in your internet browser. Most internet browsers also enable you to choose whether you wish to disable all Cookies or only third-party Cookies. By default, most internet browsers accept Cookies but this can be changed. For further details, please consult the help menu in your internet browser or the documentation that came with your device.
6. CHANGES TO THE POLICY
6.1 We may alter this Cookie Policy at any time. Any such changes will become binding on you on your first use of Our Site after the changes have been made. You are therefore advised to check this page from time to time.
6.2 In the event of any conflict between the current version of this Cookie Policy and any previous version(s), the provisions current and in effect shall prevail unless it is expressly stated otherwise.
7. FURTHER INFORMATION
7.1 If you would like to know more about how We use Cookies, please contact Us at enquiries@superleague.co.uk, or by post at Super League (Europe) Ltd, 4th Floor Fourways House, 57 Hilton Street, Manchester, M1 2EJ.
7.2 For more information about privacy, data protection and our terms and conditions, please visit the following:
7.2.1 Privacy Policy;7.2.2 Terms and Conditions
Partners
Home
Match Centre
Fixtures
Results
League Table
Clubs
News
Video
Play-off Structure
Podcast
Stats
Player Stats
Club Stats
History & Heritage
Previous Winners
Man of steel
Overview
Leaderboard
The Panel
Previous Winners
Fantasy Super League
Join Our League
Get Involved
Coach
Play
Match Officials
Careers