http://www.frisostudfriesianhorses.com/privacy-policy/
Home »
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which laser path tech collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users of HTTP://WWW.FRISOSTUDFRIESIANHORSES.COM
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
HTTP://WWW.FRISOSTUDFRIESIANHORSES.COM may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
To run and operate our Site
We may need your information display content on the Site correctly.
To improve customer service
Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
To send periodic emails
We may use the email address to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
Third party websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.
Changes to this privacy policy
HTTP://WWW.FRISOSTUDFRIESIANHORSES.COM has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will post a notification on the main page of our Site, revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Recent Posts
Making Choices Out of the Different Solar Panels
How Important is Professional Piano Moving Service?
When to Replace your Air Conditioning System
Signs of Bed Bugs Infestation in Your Home
Search for:
Recent Comments
Friso Stud Friesian HorsesMaking Choices Out of the Different Solar Panels April 8, 2020Solar energy can be the best option now of many people as it can give the very nice and excellent ways to those people who are having a hard time to get their own electricity due to the distance or they pay too much to the electric company every month. You need to remember now […] secure_adminHow Important is Professional Piano Moving Service?  May 22, 2018When you want to move your piano to a new location, it is highly advised that you hire a professional and experienced piano moving company to do it. This is because the professionals know how to handle, wrap, and transport your piano in a safe and correct manner. Thus, for your next move, always make […] secure_adminWhen to Replace your Air Conditioning System  May 19, 2018  Air conditioning systems are a vital part of a comfy life. Unluckily, they are not developed to last for hundreds of years. However, you could take measures to save money for your AC systems replacement before you face the actual emergency if you could sport signs that it is on its last leg.     […] secure_adminSigns of Bed Bugs Infestation in Your Home  May 18, 2018Basically, bed bugs are considered as some of the most disgusting and frustrating pests ever existed. They are also versatile due to the fact that they are natural travelers and they can spread easily through clothing as well as luggage to new offices, homes, airplanes, hotels, and even retail stores.     So, in this post, […] secure_admin Archives
April 2020
May 2018
Categories
Air Conditioning System
Bed Bugs Infestation
Piano Moving Service
Solar Panel