https://www.horsetalk.co.nz/contact/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
ShareWhat information do we collect?
We do not collect information from you when you visit our website.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Advertising
Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Users may opt out of the use of Google’s DoubleClick cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting Ads Settings.
This website also uses Page Fair advertising, which means that certain acceptable ads may be shown to you, even if you use an adblock browser extension. We have taken this step to protect our ability to continue to fund the operation of this website.
We know that most people install adblock because of websites with annoying advertising that makes it hard for you to access content. We are trying hard to ensure that we don’t fall in this category.
If you still object to these ads, you can choose to opt out of receiving them by clicking on the options in the top right-hand corner of any PageFair ad on this site. We only ask (assuming you enjoy this website) that you consider your decision carefully.
Pages on this site may contain affiliate links, meaning that the site receives a commission if you decide to make a purchase.
What do we use your information for?
The information we collect from you may be used in the following way:
To send periodic emails;
The email address you provide may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to the site, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions on each email.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.
Do we use cookies?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We use cookies to keep track of advertisements and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
» Read more about our Cookie Policy
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety.
Third-party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. This may include affiliate links. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We, therefore, have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Forms downloads
We collect information about you during the checkout process on our store. This information may include, but is not limited to, your name, billing address, shipping address, email address, phone number, credit card/payment details and any other details that might be requested from you for the purpose of processing your orders.
Handling this data also allows us to:
– Send you important account/order/service information.
– Respond to your queries, refund requests, or complaints.
– Process payments and to prevent fraudulent transactions. We do this on the basis of our legitimate business interests.
– Set up and administer your account, provide technical and/or customer support, and to verify your identity.
Additionally, we may also collect the following information:
– Location and traffic data (including IP address and browser type) if you place an order, or if we need to estimate taxes and shipping costs based on your location.
Akismet
We collect information about visitors who comment on Sites that use our Akismet anti-spam service. The information we collect depends on how the User sets up Akismet for the Site, but typically includes the commenter’s IP address, user agent, referrer, and Site URL (along with other information directly provided by the commenter such as their name, username, email address, and the comment itself).
GDPR Compliance (General Data Protection Regulation)
GDPR stands for General Data Protection Regulation and is intended to strengthen and unify data protection for all individuals within the European Union. Its primary aim is to give control back to the EU residents over their personal data.
You can request to have your data deleted from this website.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our website privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on December 8, 2020.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us.
Google Search
Affiliate disclaimer
From HorseWeb: Oldenburgs, Texas, Horses for Sale
STUD SITES
Aurora Pure Crabbets
Gerzanne Arabians
Vollrath Hanoverians
ORGANISATIONS
NZ Connemara Soc.
NZ Farriers Assn.
NZ Hanoverian Soc.
Irish Draught Horse Soc.
Advertising Options
Affiliate disclaimer
HOME SITES
Bryant Farrier Ltd
The Pole Man
Naturally Equine
Roddy Wood Polo
Popular Latest
Today
Week
Month
All
Horses more relaxed hanging with their human besties - study
Why did horses die out in North America?
"Am I too fat to ride a horse?"
Blink rate a simple, cost-free way of measuring acute stress in horses, say researchers
Equine Protozoal Myeloencephalitis (EPM): The signs and treatment
Donkey genomes provide insights into their ancestral past
Cover story: Why winter rugging your horse isn’t always a good idea
Equestrian center takes next step in equine assisted education
Blink rate a simple, cost-free way of measuring acute stress in horses, say researchers
Horses more relaxed hanging with their human besties – study
Affiliate disclaimer
'.$_hw_title.'';
}
?>
From HorseWeb: , , Horses for Sale