http://www.seahawks.com/about/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Advertising
Seattle Seahawks Privacy Policy
Effective Date/Last Updated: July 24, 2020
The Seattle Seahawks organization, Lumen Field, Lumen Field Event Center and Washington Music Theater ("Seattle Seahawks," "we," "our," "us") respect your privacy and value your trust and confidence. This Privacy Policy (the "Privacy Policy") describes how we collect, use, and disclose personal information through our websites, mobile applications, and online services that link to or post this Privacy Policy (collectively "Online Services"), as well as in-person services, product and service offerings, and any other interactions with us (collectively "Services").
By using the Services, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy. Please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to any information that is collected or obtained through sites or services that do not link to this Privacy Policy (including the Pro Shop) or information collected by the NFL or the other NFL member clubs.
Contents
Information Collection
Use of Information
Sharing of Information
Social Networking Services
Links To Other Websites
Security
Children's Privacy
Changes To This Privacy Policy
Access and Choice
Data Retention
California Privacy Act Disclosures
internationalusers
Contact us
1. Information Collection
While you generally are not required to provide information about yourself when you use the Services, we may ask you for some or all of the following categories of information when you use the Services, including but not limited to when you purchase tickets, attend games or events at our venues, register to use the Online Services, sign up for contests or sweepstakes, participate in surveys, access various content or features, submit comments or content, or directly contact us with questions or feedback:
Contact information, such as name, e-mail address, postal address, and telephone number;
Unique identifiers, such as a username or password;
Demographic information, such as gender or age;
Commercial information, such as purchase history;
Financial information, such as credit card or other payment information;
Geolocation information;
Visual information, such as security videos;
Internet or other electronic activity information, including search queries;
Communication preferences and inferences about your preferences and characteristics;
Comments and other information posted on our online webforms or in-person forms;
Correspondence and other information that you send to us; and
Additional information as otherwise described to you at the point of collection or pursuant to your consent.
We also may collect certain information automatically when you use our Online Services, including:
Your Internet Protocol (IP) address;
Other unique identifiers, including mobile device identification numbers;
Your browser type and operating system;
Sites you visited before and after visiting the Services;
Pages you view and links you click on within the Services;
Information collected through cookies, web beacons, local shared objects, and other technologies;
Information about your interactions with e-mail messages, such as the links clicked on and whether the messages were received, opened, or forwarded; and
Standard Server Log Information.
We may use cookies, pixel tags and similar technologies to automatically collect this information. Cookies are small bits of code that are stored by your computer's web browser and that may automatically identify your browser to the Online Services whenever your computer is used to visit the Online Services. Pixel tags are very small images or small pieces of data embedded in images, also known as "web beacons" or "clear GIFs," that can recognize cookies, the time and date a page is viewed, a description of the page where the pixel tag is placed, and similar information from your computer or device.
By using the Services, you consent to our use of cookies and similar technologies. You can decide if and how your computer will accept a cookie by configuring your preferences or options in your browser. However, if you choose to reject cookies and similar technologies, you may not be able to use certain online products, services or features on the Services. Also, please note that you will need to opt out again if you visit one of our sites from a different device or browser, or if you clear your cookies.
2. Use of Information
We may use information that we collect through the Services for a variety of purposes, including but not limited to the following:
Process and manage purchases, orders, and transactions;
Provide you with the products, services, contests, sweepstakes, promotions, services, newsletters, and information you request;
Respond to correspondence that we receive from you and otherwise provide you with customer service;
Set up, maintain, and service your account;
Contact you about your account, products, services, contests, and events that we think might be of interest to you (see Access and Choice) below for information about how to opt out of these communications at any time);
Send you advertisements, marketing or promotional material, or special offers on our behalf or on behalf of our marketing partners and/or their respective affiliates and subsidiaries and other third parties;
Administer surveys;
Customize and personalize your use of the Services;
Maintain or administer the Services, perform business analyses or data analytics, or for other internal purposes to improve the quality of our business, the Services, and other products and services we offer;
Publish stories, comments, photos, and other information posted in our interactive online features;
Provide security at our events and venues and investigate security related incidents;
Detect, investigate, and protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and protect the rights and property of the Seattle Seahawks and others;
Debug to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality; and
As otherwise described to you at the point of collection or pursuant to your consent.
3. Sharing of Information
We may share information about you as follows or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy.
Service Providers: We may share your information with service providers that perform certain functions or services on our behalf, including, without limitation, to host our Online Services, fulfill orders, provide products and services, manage databases, perform analysis, process credit card payments, provide customer service, or send communications for us.
Subsidiaries and Affiliates: We may share your information with all members of the NFL Family, including, without limitation, NFL Properties LLC, NFL International LLC, NFL Enterprises LLC, NFL Ventures, L.P., and NFL Ventures, Inc.
Select Business Partners: With your permission, we may share your information with select business partners so that they can provide you with special offers, promotional materials, and other materials that may be of interest to you. For example, you may be presented with an opportunity to have certain information shared with our third-party business partners when you enter a contest or sweepstakes or elect to receive marketing offers or other information. If you do not elect to have your information shared, it will not be shared with such third parties. We take measures to help ensure that our partners protect the confidentiality, integrity, and security of any information we share with them. However, we are not responsible for the privacy practices of our business partners, which may use your information for their own purposes.
Third-Party Ad Serving and Audience and Traffic Measurement Online Services: We may use third-parties to serve advertisements on the Online Services. These third parties may set their own cookies or similar web technologies to collect information about users' online activities over time and across different websites. To manage your preferences, you may opt out here. Or, if you are located in the European Union, you may opt out here. The Online Services may feature Nielsen proprietary measurement software, which will allow users to contribute to market research, such as Nielsen TV Ratings. Nielsen believes that you should have a choice about whether to contribute to our research and insights. To opt out of Nielsen measurement, you need only to activate the "Limit Ad Tracking" (for iOS devices) or "Opt out of Ads Personalization" (for Android devices) option in your device's settings. For web, please visit: http://www.nielsen.com/digitalprivacy to learn more about the Nielsen digital measurement products and your choices regarding them.
Business Transfer: If we sell all or part of our business, or make a sale or transfer of assets, or are otherwise involved in a merger or business transfer, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy, a business reorganization, or similar event, we may transfer your information as part of such transaction.
Administrative or Legal Process: We may disclose your information to third parties in order to protect the legal rights, safety, and security of our organization, our corporate affiliates, subsidiaries, business partners, and the users of our Services; respond to and resolve claims or complaints; prevent fraud or for risk management purposes; and comply with or respond to law enforcement or legal process or a request for cooperation by a government or other entity, whether or not legally required.
Interactive Features: We may share information with third parties when you post information to a user profile or a public area of the Online Services, such as a chat room, forum, blog, or other community tool. If you post to these interactive features, it will be publicly available, and you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties. We cannot ensure that parties who have access to such information will respect your privacy. Please exercise caution when using these features.
Other Parties with Your Express or Implied Consent: We may share information with third parties when you consent to such sharing. For example, if you win a contest or sweepstakes, we may ask your permission to publicly post certain information on our Online Services identifying you as the winner.
Aggregate Information: We may share aggregate information, such as demographic and usage statistics, with advertisers, sponsors or other organizations.
In addition, we may allow third parties to place and read their own cookies, web beacons, Local Shared Objects, and similar technologies to collect information through the Online Services. For example, our third-party service providers may use these technologies to collect information that helps us with traffic measurement, research, and analytics.
The above excludes text messaging originator opt-in data and consent; this information will not be shared with any third parties, subsidiaries, or affiliates.'
4. Social Networking Services
We have worked with certain third-party social media providers to offer you their social networking services through our Online Services. For example, you can use third-party social networking services, including but not limited to Facebook, Google+, and others to share information about your experience on our Services with your friends and followers on those social networking services. These social networking services may be able to collect information about you, including your activity on our Online Services. These third-party social networking services also may notify your friends, both on our Services and on the social networking services themselves, that you are a user of our Online Services or about your use of our Online Services, in accordance with applicable law and their own privacy policies. If you choose to access or make use of third-party social networking services, we may receive information about you that you have made available to those social networking services, including information about your contacts on those social networking services.
You also may be able to link an account from a social networking service (e.g., Facebook, Google+, Yahoo!) to an account through our Online Services. This may allow you to use your credentials from the other site or service to sign in to certain features on our Online Services. If you link your account from a third-party site or service, we may collect information from those third-party accounts, and any information that we collect will be governed by this Privacy Policy.
5. Links to Other Websites
The Online Services may contain links to other websites or online services that are operated and maintained by third parties and that are not under the control of or maintained by us. Such links do not constitute an endorsement by us of those other websites, the content displayed therein, or the persons or entities associated therewith. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other web sites or mobile applications. This Privacy Policy does not apply to this third-party content. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of these third-party websites or services.
The order fulfillment, customer service and credit transactions for our Pro Shop (https://proshop.seahawks.com/) are handled by Fanatics Inc. Any information you submit on the site is governed by the Fanatics privacy policy, available at https://proshop.seahawks.com/help/privacy_policy. In some instances, we may receive certain personal information from Fanatics about users, in which case our privacy policy would also apply.
6. Security
We have adopted generally accepted security standards and procedures to help protect against loss, misuse, and unauthorized access to the information you provide to us. Please note, however, that no data transmission or storage can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your information and privacy, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you disclose or transmit to the Online Services and cannot be responsible for the theft, destruction, or inadvertent disclosure of your information.
7. Children's Privacy
The Seahawks do not knowingly collect, use, or disclose personal information from children under the age of 13 except as permitted by the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA"). If we are made aware that we have collected personal information from a child under 13 years old in a manner that is inconsistent with COPPA, we will delete this information as soon as possible.
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time. Your continued use of the Services after any modification to the Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of the new terms. If we make any material changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the policy and by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on the Services prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy for the latest information on our privacy practices and the choices available to you.
9. Access and Choice
To correct or request that we update or delete certain information by emailing our Customer Support at privacy@seahawks.com. We will try to respond to your request within 30 days.
Promotional Communications
You may choose to receive promotional emails, newsletters, and similar communications from us. You may opt out of receiving commercial emails from us by clicking on the opt-out or "unsubscribe" link included in the commercial e-mails you receive. Please note that opt-out requests may take some time to be effective. Your opt-out request will not apply to messages that you request or that are not commercial in nature. For example, we may contact you concerning any purchases you have made with us, even if you opt out of receiving unsolicited commercial email messages.
Location Information
When you first launch the App that collects precise location information, you will be asked to consent to the application's collection of this information. If you initially consent to our collection of this location information, you can subsequently stop the collection of this information at any time by changing the preferences on your mobile device. If you do so, our mobile applications, or certain features thereof, may no longer function properly. You may also stop our collection of this location information by following the standard uninstall process to remove all of our mobile applications from your device.
Cookies
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies. Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of our Online Services.
Mobile Push Notifications/Alerts
With your consent, we may send promotional and non-promotional push notifications or alerts to your mobile device. You can deactivate these messages at any time by changing the notification settings on your mobile device.
By downloading and using our Apps, you may also receive promotional messages, offers, news and information about the Seattle Seahawks or our business partners within the Apps themselves. These "in app" messages are part of our Apps' functionality and cannot be turned off. If you do not want to receive "in app" messages, offers, news and information, do not download or use our Apps.
10. Data Retention
We will retain your information for as long as needed to provide you the Services. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal, regulatory or other compliance obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
11. California Consumer Privacy Act Disclosures
Consumers residing in California are afforded certain additional rights with respect to their personal information under the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA") (California Civil Code Section 1798.100 et seq.). If you are a California resident, this section applies to you.
Notice at Collection and Disclosure Regarding Personal Information Collected and Disclosed
Categories of Personal Information Collected
We collect, and have collected in the preceding 12 months, the following categories of personal information: identifiers, commercial information, internet or other electronic network activity information, biometric information, geolocation information, visual or other similar information, payment or other financial information, characteristics of protected classifications, and certain inferences drawn from these mentioned categories.
For more information about the categories of personal information we collect, please see the Information Collection section above.
Purposes for Collecting Personal Information
We collect, and have collected in the preceding 12 months, the above categories of personal information for the following purposes:
Perform the services you request, including maintaining or servicing your account, provide customer service, process or fulfill orders and transactions, verify customer information, or process payments;
Provide advertisements or marketing materials, or special offers on our behalf or on behalf of our marketing partners and/or their respective affiliates and subsidiaries and other third parties;
Maintain or administer, perform business analyses or data analytics, or for other internal purposes to improve the quality of our business, the Services, and other products and services we offer;
Detect, investigate, and protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and protect the rights and property of the Seattle Seahawks and others; and
Debug to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
For more information about the purposes for which the categories of personal information will be used, please see Use of Information section above.
Disclosure of Personal Information
The following chart sets forth the categories of personal information we may have disclosed for a business purpose in the preceding 12 months and the categories of third parties to whom the information may have been disclosed.
Table inside Article
Category of Personal Information
Category of Recipients
Identifiers, such as name, mailing address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, internet protocol address, email address, Social Security number, driver’s license number, passport number, phone number, Internet service provider (ISP) address, and identifiers associated with cookies and other tracking technologies.
(1) Our affiliates and subsidiaries (2) Service providers, such as those who provide data storage, software technology or platform, information technology, customer service, customer management, data analytics, marketing, advertising, and other services on our behalf (3) Business partners, such as advertisers, sponsors or other organizations (4) Law enforcement officials and individuals involved in legal proceedings (5) Third-party ad serving and audience and traffic measurement online services (6) Other third parties with your consent or at your direction
Cal. Civ. Code Section 1798.80(e) Categories of Personal Information, such as credit card or other payment information, and signature.
(1) Service providers, such as payment processing vendors (2) Other third parties with your consent or at your direction
Characteristics of Protected Classifications Under California or Federal Law, such as gender, ethnicity, and age.
(1) Our affiliates and subsidiaries (2) Service providers, such as those who provide data storage, software technology or platform, information technology, customer service, customer management, data analytics, marketing, advertising, and other services on our behalf (3) Business partners, such as advertisers, sponsors or other organizations
(4) Law enforcement officials and individuals involved in legal proceedings (5) Other third parties with your consent or at your direction
Commercial Information, such as information about Services purchased, obtained, or considered.
(1) Our affiliates and subsidiaries (2) Ad networks, ad tech vendors, and other marketing and advertising vendors (3) Service providers, such as those who provide data storage, software technology or platform, information technology, customer service, customer management, data analytics, marketing, advertising, and other services on our behalf (4) Other third parties with your consent or at your direction
Internet or Electronic Network Activity Information, such as your browser type, operating system, pages viewed, and hyperlinks clicked.
(1) Our affiliates and subsidiaries (2) Service providers, such as those who provide data storage, software technology or platform, information technology, customer service, customer management, data analytics, marketing, advertising, and other services on our behalf (3) Business partners, such as advertisers, sponsors or other organizations (4) Third-party ad serving and audience and traffic measurement online services (5) Other third parties with your consent or at your direction
Geolocation Data, such as the exact location of your device.
(1) Service providers, such as those who provide data storage, software technology or platform, information technology, customer management, data analytics, marketing, advertising, and other services on our behalf (2) Other third parties with your consent or at your direction
Visual or similar information, such as video recordings via security cameras at our stadium, parking lots, and retail stores.
(1) Law enforcement, government agencies, and individuals involved in legal proceedings (2) Other third parties with your consent or at your direction
For more information about what personal information we share and with whom, please see Sharing of Information section above.
Right to Know and Right to Request Deletion of Personal Information
If you are a California resident, you have the right to request that we disclose what personal information we collect, use, and disclose about you, and a right to request the deletion of your personal information collected by us. You may submit a request to know or a request to delete by calling us at 1-833-315-0604 or emailing us at privacy@seahawks.com. If you email us, please put "CCPA Request" in the subject line and indicate which request(s) you wish to make.
Verification
Before complying with a request to know or request to delete, we must first verify that the consumer making the request is the consumer about whom the business has collected information. To allow us to verify your identity, please provide the following information:
Name
Email address
Description of the nature of your transactions or interactions with us, e.g., season ticketholder, ticket purchase to Seahawks game on January 1, 2020, merchandise purchase from Seahawks Pro Shop on January 1, 2020.
We will then look to match the data points you provide with data points we have about you. We may contact you for additional information we may need to verify you.
No Sale of Personal Information
We do not sell your personal information. We do not have actual knowledge that we sell the personal information of minors under 16 years of age.
Right to Non-Discrimination for Exercise of a Privacy Right
If you are a California resident, you have a right not to receive discriminatory treatment for the exercise of the privacy rights conferred by the CCPA. We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights and choices, although some of the functionality and features available to you may change or no longer be available to you. Any differences in the services are related to the value provided.
Authorized Agent
A California resident may use an authorized agent to submit a request to know or a request to delete. An authorized agent means a natural person or a business entity registered with the Secretary of State of California to conduct business in California that a consumer has authorized to act on their behalf. If you are a California consumer who wishes to use an authorized agent to submit a request to know or a request to delete, please do the following: (1) provide the authorized agent written and signed permission to submit the request you are seeking to make; (2) provide us with a copy of the written permission; and (3) verify your own identity with us by following the instructions in the verification form.
Do Not Track Signals
We currently do not respond to "do not track" signals or similar mechanisms. Because of differences in how web browsers incorporate and activate such feature, it is not always clear whether users actually intend for these signals to be transmitted or whether they are even aware of them, such as may be the case with pre-selected settings.
12. International Users
Please note that the Services are directed towards users who reside in the United States. By using the Services, you consent to the collection, storage, processing, and transfer of your information in and to the United States, or other countries and territories, pursuant to the laws of the United States. While some of these countries may not offer the same level of privacy protection as your own, we commit to uphold the privacy protections as explained in this Policy.
13. Contact Us
If you have any questions, comments, or concerns about this Privacy Policy or the privacy practices of the Seattle Seahawks, please contact us by email at privacy@seahawks.com. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we were unable to address satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) by clicking here.
Advertising
Big left arrow icon
Big right arrow icon
Close icon
Copy Url
Three dots icon
Down arrow icon
Email icon
Email icon
Exit Fullscreen icon
External link icon
Facebook logo
Football icon
Facebook logo
Instagram logo
Snapchat logo
YouTube logo
TikTok logo
Spotify logo
LinkedIn logo
Grid icon
Key icon
Left arrow icon
Link icon
Location icon
Mail icon
Menu icon
Open icon
Phone icon
Play icon
Radio icon
Rewind icon
Right arrow icon
Search icon
Select icon
Selected icon
TV icon
Twitter logo
Twitter logo
Up arrow icon
User icon
Audio icon
Tickets iconAdd to calendar iconNFC icon
AFC icon
NFL icon
Carousel IconList ViewWebsite
InstagramTwitterFacebookSnapchatShop IconProfile Overlay
AvatarAddAirplayArrow LeftArrow RightArrow UpArrow DownAudioBack 5sBack 10sBack 30sCalendarChartCheckDownLeftRightUpChromecast OffChromecast OnCloseClosed CaptionsBench OffBench OnBroad OffBroad OnVertical OffVertical OnCommentDockDoneDownloadDraftFantasyFilterForward 5sForward 10sForward 30sFull Screen OffFull Screen OnGamepassGamesInsightsKeyLeaveLiveCombineDraftFantasyMenu GamesMenu NetworkMenu NewsMenu PlayoffsMenu Pro BowlMenu ShopMenu StandingsMenu StatsMenu Super BowlMenu TeamsMenu TicketsMenuMore HorizontalMore VerticalMy LocationNetworkNewsPauseplayMultiple PlayersSingle PlayerPlaylistPlayoffsPro BowlPurgeRefreshRemoveReplaySearchSettingsShare AndroidShare Copy URLShare EmailShare FacebookShare InstagramShare iOSShare SnapchatShare TwitterSkip NextSkip PreviousStandingsStarStatsSwapTeamsTicketsVideoVisibility OffVisibility OnVolume HiVolume LowVolume MediumVolume MuteWarningWebsite
Caret downCaret upAt
The browser you are using is no longer supported on this site. It is highly recommended that you use the latest versions of a supported browser in order to receive an optimal viewing experience. The following browsers are supported: Chrome, Edge (v80 and later), Firefox and Safari.
Got it!