http://www.whiteface.com/mountain/conditions
View
Snow
Report
Thursday
Dec 10
2020
Weather
33°F
Cloudy
Lifts
2
of 13
View Report
Search for:
Search
Connect with us on Facebook
Connect with us on Twitter
Connect with us on Instagram
Connect with us on YouTube
Olympic Sites |
Mt. Van Hoevenberg |
Gore |
Belleayre
Daily Ancticipated Conditions Report | Day 6
Yesterday delivered 4 inches of snow for the last 24 hours report.  We always enjoy natures assist.  Snow making overnight Excelsior, Summit Express & Lower Mackenzie trails at the Little Whiteface summit area, Otter trail at Bear Den, & Upper Valley trail on the Main Valley area.
For your outdoor recreational activities, we anticipate two lifts and six trails open on loose granular & variable conditions.   Private lessons are available.
What's Happening...
Did you know that as a Whiteface pass holder, there are NO reservation requirements? You can enjoy the ultimate flexibility of last-minute powder day runs.
Buy Now »
Looking to do more than Ski or ride?  Our venues provide plenty to do.  Ride a mountain coaster, take an elevator to the top of an Olympic ski jump, Zip lining, Public skating, or how about practicing your hockey skills in a non-contact/non-competitive environment.   Go to  https://lakeplacidolympicsites.com/ for more information.
Lift Tickets and Frequent Skier Ticket Reloads are available online now! Lift tickets must be purchased online in advance to guarantee your spot on the day(s) you wish to ski or ride. The earlier you buy, the more you can save!
Buy Now »
Special Notes
Staying Safe on the Mountain, It’s a shared responsibility – we’re in this together.
While winter may look a little different this year, the same adventure, scenic vistas, and snowy terrain that we all love awaits!
Please review our Operational Updates page in advance to best prepare for your visit. We appreciate your cooperation to help reduce the spread of COVID-19 and protect our guests, employees, and community.
These measures are in place for everyone’s health and safety so we can all continue to enjoy outdoor recreational activity at Whiteface—thank you for your patience and understanding.
Operational Updates »
Podcast
Podcast
transcript
|
December 10, 2020
Your browser does not support the audio element.
Good Day skiers and riders this is Pat with your Whiteface Insider Snow Cast for Thursday December 10, 2020. It’s Ski and Ride Day 6 for the 2020/2021 season.
Yesterday delivered 4 inches of snow for the last 24 hours.
We always enjoy natures assist.
Snow making overnight Excelsior, Summit Express & Lower Mackenzie trails on the Little Whiteface summit area, Otter trail at Bear Den, & Upper Valley on the Main Valley area.
For your outdoor recreational activities, we anticipate two lifts and six trails open on loose granular & variable conditions.
Private lessons are available.
Did you know that as a Whiteface pass holder, there are NO reservation requirements? You can enjoy the ultimate flexibility of last-minute powder day runs.
Whiteface lift tickets are on sale only at whiteface.com. All tickets must be purchased online in advance there are no on-site tickets available.
While at Whiteface mask are required to help reduce the spread of COVID-19 and protect our guests, community, and employees. While winter may look a little different this year, the same adventure, scenic vistas, and snowy terrain that we all love awaits!
These measures are in place for everyone’s health and safety so we can all continue to enjoy outdoor recreational activity at Whiteface—thank you for your patience and understanding.
Review our Operational Updates page for more safety information to best prepare for your visit.
Thank you for listening and we’ll see you on the slopes
Thursday
Dec 10
2020
Weather
33°F
Cloudy
Snow
6 inLast 7 days snowfall
Lifts
2
of 13
Trails
9
of 88
Weather Details
Base Temp:33&degF | 1°C
Mid Temp:28&degF | -2°C
Summit Temp:18&degF | -7°C
Wind Speed:15
Snowmaking
Past 24 hrs:Yes
Past 48 hrs:Yes
Snowfall
Past 24 hrs:4 in
Last 7 Days:6 in
Base Depth:9-14 in
Season Total:17 in
Surface Conditions
Primary:Packed Powder
Secondary:Powder
Terrain Open
10%
Gondola Rides
Status:Closed
Please Take Note: Trail conditions, including groomed surfaces, change constantly due to many factors including, but not limited to, skier traffic, weather, snowmaking, and other factors both manmade and natural. This report is subject to change without notice at any time.
Lifts
Cloudsplitter Gondola
08:30 AM - 03:30 PM
Lookout Mountain Triple Chair
09:00 AM - 03:30 PM
Little Whiteface Lift
09:00 AM - 03:30 PM
Freeway Lift
09:30 AM - 03:30 PM
Mountain Run Lift
09:00 AM - 03:30 PM
Face Lift
08:30 AM - 04:00 PM
Bear Lift
08:30 AM - 04:00 PM
Mixing Bowl Lift
08:30 AM - 04:00 PM
Summit Quad
09:00 AM - 03:30 PM
Falcon Lift
08:30 AM - 04:00 PM
Cub Carpet
08:30 AM - 04:00 PM
Coyote Carpet
08:30 AM - 04:00 PM
Cloudsplitter Gondola Ride | Winter
08:30 AM - 03:00 PM
Skiing & Snowboard Trails
Easy Way
Easy Street
Boreen
Boreen Loop
Upper Valley
Broadway
Off Broadway
Lower Valley
Valvehouse Road
Lower Gap
Upper Boreen
Ladies Bridge
River Run
Burton’s Cutoff
Danny’s Bridge
Brookside
Tom Cat
Wolf Run
Wolf
Deer
Bear
Fox
Round-a-bout
Mixing Bowl
Runner Up
Loon
Bobcat
Otter
Flying Squirrel
Porcupine Pass
Bobcat Chute
Moose
Moose Cut
Bobcat Glades
Hoot Owl Glades
Calamity Lane
Excelsior
Lower Northway
Summit Express
Draper’s Drop
Approach
Essex
Upper Northway
Upper Empire
Lower Empire
Empire Cut
Upper Mackenzie
On Ramp
Lower Mackenzie
Upper Wilderness
Lower Wilderness
Mountain Run
Upper Thruway
Lower Thruway
Upper Parkway
Lower Parkway
Parkway Exit
Low Road
1900 Road
2200 Road
High Country Glades
10th Mountain Division Glades
Cloudsplitter Glades
Connector
Slide View Glades
Lookout Loop
Wilmington Trail
Hoyt’s High
Lookout Below
Rand’s Last Stand
Sugar Valley Glades
Riva Ridge
The Follies
Paron’s Run
John’s Bypass
Cloudspin
Cloudspin Cut
Niagara
Victoria
Victoria Shoot
Upper Skyward
Lower Skyward
Upper Switchback
Lower Switchback
Crossover Loop
Glen
Weber’s Way
Blazer’s Bluff
Operational Updates
Lift Tickets
Trail Map
Directions
Contact Us
Operational Updates
It’s a shared responsibility – we’re in this together.
Thank you for your cooperation to help reduce the spread of COVID-19 and protect our guests, community, and employees. While winter may look a little different this year, the same adventure, scenic vistas, and snowy terrain that we all love awaits!
Please review the information below in advance of your visit. We will keep this page regularly updated with helpful information; please note details are subject to change without notice. We can’t wait to see you on the mountain!
If you aren’t feeling well, are experiencing any symptoms of COVID-19, or have been in contact with someone who was diagnosed with COVID-19 in the last 21 days, please stay home and plan to visit us another time.
New York State has issued updated travel advisories as part of its COVID-19 response plan. Please read the NYS Guidance.
At our venue, our team is:
Undergoing a daily health screen prior to every shift.
Following guidelines recommended by New York State and CDC.
Implementing increased frequency of cleaning procedures and a deep clean at night.
Reducing capacity where necessary to maintain social distancing.
Placing hand sanitizer stations throughout our venue.
When visiting our resorts please help us by:
Wearing a face covering (mask). These are required at all times while you are at Whiteface and all other ORDA venues except for when actively skiing or when you are eating/drinking while seated.
Washing your hands often or using hand sanitizer when washing isn’t available.
Practicing social distancing.
More Info »
VACATION RENTALS
CLOSE TO WHITEFACE, HOT TUB, SAUNA, MOUNTAIN VIEWS ADIRONDACK VACATION LLC
We have dog-friendly, luxury vacation rentals 8 are less than 2 miles from Whiteface Mountain Ski Resort. And we have 1 luxury rental in Lake Placid, NY to walking distance to town and Mirror Lake. Many property amenities include a fireplace, fire pits, hot tubs, steam baths, and a sauna!Learn More »
LOOKOUT MOUNTAIN CHALET
LOOKOUT MOUNTAIN CHALET
Cookies are used for measurement, ads, and optimization. By continuing to use our site you agree to our privacy policy. ACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.