https://www.pihaslsc.com/terms/
Close
Home
Our Club
Restaurant
Piha Branded Gear
Our Sponsors
Club Calendar
Hire Our Venue
Bunk Rooms
Membership
Tadpole 5-6yrs
Junior 7-13yrs
Junior Family 2 Children + 2 Adults
Junior Family 3+ Children + 2 Adults
Active Open 14yrs+
Senior Competition; Boats, IRB, Surf Sports
Senior Family
Associate Member
Social Supporter
Life / Honorary
Courses
IRB Surcharge
SLGA Surcharge
First Aid Surcharge
Lifeguarding
Become a Lifeguard
Development
Junior Surf
Calendar of Events
Surf Sports
Whats On
Senior Squad Calendar
Boaties Calendar
News
Donations
Bequests
Single Donation
Adopt a Lifeguard
Become a Sponsor
Store
Login or Register
Cart
Checkout
Tops
First Aid Kits
Contact Us
Stay Safe
Swim between the flags
PihaSLSC
Please read these terms and conditions (“terms”, “terms and conditions”) carefully before using www.pihaslsc.com website (the “service”) operated by PihaSLSC (“us”, ‘we”, “our”).
Conditions of Use
We will provide their services to you, which are subject to the conditions stated below in this document. Every time you visit this website, use its services or make a purchase, you accept the following conditions. This is why we urge you to read them carefully.
Privacy Policy
Before you continue using our website we advise you to read our privacy policy regarding our user data collection. It will help you better understand our practices.
Copyright
Content published on this website (digital downloads, images, texts, graphics, logos) is the property of [name] and/or its content creators and protected by international copyright laws. The entire compilation of the content found on this website is the exclusive property of PihaSLSC, with copyright authorship for this compilation by PihaSLSC.
Communications
The entire communication with us is electronic. Every time you send us an email or visit our website, you are going to be communicating with us. You hereby consent to receive communications from us. If you subscribe to the news on our website, you are going to receive regular emails from us. We will continue to communicate with you by posting news and notices on our website and by sending you emails. You also agree that all notices, disclosures, agreements and other communications we provide to you electronically meet the legal requirements that such communications be in writing.
Applicable Law
By visiting this website, you agree that the laws NZ, without regard to principles of conflict laws, will govern these terms and conditions, or any dispute of any sort that might come between PihaSLSC and you, or its business partners and associates.
Disputes
Any dispute related in any way to your visit to this website or to products you purchase from us shall be arbitrated by state or federal court NZ and you consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue of such courts.
Comments, Reviews, and Emails
Visitors may post content as long as it is not obscene, illegal, defamatory, threatening, infringing of intellectual property rights, invasive of privacy or injurious in any other way to third parties. Content has to be free of software viruses, political campaigns, and commercial solicitation.
We reserve all rights (but not the obligation) to remove and/or edit such content. When you post your content, you grant PihaSLSC non-exclusive, royalty-free and irrevocable right to use, reproduce, publish, modify such content throughout the world in any media.
License and Site Access
We grant you a limited license to access and make personal use of this website. You are not allowed to download or modify it. This may be done only with written consent from us.
User Account
If you are an owner of an account on this website, you are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your private user details (username and password). You are responsible for all activities that occur under your account or password.
We reserve all rights to terminate accounts, edit or remove content and cancel orders in their sole discretion.
Pricing
All prices are inclusive of GST (15%) and shown in New Zealand dollars. If you are purchasing from outside of New Zealand, the price advertised might not be the same price charged to the credit card account due to exchange rate fluctuations.
Payment
We accept Visa and Mastercard
Please note: PihaSLSC does not collect or save credit card information. This information is all processed by Paystation. When making a purchase you are directed to a secure web page hosted by Paystation to enter payment details wherefore this page is secured using SSL.
SSL (Secure Sockets Layer)
SSL (Secure Sockets layer) is a method of ensuring information submitted through your website is secure and cannot be accessed by unauthorized users.
New Zealand Law
Any goods supplied or sold by PihaSLSC, are sold or supplied under contract of New Zealand Law. The Laws of sale and contract by any other country do not apply.
These Terms may change without notice.
Piha Life Saving Club © 2018. All Rights Reserved. Terms and Condititions  |  Privacy Policy  | Website by The Webmistress