https://www.eastcoasters.com/articles/privacy-pg307.htm
Skip to main content
Menu
x
Cart
Cart
Account
Account
Stores
Stores
BIKE FITTING
BIKE DEMOS
SERVICE & REPAIRS
WHY BUY YOUR BIKE FROM US?
EVENTS CALENDAR
ABOUT US
About Us
Sponsorship/Donation Request
Job Application
Roanoke Area Maps
Carvins Cove Mountain Biking
Mill Mountain Mountain Biking
Roanoke area greenways
Regional and Other Maps
Douthat State Park Mountain Biking
Virginia Creeper Trail
Memories of Yesterday's Rides
Tips and tricks for cycling
Dressing for Cold Weather Cycling
How long should my chain last?
How can I diagnose weird noises?
Bicycle Lubrication
How Do I Clean My Chain And Drivetrain?
Bicycle Tools List
SHOP NOW
Bikes
Bikes
Road
Mountain
Cyclocross
Commuter/Urban
Comfort
Cruiser
Fitness
Hybrid
Children's
Electric
Parts
Parts
Bar Ends
BMX
Bottom Brackets
Brakes/Levers/Pads
Cables
Cassettes/Freewheels
Chainrings
Chains
Cranksets
Derailleurs
Forks
Groups
Handlebar Grips/Tape
Handlebars
Headsets
Pedals
Saddles
Seatposts
Shift/Brake Combinations
Shifters
Shocks
Stems
Other
Wheels
Wheels
Parts & Accessories
Wheels
Hubs
Rims
Spokes
Tires/Tubes
Tires/Tubes
Parts & Accessories
Tires
Tubes: All Sizes/Types
Accessories
Accessories
Electric/Gas Motor Kits
Children's-Bike Accessories
Body Care
Child Seats
Electronics
Eyewear
Fenders
Hydration
Lighting
Locks/Security
Nutrition
Packs/Racks/Baskets
Pumps/Inflation
Safety
Storage
Tools/Maintenance
Trailers/Strollers
Indoor Cycling
Travel Cases
Other
Clothing
Clothing
Accessories
BMX
Gloves
Jerseys/Tops (Short Sleeve)
Outerwear
Protective/Armor
Running
Jerseys/Tops (Long Sleeve)
Shirts/Tops (Casual)
Shorts/Bottoms
Skinsuits
Socks
Triathlon
Undergarments
Helmets
Helmets
Parts & Accessories
Adults
Kids
Shoes
Shoes
Parts & Accessories
Cycling Shoes
Car Racks
Car Racks
Parts & Accessories
Hitch-Mount
Pickup/RV/Spare-Tire Mount
Roof-Mount
Trunk-Mount
Gift Cards
Gift Cards
Services
Services
Classes
Our Commitment To PrivacyYour privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.The Information We Collect:This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the East Coasters website. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:NameAddressEmail addressPhone numberCredit/Debit Card Information(etc.)On some pages, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient's address. In this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are:NameAddressPhone Number(etc.)The Way We Use Information:We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.We offer gift-cards by which you can personalize a product you order for another person. Information you provide to us to create a gift-card is only used for that purpose, and it is only disclosed to the person receiving the gift.We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.You can register for our email list on our website if you would like to receive updates on our new products and services and cycling related events going on in the area. Information you submit on our website will not be used for this purpose unless you fill out the registration form and we will never sell or provide this info to any other company. You can opt out of these emails at any time by clicking on the link at the bottom of each message we send out. Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.Our Commitment To Data SecurityTo prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.How To Contact UsShould you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at 540-774-7933 (our Roanoke store) or email roanoke@eastcoasters.com.