https://www.tennisforfree.com/privacy.php
This privacy policy is for this website and sets out the different areas where user privacy is concerned and outlines the obligations & requirements of the users, the website and website owners. Furthermore the way this website processes, stores and protects user data and information will also be detailed within this policy.
The Website
This website and it's owners take a proactive approach to user privacy and ensure the necessary steps are taken to protect the privacy of its users throughout their visiting experience.
Cookies
Cookies are small files saved to the users computers hard drive that track, save and store information about the users interactions and usage of the website. This allows the website, through it's server to provide the users with a tailored experience within this website and to allow for a more user-friendly website experience.
Newsletters
The website has the capability to send newsletters to targeted user groups for the tennis services related to registered users of this website. From time to time, newsletters will be sent to inform you of such tennis services. You can manage your newsletter opti-in/opt-out from your profile page. In exceptional circumstances, the website administrators may contact you by email (regardless of newsletter opt-in/opt-out status) or even by phone if there is something essential to report to you. Examples of this may include; a late notice cancelled tennis session that you are enrolled on; To report an accident or emergency related to a tennis session linked to you.
Usage of Personal Details Entered on Registration or Profile Account Page
The details you enter on the registration page (or later amend via the profile page) are held in strict confidence in a secure database that only the administrators of this website have access to. Statistical data may also be shared with the Tennis For Free Charity (if you have enrolled on a Tennis For Free session) and the Lawn Tennis Association. These details are not shared with any 3rd party organisations and only the asministrators of this website will be able to contact you via the website.
External Links
Although this website only looks to include quality, safe and relevant external links users should always adopt a policy of caution before clicking any external web links mentioned throughout this website.
The owners of this website cannot guarantee or verify the contents of any externally linked website despite their best efforts. Users should therefore note they click on external links at their own risk and this website and it's owners cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any external links mentioned.
Adverts & Sponsored Links
This website may contain sponsored links and adverts. These will typically be served through our advertising partners, to whom may have detailed privacy policies relating directly to the adverts they serve.
Clicking on any such adverts will send you to the advertisers website through a referral program which may use cookies and will tracks the number of referrals sent from this website. This may include the use of cookies which may in turn be saved on your computers hard drive. Users should therefore note they click on sponsored external links at their own risk and this website and it's owners cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any external links mentioned.
Social Media Platforms
Communication, engagement and actions taken through external social media platforms that this website and it's owners participate on are custom to the terms and conditions as well as the privacy policies held with each social media platform respectively.
Users are advised to use social media platforms wisely and communicate / engage upon them with due care and caution in regard to their own privacy and personal details. This website nor it's owners will ever ask for personal or sensitive information through social media platforms and encourage users wishing to discuss sensitive details to contact them through primary communication channels such as by telephone or email.
This website may use social sharing buttons which help share web content directly from web pages to the social media platform in question. Users are advised before using such social sharing buttons that they do so at their own discretion and note that the social media platform may track and save your request to share a web page respectively through your social media platform account.