https://www.chilwellblades.co.uk/privacypolicy.html
HomeBeginnersClub InfoMembers AreaLatest NewsAboutCoaches & CommitteeGovernanceLinksContact
Privacy PolicyWhat information do we collect?
When you become a member of (or renew your membership with) Chilwell Blades Fencing Club, you will automatically be sharing your information with Membermojo the club management system. You/We will provide Membermojo with your personal data which they will use to enable access to an online portal for you. Membermojo will contact you to invite you to sign into and update your membership form and be added to our club mailing list.
Upon becoming a member of Chilwell Blades Fencing Club, we will collect certain information about you which will include your name, address, date of birth, contact phone numbers, gender, email address, right/left handed, emergency contact name, contact number and any medical information Chilwell Blades needs to be aware of.
Medical information/sporting/equality/ethnicity information - all optional.
If you are age 16 or under, the contact details must be provided by a parent/guardian and consent must be given to join and to participate in the activities of the club. Parents/guardians will agree to this on submitting the membership form.
Full Membership
As a club member your information will be kept on our management system for the duration of your paid membership, and you will be added to our club mailing list. Membership Fees
*Please note, your membership fee does not cover fencing in August, throughout August all club members and visitors pay a weekly fee.
Expired Member
Once your membership has expired, you will be classed as an 'expired member', and pay the weekly visitors fee. You will stop receiving our emails but your information will remain on our management system for a further period of two years and will then be destroyed. You can unsubscribe to our mailing list at anytime.
- If during the two year period you wish to renew your membership, you will need to contact us for a renewal link.
- If you choose to renew your membership once your information has been deleted from our system, you will need to complete a fresh membership form.
Mailing List Only
If your membership expired but you would like to stay on our mailing list for a further year you will need to send us an email giving your consent. Once added to our system it will invite you to opt-in to stay on our mailing list on an annual basis.
Honorary Members
As an honorary member your information will be kept on our management system and you will remain on our mailing list, however you can unsubscribe to our mailing list at anytime.
The emergency contact details and medical requirements that you have provided on your membership form, are also kept on site on club night in the event that they are required. In the event of injury or illness, all reasonable steps will be taken to contact your emergency contact with the details you have provided us with, and to deal with that injury/illness appropriately.
The club has a private Facebook group, it is available for all members and past members. This is governed by Facebook's Privacy Policy. You will need to request membership of this through the group page on Facebook.
If you have any questions about the continuing privacy of your personal data when it is shared with Chilwell Blades Fencing Club and Membermojo, please email fencing@chilwellblades.co.uk
What do we use the information for?
Membership, Club Management and Communications
- Processing of membership forms and payments with Membermojo.
- Share data with committee members to provide information about club activities, membership renewals or invitation to social events.
- Sending out information about the club activities and social events.
- Sending out information about fencing kit and club merchandise.
- Publishing of competition results.
- Website management.
Medical Emergencies
- Share data with the emergency services.
- Share data to deal with injury/illness appropriately.
Training and Competition Entry
- Share data with club coaches or officials to administer training sessions.
- Share data with club team managers to enter inter club events.
- Share data with leagues - consent forms will be signed for separately.
Equality
- Share data with our governing body British Fencing. *See details in our ‘Equality’ section below.
How do we protect this information?
Online Membership Services are provided to the club by Membermojo who have their own privacy policy concerning the provision of membership services found here: Privacy Policy. Their security policy can be found here: Security
Do we have access to payment information?
Chilwell Blades Fencing Club hold no account or card information.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
For the purpose of providing a membership service we may provide data to Membershipmojo, the club may provide sporting and/or equality data to British Fencing and Sport England, this is held and processed in accordance with their policies, found here:
BF Privacy Policy. With these exceptions the club does not sell, trade or otherwise transfer data to outside parties member or organisation information.
Sporting and Equality Information
*Sporting and Equality information are requested but not compulsory, this data is monitored for statistical purposes and will not affect your application for club membership. This information stored on our club management system for confidentiality. You can view it and update it at anytime from your portal on your membership form.
The following section explains why it is important collect this information.
The Equality Act 2010 protects the following characteristics: Age, disability, gender reassignment, marriage and civil partnership, pregnancy and maternity, race, religion and belief, sex, sexual orientation. As a club, Chilwell Blades is considered an association and abide by all requirements.
Sport can and does play a major role in promoting inclusion of all groups in society. However, inequalities have traditionally existed within sport, particularly in relation to gender, race and disability. Sport England is committed to promoting and developing sports equality, which is about fairness in sport, equality of access, recognising inequalities and taking steps to address them.
By monitoring the profile of young people in sports clubs, NGB's/CSP's and Sport England can identify any issues relating to under-representation of different groups and can develop strategies to ensure all young people have an opportunity in the future development and progress in sport. BF Equality & Diversity Policy
Website & Cookies
Our club website located at www.chilwellblades.co.uk is hosted and designed by Photium who have their own privacy policy for the use of the site found here: Privacy. No personal information is shared with Photium.
Copyright
All artwork/images and designs are and will remain copyright of Chilwell Blades Fencing Club. Any unauthorised use of the designs and material contained in our website will be pursued vigorously.
Intellectual Property Rights
All copyright, trademarks and all other intellectual property rights in the service, the Website and its content (including without limitation the Website design, text, graphics and all software and source code connected with the Website and system) are owned or licensed by Photium & Chilwell Blades Fencing Club or otherwise used by Photium and Chilwell Blades Fencing Club as permitted by law.
In accessing the Website You agree that You will access the content solely for Your personal, non-commercial use. Other than any provided in these terms none of the content may be downloaded, copied, reproduced, transmitted, stored, sold or distributed without Our prior written consent.
Limitation of Liability
The Website is provided on an "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" basis without any representation or endorsement made and without warranty of any kind whether express or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, compatibility, security and accuracy.
To the extent permitted by law, Chilwell Blades Fencing Club will not be liable for any indirect or consequential loss or damage whatever (including without limitation loss of business, opportunity, data, profits) arising out of or in connection with the use of the Website.
Chilwell Blades Fencing Club makes no warranty that the functionality of the Website will be uninterrupted or error free, that defects will be corrected or that the Website or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or anything else which may be harmful or destructive. Nothing in these Terms and Conditions shall be construed so as to exclude or limit the liability of Chilwell Blades Fencing Club for death or personal injury as a result of the negligence of Chilwell Blades Fencing Club or agents.
General Data Protection Regulation
GDPR gives you various rights concerning your data held by the club these include (but are not restricted to) right of access, right to erasure, right to rectification and right to object. To enforce these rights in the first instance please contact the club chairman in writing. Where data is held by a separate organisation (for example Membermojo) you may need to make a separate application to that organisation to enforce these rights.
Changes To Our Privacy Policy
Changes to our policy will be posted on this page. This policy was last modified on 10th February 2018.
Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding this policy please email fencing@chilwellblades.co.uk
FacebookRSS: Latest NewsPrivacy & Cookie Policy
© Chilwell Blades Fencing Club 2020Date today:
Powered by Photium