http://www.ormistonhighlands.com/9-uncategorised/108-privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
WEBSITE PRIVACY POLICY
Introduction
We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website and service users, the information provided by us within this policy will explain how we will handle your personal data.
By using our website you confirm your consent to our use of cookies on our website in accordance with the terms of this policy when you first visit our website.
Usage Data – Meaning the way you use our website and the services provided on the website. This includes your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, your operating system, where you were referred to our website from (I.e Google Search), the length of time you spent visiting the website, the number of pages you viewed and the navigation path that you followed. As well as relevant information like timing, frequency of visits and the pattern of your use. The source of the usage data is Google Analytics. This usage data may be processed by us for the purpose of analysing the use of our website and services, the legal basis for the processing of the usage data is consent-based and for monitoring and improving our website and services
Enquiry Data – Information contained in any enquiry you submit to us regarding our products and services. Enquiry data may be processed for the purposes of offering, marketing and selling relevant products and or services to you. The legal basis for processing this information is consent and to ensure the proper administration of our business and the provision of services we provide you.
Correspondence Data – Information contained in or relating to any communication that you send to us. Correspondence data may include the communication content and the metadata associated with the communication. Our website will generate the metadata associated with the communication made using the website contact forms. Correspondence data may be processed for the purposes of communicating with you and for record-keeping. The legal basis for processing this information is our legitimate interests, namely the protection and assertion of our legal rights, your legal rights and the legal rights of others.
In addition to the specific purpose for which we may process your personal data set out in this Section 2, we may also process and of your personal data where such processing is necessary for the compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interest of another natural person.
Please do not supply any other person's personal data to us, unless we prompt you to do so.
Providing Your Personal Data To Others
We may disclose your personal data to our insurers or professional advisers insofar is as reasonably necessary for the purposes of obtaining and maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, obtaining professional advice and managing legal disputes.
Retaining and Deleting Personal Data
This section sets out our data retention policy and procedures, which are designed to help ensure we comply with our legal obligations in relation to the retention and deletion of personal data.
Personal data that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.
Usage Data will be retained by us for the duration of your contract with us any request to remove this information will be dealt with efficiently and your data will be deleted
Enquiry Data will be retained by us for the duration of the enquiry response process, if the enquiry does not result in the provision of a product or service to you or your company the data will be deleted from our system. If the enquiry results in the acceptance of a quote or provision of service for you or your company the enquiry data will be transferred to account data which we will
Correspondence Data will be kept for a period of 12 months when it will be deleted from our system
Notwithstanding the other provisions of this section 4 we may retain your personal data where such retention is necessary for compliance with a legal obligiation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests if another natural person.
Amendments
We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website.
You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes to the policy.
We may notify you of changes to this policy by email or through our social media channels
Your Rights
You may instruct us to provide you with any personal information we hold about you, the provision of such information will be subject to the supply of appropriate identification
We may withhold personal information that you request to the extent permitted by law.
You may instruct us at any time not to process your personal information for marketing purposes
You have the right to withdraw consent to data processing at any time
You have the right to erasure of personal information data that we hold about you
You may instruct us to correct any personal information we hold about you that is incorrect
Cookies
A cookie is a file containing an identifier ( a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a webs server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. They can be persistent (remain valid until a set expiry date) or session (expiring when the browser is closed). Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information we store about you may be linked to the information stored by and obtained from cookies.
We use cookies for authentication, security, advertising and analysis as well as your consent to the use of cookies more generally, the cookies used for these purposes are known as identify cookies
Our service providers may use cookies and those cookies may be stored on your computer when you visit our website.
We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of our website. Google Analytics gathers information about website use by means of cookies. The information gathered relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of our website. Google's privacy policy is available at: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.
Our Details
This website is owned and operated by Ormiston Highlands
Glendell, Market Lane, Kingussie, Inverness-shire, PH21 1EP
You can contact us here http://ormistonhighlands.com/contact
This Privacy Policy has been adapted from the free policy provided by SEQ Legal which you can find a copy of here (http://www.seqlegal.com).
Sales Enquiries
Please drop Ruaridh an e-mail at info@ormistonhighlands.com or you can also call Newtonmore Riding Centre on 01540 670000 (or + 44 1540 670000 for international callers).
HomeHistoryCattleHorses & PoniesServicesFor SaleImage galleryLinksContact usSite map
Contact details
Ormiston Highlands
Glendell, Market Lane, Kingussie,Inverness-shire, PH21 1EP
Tel/fax: 07000 PONIES (766437)Ruaridh's Mobile: 07831 338012Residential: 01540 661163info@ormistonhighlands.comwww.ormistonhighlands.com
Website by Yellow Cherry Digital
Sitemap
Privacy Policy
We use cookies on our website. Some of them are essential for the operation of the site, while others help us to improve this site and the user experience (tracking cookies). You can decide for yourself whether you want to allow cookies or not. Please note that if you reject them, you may not be able to use all the functionalities of the site.
Ok
More information