http://www.ocalagranprix.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Protecting your private information is our priority. This statement of privacy (hereinafter “Policy”) applies to the following website:  http://www.ocalagranprix.com (hereinafter “Website”) owned by Ocala Gran Prix, Inc. (hereinafter “OGP”) and governs data collection and usage.  For the purposes of this Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to OGP and the Website. The Website is a news, information and e-commerce website. By using the Website, you consent to the data practices described in this Policy.
Collection of your Personal Information
OGP may collect personally identifiable information, such as your name. If you purchase OGP's products and services, we collect billing and credit card information. This information is used to complete the purchase transaction. We may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by OGP. This information may include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Website.
OGP encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from OGP so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. OGP is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the Website.
Use of your Personal Information
OGP collects and uses your personal information to operate its Website and deliver the services you have requested.
OGP may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from OGP and its affiliates. OGP may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
OGP does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
OGP may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to OGP, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
OGP may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within OGP, in order to determine what OGP services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within OGP to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area. OGP will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on OGP or the Website; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of OGP; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of OGP or the public.
Security of your Personal Information
OGP utilizes reasonable efforts to secure your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.
Children Under Thirteen
OGP does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen (13). If you are under the age of thirteen (13), you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use the Website.
Opt-Out & Unsubscribe
We respect your privacy and give you an opportunity to opt-out of receiving announcements of certain information. Users may opt-out of receiving any or all communications from OGP by contacting us here:
- Email: info@ocalagranprix.com
Changes to this Statement
OGP may occasionally update or modify this Policy to reflect company and customer
Feedback without prior notice. OGP encourages you to periodically review this Policy to be informed of any changes.
Contact Information
OGP welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Policy. If you believe that OGP has not adhered to this Policy, please contact OGP at:
Ocala Gran Prix, Inc.
4121 NW 44th Ave
Ocala, Florida 34482
Email Address:
info@ocalagranprix.com
Telephone number:
352-291-0600
Effective as of January 01, 2016