http://www.nottinghamdogs.com/privacy.aspx
Book Online
Book Now
There are no events taking place on the selected date.
@nottingham_dogs
Call Us on 0115 910 33 33
HomeInfo & News
NewsFacilitiesHow To Find UsContact UsFAQ'sTote Betting GuideRace Sponsorship
Restaurant
Restaurant Bookings
Party OffersFundraising
Fund£RacerCharity Nights
Racing
Advanced Trials & Race CardsOpen Race CalendarRace ResultsTrainersTrack RecordsSpecial Racing EventsOwning GreyhoundsRetired Greyhounds As PetsGreyhound LinksTrackside Advertising
Covid Information
Visiting The Stadium
Nottingham Dogs
Greyhound Racing
Dining at Nottingham
Party Offers
Fundraising
Contact Us
Home>Important Information>Privacy Policy
Important InformationWebsite/Marketing T&CPrivacy PolicyCookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Here at Nottingham Greyhound Stadium we are committed to creating unforgettable experiences for all of our customers, not only at the Stadium during your visit but also whilst making your booking and after by ensuring your personal data is handled correctly. The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to let you know what kind of information we (Nottingham Greyhound Stadium Ltd.) may gather about you, how we may use and process the information, whether we disclose it to anyone, and the choices you have regarding our use of the information. As our websites hosts, the policies and processes in this document are also adhered to by Serendipity EMS Ltd and DedRed Comms Ltd with regards to your personal data. Any reference to Nottingham Greyhound Stadium in this document will also include, where applicable, these companies as well.Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. If you are not in agreement with this Privacy Policy or have any doubts please do not register or use this Website. The Personal Data We Collect About You Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data) or statistical/demographic data which we may still collect in order to understand our business better but which doesn’t identify any individuals.We may collect, use, store and transfer (within the Company) different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together follows:Name and contact details – this includes your name, title, address, email address and telephone numbers.Purchase history – this includes details about packages you have purchased from us along with any requirements, including any dietary or mobility requests you have made.Profile information – this includes your username and password and your marketing preference settings for our site.Linked account information – this includes your Facebook ID and Twitter handle if you link your accounts to ours.Customer service history – this includes interactions with us over the phone, via the website or on social media.Booking Enquiries – this includes storing bookings that are not completed for a period of time. This will allow us to enquire about why the booking was not completed and to assess if there is a technical problem preventing the bookings completion. Nottingham Greyhound Stadium Ltd DOES NOT store payment details, we use payment gateway providers to enhance your security.   How We Collect Your Personal Data & How Long We Keep It Direct Collection. You may give us your name and contact details by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide when you:purchase packages or other products from us;create an account on our website;subscribe to our mailing lists or newsletters;take part in a competition, promotion or survey; orgive us some feedback.Automated Collection. As you interact with our website, we may automatically collect information about your device and how you use our websites and apps. We collect this personal data by using cookies, server logs and other similar technologies. For more information on cookies, please see our Cookie Policy for more details.Length of time. Your details will be held for no longer than is necessary.  If you have made a purchase from us your details will be stored for at least 6 years as is legally required.  If no purchase has been made in that time and you have been dormant on our system for 2 years your details will be removed. How We Use Your Personal Data We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:To set up your account or process you’re booking.To provide customer service or supportTo provide staff trainingTo advertise to you, if your preference centre allows  Sharing Your Personal Data Nottingham Greyhound Stadium Ltd will never sell your data to any third party and it is entirely at your discretion, how you allow us to use your personal data for this purpose. Keeping Your Personal Data Secure We’re committed to keeping your personal data secure and have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees who have a business need to know.We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so. Your Legal Rights Your legal rights relating to your personal data are listed below. You can get more information on each of the rights we’ve summarised at the ICO website by Clicking Here.The right to request access to your personal data.The right to request correction of your personal data.The right to request erasure of your personal data.The right to object to processing of your personal data or to withdraw consent. Remember, you can always stop direct marketing messages via the preference centre in your account, by clicking on an unsubscribe link in any of our emails or getting in touch via email, phone or post.The right to request restriction of processing your personal data.The right to request a transfer of your personal data to another service provider. If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above or if you have any questions or a complaint, please contact us using the details below. No Fee Is Usually RequiredYou will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances. What We May Need From YouWe may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response. Time Limit To RespondWe try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated. How To ComplainIf you have a complaint regarding our privacy policy or you feel your personal information was used inappropriately, you can contact us at info@nottinghamdogs.com or by writing to The Data Controller, Nottingham Greyhound Stadium, Colwick Park, Nottingham, NG2 4BE.
Booking Information
Restaurant Booking T&CsTrackside Booking T&Cs
Useful Information
Employment OpportunitiesResponsible GamblingDrink Aware
Important Information
Website/Marketing T&CPrivacy PolicyCookie Policy
Watch us
© 2020
Nottingham Greyhound Stadium Limited (reg: 2342222) -
Nottingham Greyhound Stadium, Colwick Park, Nottingham, NG2 4BE
- All Rights Reserved