http://www.latania.co.uk/about/termsofuse.htm
LIVE  Cams, Weather, Lifts
2021 SPECIAL OFFERS & SEASON RENTALS
Select Your Winter 2021 Rental Dates
05/06 Dec 2020
12/13 Dec 2020
19/20 Dec 2020
26/27 Dec 2020
02/03 Jan 2021
09/10 Jan 2021
16/17 Jan 2021
23/24 Jan 2021
30/31 Jan 2021
06/07 Feb 2021
13/14 Feb 2021
20/21 Feb 2021
27/28 Feb 2021
06/07 Mar 2021
13/14 Mar 2021
20/21 Mar 2021
27/28 Mar 2021
03/04 Apr 2021
10/11 Apr 2021
17/18 Apr 2021
SUMMER RENTAL
La Tania Home
La Tania Latest News
SPECIAL OFFERS!
Accommodation
La Tania LIVE Information
Snow Reports / Snow News
The 3 Valleys WebCams
Weather Forecasts Page
What's On and Event Diary
La Tania Shop
Feedback Pages
La Tania Ski Blogs
Social Media
Forum / Guestbook
Holiday Reviews
Snow Flash via Email
Celebrity Watch
The Photo Gallery
Latest Photos / News
La Tania
Locals
Old Punter Pics
Video Snow Reports & Clips
Full Photo Index
Resort Info
Resort Guide
Resort Video
What's New?
Maps & Aerial Photos
Bars & Restaurants
Shops & Services
Essential Costs
La Tania Medical Centre
La Tania Directory
Travel Info
The Travel Guide
The Flight Guide
Transfers to Resort
Car Hire / Driving Directions
The Driving Guide
Train and Coach Travel
Free La Tania Ski Bus
Skiing Info
Ski & Ride Guide
Live Lift Opening Info
Ski & Board Lessons
Ski & Board Hire
Ski Pass Prices & Resort Dates
2021 Piste Maps
Get Ski Insurance Now!
Bands / Events
Our Charity Days
Bring Your Sisters
Sunset Sons
Shibboleth
The Feeling
More Live Music...
Saisonnaires Poll
Other Stuff/Gossip
La Tania in Summer
Ski Resort Employment
The Punter Mag
Pylon Of The Day
First Lift / TC Talks
Mobiles / Sky TV
Internet / Speak French
Local Ski Radio
The Site Archives
latania.co.uk
Advertise Here
Useful Links
Search the Site
Privacy Policy
About / Contact Us
latania.co.uk - Terms of use
Legal stuff, Privacy Policy, GDPR etc...
Cookies
Cookies are very small text files that are stored on your computer when you visit some websites.
We use cookies to anonymously help identify your computer for statistics (page views and to tell us which pages you find most interesting, that sort of thing) via Google Analytics. Privacy & Terms with Google Partner Sites here
You can disable cookies and delete any cookies already stored on your computer. Blocking cookies will still allow the website to function.
Advertisers also use Targeting Cookies
and these also allow you to share pages with social networks such as Facebook and Twitter.
This website will not share any personal information with third parties.
Copyright
Just about everything on the site is Copyright © 1999 - 2020 www.latania.co.uk
all rights reserved. Just don't nick stuff without asking first or we will invoice you. Stealing pictures and words off web sites is theft just like being a shoplifter. Chances are we will allow usage when credit is given but please ask first.
Privacy & Terms of Use
Usual reasonable endeavours privacy & terms of use apply.
In particular we will not give out anyone's email address to anyone without their explicit permission.
All information is provided as is without warranty or any comeback, there might be mistakes, there
might be errors, we're not responsible for anything, we didn't do it, ever, etc. etc...
Please see the May 2018 GDPR update below with special regard to data use with our Snow Flash email service, Blog subscriptions and general correspondence & enquiries.
Note that any integration with social media for comments etc does not give us any right or permissions to post on your behalf, access your data or harvest any data on behalf of any 3rd party.
Holiday Reviews
It is possible the reviews may be highly inaccurate - remember all reviews are submitted and displayed in good faith - the views are the views of the author and not the views of latania.co.uk, it's associated companies or advertisers.
As with all review sites they shouldn't be used as the sole evidence of the suitability of a place or company for a holiday, everyone is different and of course there can be no complete check on the identity of the reviewee which could be a competitor, someone with a personal axe to grind, an automated 'bot', auto generated Spam or it may be purely malicious.
This is not the forum to air complaints regarding services provided by a holiday company - this should always in the first instance be done directly and at the time. Please try to give honest, factual opinions and
don't hold us responsible for any reviews. Finally, we do have the right to remove and edit postings - if you don't like that, then post elsewhere and don't read them.
GDPR Privacy Policy Update - May 2018
1.      Introduction
1.1    We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors.
1.2    This policy applies where we are acting as a data controller with respect to the personal data of our website visitors; in other words, where we determine the purposes and means of the processing of that personal data.
1.3    We use cookies on our website. Insofar as those cookies are not strictly necessary for the provision of our website, we will ask you to consent to our use of cookies when you first visit our website.
1.4    Our website allows you to opt in or opt out.
1.5    In this policy, "we", "us" and "our" refer to LT Web [For more information about us, see Section 13.]
2.      Credit
2.1    This document was created using a template from SEQ Legal (https://seqlegal.com)
3.      How we use your personal data
3.1    In this Section 3 we have set out:
(a)    the general categories of personal data that we may process.
(b)    the purposes for which we may process personal data; and
(c)    the legal bases of the processing.
3.2    We may process
("usage data"). The usage data may include IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths, as well as information about the timing, frequency and pattern of your service use]. The source of the usage data is google analytics tracking system. This usage data may be processed for the purposes of analysing the use of the website. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely monitoring and improving our website and services.
3.3    We may process
("enquiry data"). The enquiry data may be processed [for the purposes of offering, marketing and selling relevant goods and/or services to you]. The legal basis for this processing is opt in consent and legitimate interests, namely requests for snow reports and blog subscriptions.
3.4  We may process
("correspondence data"). The correspondence data may include the communication content and metadata associated with the communication. The correspondence data may be processed for the purposes of communicating with you and record-keeping. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business and communications with users.
4.      Providing your personal data to others
4.1    We will not.
5.      International transfers of your personal data
5.1   We will not.
6.      Retaining and deleting personal data
6.1    This Section 6 sets out our data retention policies and procedure, which are designed to help ensure that we comply with our legal obligations in relation to the retention and deletion of personal data.
6.2    Personal data that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.
6.3    We will determine the period of retention based on the following criteria:
(a)    The period of retention of email addresses will be determined based on legitimate interests and correspondence requests.
6.4    Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section 6, we may retain your personal data where such retention is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
7.      Amendments
7.1    We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website.
7.2    You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes to this policy.
7.3    We will notify you of significant changes to this policy by email.
8.      Your rights
8.1    In this Section 8, we have summarised the rights that you have under data protection law. Some of the rights are complex, and not all of the details have been included in our summaries. Accordingly, you should read the relevant laws and guidance from the regulatory authorities for a full explanation of these rights.
8.2    Your principal rights under data protection law are:
(a)    the right to access;
(b)    the right to rectification;
(c)    the right to erasure;
(d)    the right to restrict processing;
(e)    the right to object to processing;
(f)    the right to data portability;
(g)    the right to complain to a supervisory authority; and
(h)    the right to withdraw consent.
8.3    You have the right to confirmation as to whether or not we process your personal data and, where we do, access to the personal data, together with certain additional information. That additional information includes details of the purposes of the processing, the categories of personal data concerned and the recipients of the personal data. Providing the rights and freedoms of others are not affected, we will supply to you a copy of your personal data. The first copy will be provided free of charge, but additional copies may be subject to a reasonable fee.
8.4    You have the right to have any inaccurate personal data about you rectified and, taking into account the purposes of the processing, to have any incomplete personal data about you completed.
8.5    In some circumstances you have the right to the erasure of your personal data without undue delay. Those circumstances include: [the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed; you withdraw consent to consent-based processing; you object to the processing under certain rules of applicable data protection law; the processing is for direct marketing purposes; and the personal data have been unlawfully processed]. However, there are exclusions of the right to erasure. The general exclusions include where processing is necessary: [for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information; for compliance with a legal obligation; or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims].
8.6    In some circumstances you have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data. Those circumstances are: you contest the accuracy of the personal data; processing is unlawful but you oppose erasure; we no longer need the personal data for the purposes of our processing, but you require personal data for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; and you have objected to processing, pending the verification of that objection. Where processing has been restricted on this basis, we may continue to store your personal data. However, we will only otherwise process it: with your consent; for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person; or for reasons of important public interest.
8.7    You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation, but only to the extent that the legal basis for the processing is that the processing is necessary for: the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of any official authority vested in us; or the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party. If you make such an objection, we will cease to process the personal information unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing is for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
8.8    You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes (including profiling for direct marketing purposes). If you make such an objection, we will cease to process your personal data for this purpose.
8.9    You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes on grounds relating to your particular situation, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.
8.10  To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal data is:
(a)    consent; or
(b)    that the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are party or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract,
and such processing is carried out by automated means, you have the right to receive your personal data from us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. However, this right does not apply where it would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
8.11  If you consider that our processing of your personal information infringes data protection laws, you have a legal right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority responsible for data protection. You may do so in the EU member state of your habitual residence, your place of work or the place of the alleged infringement.
8.12  To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal information is consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. Withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of processing before the withdrawal.
8.13  You may exercise any of your rights in relation to your personal data by written notice to us.
9.     Our details
9.1  This website is owned and operated by LT Web
9.2  We are registered as a sole trader Christopher Brown trading as LT Web and our registered office is as below.
9.3  Our principal place of business is at the address below.
9.4  You can contact us at:
Postal Address:
Kalinka, La Tania,
Courchevel, 73120
FRANCE
Telephone: +33 (0) 479 01 14 50
Email: toffa@latania.co.uk
10.    Data protection officer
10.1  Our data protection officer's contact details are as above.
page last updated 01/04/20
SKI CHALETS
ACCOMMODATION SERVICES AND
SKI HIRE
BARS &
RESTAURANTS
TRANSFERS
AIRPORT CAR HIRE & FERRY BOOKINGS
Copyright ©1999-2020 www.latania.co.uk or we'll push in front of you for first lift etc. Feedback to toffa@latania.co.uk please