https://www.watfordfc.com/privacy-policy
Home
Introduction
This website, www.watfordfc.com (“Site”) is owned and operated by Watford Association Football Club Limited (company number 00104194) (“Watford FC”), registered office Vicarage Road Stadium, Vicarage Road, Watford Hertfordshire, WD18 0ER.
Watford FC is the Data Controller of personal data collected by us which you provide through the Site, for the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 (“DPA”) and the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (GDPR).
References to “we”, “us” and “our” in this policy are all references Watford FC.
Protecting your privacy is very important to us. This privacy policy (“Policy”) describes the types of personal data you provide and/or we collect via your use of the Site, what we may do with that personal data and your rights.
Personal data is defined as any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person ('data subject'); an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.
By submitting information and/or continuing to use the Site, you signify your consent to us using your personal data in accordance with this Policy.
We may need to change the terms of this Policy from time to time and changes will be posted on this page (and/or where appropriate, otherwise notified to you). Your continued use of the Site will be deemed to be acceptance of amendments we make. This Policy was last updated on 9 May 2018.
How we use your personal data
We request that the information you provide is as accurate as possible as this allows us to secure your privacy by differentiating you from others, and creating a “profile” for you so that we can provide a personalised service when you visit the Site and/or we send you emails. Periodically we may send you an email asking you to “Update your Details”.
The only items of personal data that it is obligatory to provide to receive information from us is your name, address, email address and date of birth. However, the more you tell us about yourself, the more we can tailor our communication to your needs. Use of services accessed through the Site may require you to provide further or specific types of information. We may in order to provide concessions to you ask for your Health Data which is special data as defined by GDPR. Use of this data will be restricted solely for determining whether you are entitled to concessionary prices
We use information about you for five primary purposes:
I.
To perform the services you have requested, such as sending you our newsletters and other information about us. The type of information we may use might include, for example, your name, address, email address, date of birth, telephone number and card or other payment details in relation to goods or services you purchase from us through the Site or otherwise. We will NEVER share your financial information with other third parties for any reason other than processing transactions, fraud and credit risk protection, unless we have your explicit consent.
II.
To enable you to participate in chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups on the Site on which you can post information and, where we deem necessary, to respond to any such posts you make. Information you post in these areas may become public information and must always comply with our Terms and Conditions.
III.
To alert you to other information, including offers and promotions, relating to us and/or our commercial partners. See below heading ‘Marketing Information’ for more information about this. For example, such information may include newsletters, offers, promotions, occasional surveys and other communications of potential interest from us or our commercial partners.
IV.
To carry out market research so that we can improve the products and services we offer. Your feedback is valued and helps to shape the products and services we offer.
V.
To manage and improve the Site and allow you to use the features offered by the Site. Information we use for this purpose may include (for example) that about your computer and, where available, your IP address, operating system and browser type.
We may also supplement the information that you provide with other information that we obtain from our dealings with you or which we receive from other organisations such as our commercial partners.
In addition, we reserve the right to perform statistical analysis of user behaviour and characteristics to measure interest in and use of the various areas of the Site and to ascertain the number of users that have visited particular web pages. We also keep track of what you do with our newsletters when you receive them for trends and statistics and to evaluate the efficiency of our newsletter and information service. We may provide aggregated and anonymised data (not identifying any individual) only from these analyses to third parties.
Marketing Information
We do not sell, rent, or otherwise provide personally identifiable information to third-parties without your consent, except only as set out in the ‘Disclosing (Sharing) Your Information’ section below.
From time-to-time we and/or our commercial partners would like to contact you to tell you more about the offers, services, products and other initiatives available to you.
We and/or our commercial partners will only contact you by electronic means if you have consented to this. However, if you are an existing customer (and have not opted out) we may contact you by email about services, products and initiatives similar to those you have previously received or enquired about.
If, at any time after registering, you would like to opt-out from receiving communications from us and our commercial partners you can do this at any time by clicking unsubscribe on any of our emails.
Cookies
The Site uses cookies. A cookie is a small file containing an identity code. With your consent, your computer accepts the cookie and stores it. When you next visit the Site, the code is retrieved, allowing an individual visitor or computer to be recognised. Full information on which cookies we deploy is available in our Cookie Policy .
We are not responsible or liable for the content, privacy policies or services offered by websites other than the Site, including those which link from the Site. We encourage you to read and familiarise yourself with the privacy policies, terms and conditions and/or other notices on other websites you visit.
Children and Young People
We realise and understand that children and young people under 16 (“minors”) may visit the Site, or otherwise interact with us and our commercial partners. It is our policy:
I.
to encourage all minors to consult with their parents or legal guardian before submitting any content or information to us, our commercial partners or other third parties. Users of the Site, or certain services on it, who indicate they are a minor will be asked to provide a valid email address for their parent or guardian so that we can verify parental consent;
II.
not to make a minor's participation in our activity contingent on the child disclosing any more personal information than is reasonably necessary in order to do so. Anyone known to be a minor may be allowed to participate in certain competitions and promotions, but notification of a win or prize will be sent directly to the parent or legal guardian identified in the initial registration process. Publication of a winning minor’s personal details will require parental or legal guardian consent;
III.
not to actively market to minors; and
IV.
not use (or pass to any third party) personal information on persons known to be minors for any commercial purposes.
Some of the facilities or functions accessible through the Site (including betting facilities advertised or accessed through it) are not intended to be accessible by, nor are they actively advertised to, minors.
Parents or legal guardians should supervise minors when online and we recommend parental control tools be put in place. Any minor using the Site and services offered is confirming that they have received the consent of their parent or a guardian to do so.
Storing and retaining your personal data
We are committed to protecting the security of your personal data, which is held in secure data centres in Europe in accordance with current legislative requirements, industry standards and technology. We will keep the personal data you have provided for as long as we have a relationship with you; once that relationship has ended we will retain it in accordance with this Policy only for as long as we reasonably require and it will then be deleted and destroyed.
Some of the organisations to which we may disclose your personal information (including, but not limited to, our commercial partners) may be situated outside of the European Economic Area, in which case data can only be transferred if an ‘Adequacy Decision or Privacy Shield’ as defined by GDPR is in place.
Security
Once your personal data is received we store it as set out in this Policy. Financial information you provide through the Site is also encrypted for additional security.
We cannot guarantee the complete security of our databases, nor that information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet.
If we have given you a password to access certain parts of the Site, you are solely responsible for keeping the password safe and make sure you use a secure browser.
Disclosure (sharing) of your information
We have already described in the ‘Marketing Information’ section of this Policy under what circumstances your personal information may be shared with our commercial partners.
In addition, there are some other reasons why we may disclose your personal information to third parties and these are as follows:
•
to other companies within our corporate group;
•
to appoint other organisations to carry out some data processing activities on our behalf. For example, mailing services, payment processing, hosting service providers, and to check your details against the Telephone Preference Service;
•
If we or substantially all of our assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by us about customers will be one of the transferred assets;
•
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data to comply with any legal obligation, or to enforce or apply our terms of use or terms and conditions of supply of any of the services provided by us (for example our ground regulations) and other agreements; and/or
•
to protect the rights, property, or safety of us, our commercial partners, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Where we share your personal information with third parties we will take reasonable steps to ensure that it is properly protected and processed in accordance with this Policy.
Your rights to:
All requests set out in this section or other queries relating to this Policy should be addressed to the Data Protection Officer at Watford Football Club, Vicarage Road Stadium, Vicarage Road, Watford Hertfordshire, WD18 0ER or DPO@watfordfc.com . Please include your name, address, and/or email address when you contact us.
Access Your Personal Data (Subject Access Requests (SARS)):
You have the right to see a copy of the data that we hold about you in a form that is acceptably to you. Watford FC
uses the following electronic formats to respond to SARs: Pdf, docx, xlsx, xlsm.
We will require you to provide identification when information is requested, Passport, Driving Licence, Birth Certificate, Bank Statement and Utility Bill (from last 3 months) are acceptable but note two forms of ID will be required.
Update and Amend Your Personal Information:
You have the right to ask that the data we hold about you is corrected by contacting us as above. We encourage you to update your personal information promptly if it changes.
Opt-out of Being Contacted:
You have the right to ask that we and/or our commercial partners stop contacting you by clicking Unsubscribe on any of our emails or by contacting the Data Protection Officer by email.
Close Your Account/Delete Your Personal Information:
You (and any parent/guardian of a minor) have the right to request that we close your account and/or delete your personal information from our database. We will make all reasonable efforts to comply with this request. However, it may not be possible to delete an entry without some delay and without retaining some residual personal information because of backups and records of deletions (including to ensure we no-longer communicate with you) or because we are required to retain personal information for other lawful requirements.
If you are dissatisfied with our response to any of your data privacy concerns you have the right to raise this with the Office of the Information Commissioner at Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF (https://ico.org.uk).
Next Game
Take me to
First Team News
Take me to
Ticket News
;
Fixtures
Results
News
Tickets
Shop
We use cookies on this site to enhance your user experience.
By clicking any link on this page you are giving your consent for us to set cookies