http://www.mhsobhc.com/privacy-policy
Cart
0
CLUB HISTORY
SPONSORS
LADIES HOCKEY
MEN'S HOCKEY
MASTERS HOCKEY
JUNIORS HOCKEY
TRAINING/ FIXTURES
FEES/ REGISTRATION
UNIFORMS
Contact
Home
About
News
Privacy PolicyThis privacy statement is applicable to MHSOBHC.COM and all its affiliates.The MHSOB Hockey Club policy is to respect and protect the privacy of our members.The MHSOB Hockey Club does not collect personally identifiable information about individuals except when such individuals specifically provide such information on a voluntary basis. For example, such personally identifiable information may be gathered from the registration process for subscription sites or services and in connection with content submissions, community postings (e.g., chat and bulletin boards), suggestions, voting/polling activities and transactional areas. Personally identifiable information on individual users will not be sold or otherwise transferred to unaffiliated third parties without the approval of the user at the time of collection. At such points of collection, the user will have the opportunity to indicate whether he or she would like to opt out of receiving promotional and/or marketing information about other products, services and offerings from MHSOB Hockey Club and/or any third parties. Further, notwithstanding any opt out of promotional information by the user, The MHSOB Hockey Club reserve the right to contact a subscriber regarding account status, changes to the subscriber agreement and other matters relevant to the underlying service and/or the information collected. The MHSOB Hockey Club may disclose user information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) the MHSOB Hockey Club rights or property, other MHSOB Hockey Club users, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. The MHSOB Hockey Club may disclose user information when we believe in good faith that the law requires it. The MHSOB Hockey Club reserve the right to perform statistical analyses of user behavior and characteristics in order to measure interest in and use of the various areas of the site and to inform advertisers of such information as well as the number of users that have been exposed to or clicked on their advertising banners. The MHSOB Hockey Club will provide only aggregated data from these analyses to third parties. Also, users should be aware that MHSOB Hockey Club may sometimes permit third parties to offer subscription and/or registration-based services through the MHSOB Hockey Club site. The MHSOB Hockey Club are not responsible for any actions or policies of such third parties and users should check the applicable privacy policy of such party when providing personally identifiable information. Additionally, users should be aware that when they voluntarily disclose personally identifiable information (e.g., user name, e-mail address) on the bulletin boards or in the chat areas of the MHSOB Hockey Club sites, that information, along with any substantive information disclosed in the user's communication, can be collected and correlated and used by third parties and may result in unsolicited messages from other posters or third parties. Such activities are beyond the control of the MHSOB Hockey Club. Users also should be aware that non-personal information and data may be automatically collected through the standard operation of the MHSOB Hockey Club internet servers or through the use of cookies. Cookies are small text files a web site can use to recognize repeat users, facilitate the user's ongoing access to and use of the site and allow a site to track usage behavior and compile aggregate data that will allow content improvements and targeted advertising. Cookies are not programs that come onto a user's system and damage files. Generally, cookies work by assigning a unique number to the user that has no meaning outside the assigning site. Users should be aware that the MHSOB Hockey Club cannot control the use of cookies or the resulting information by advertisers or third parties hosting data for the MHSOB Hockey Club. If a user does not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows the user to deny or accept the cookie feature; however, users should note that cookies may be necessary to provide the user with certain features (e.g., customized delivery of information) available on the MHSOB Hockey Club Site. Upon request, the MHSOB Hockey Club will allow any user to opt out of further promotional contacts at any time. Additionally upon request, the MHSOB Hockey Club will use reasonable efforts to allow users to update/correct personal information previously submitted which the user states is erroneous to the extent such activities will not compromise privacy or security interests. Also, upon a user's request, the MHSOB Hockey Club will use commercially reasonable efforts to functionally delete the user and his or her personal information from its database; however, it may be impossible to delete a user's entry without some residual information because of backups and records of deletions. The foregoing policies are effective as of March, 2006. The MHSOB Hockey Club reserve the right to change this policy at any time by notifying users of the existence of a new privacy statement. This statement and the policies outlined herein are not intended to and do not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party. By using this site, you signify your assent to the MHSOB Hockey Club Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our sites. Your continued use of the MHSOB Hockey Club sites following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes. If you have questions or concerns regarding this Web site's privacy statement, you should first contact the club via e-mail.