https://www.stokesleygolfrange.co.uk/privacy/
01642 714856
information@stokesleygolfrange.co.uk
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Opening Hours
Terms and Conditions
This website is published by Stokesley Golf Range LTD.
Our England and Wales company registration number is 07712469.
Our registered address is Angrove West Farm, Great Ayton, Middlesbrough, TS9 6QA
When you use this website the following terms and conditions apply to your visit.
These terms and conditions of use, together with our privacy policy, constitute the entire agreement between us and you in relation to your use of this website, and supersedes all earlier versions of this document.
Licence
Stokesley Golf Range Ltd owns the intellectual property rights to this website and all rights are reserved. You are permitted to view, cache and print pages for personal use but you must not:
Republish any material from this website without our permission.
Sell, reproduce, copy or rent any material from this website for commercial purposes.
Trademarks
Stokesley Golf Range Ltd acknowledges all registered trademarks or service marks are the property of their respective owners. We give no permission for the use of any trademarks.
Law and jurisdiction
These terms and conditions of use are governed by and construed in accordance with English law. Any disputes relating to these terms of use will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
If any provision of these terms of use is determined by any court or other competent authority to be unlawful and/or unenforceable, the other provisions will continue in effect.
Acceptable use
You agree not to use this website in any way that:
Damages or affects the availability or accessibility of the website.
Is illegal, fraudulent or harmful or in connection with any unlawful harmful purpose or activity.
Facilitates the spread of spyware, computer viruses, worms, keyloggers, rootkits or other malicious computer software.
Collects data including, but not limited to, website scraping, data mining, data extraction or data harvesting without our permission.
Transmits or sends unsolicited email or other communications.
If you access restricted areas of this website you must ensure your username and password information remains confidential.
We reserve the right to disable or delete your access without notice or explanation.
Links to other websites
This website includes links to other websites. Except where specifically stated these links are not recommendations. You acknowledge that:
We do not approve, monitor or control the identity, credit worthiness, security or accuracy of any information published on other websites.
We are not responsible for any goods or services you may have entered into as a result of leaving this website.
Stokesley Golf Range Ltd publishes some information supplied by third parties that we do not check, audit or monitor for accuracy and we do not accept any liability for any loss, damage, mediation or obligation arising from contracts entered into as a result of your visit to any other website.
Limited warranties
We do not warrant any information published on this website is accurate, complete or up-to-date or that the website will available.
To the extent permitted by applicable law we exclude all representations, warranties and conditions relating to this website including, without limitation, any warranties implied by law of satisfactory quality, fitness for purpose and/or the use of reasonable care and skill.
Limitations and exclusions of liability
Nothing in these terms of use will:
Limit or exclude our or your liability for death or personal injury resulting from negligence.
Limit or exclude our or your liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation.
Limit any of our or your liabilities in any way that is not permitted under applicable law.
Exclude any of our or your liabilities that may not be excluded under applicable law.
This website, information and services are provided free and we do not accept liability for any loss or damage of any nature. Specifically we will not be liable for:
Any losses arising out of any event or events beyond our reasonable control.
Any business losses, including, but without limitation, loss of profits, income, or goodwill.
Any loss or corruption of any data, database or software.
Any special, indirect or consequential loss or damage.
You accept that we are a limited liability entity and agree that you will not bring any claim against individual officers or employees in respect of any losses you suffer in connection with this website or these terms of use.
You agree to the publication of comments, ratings, reviews and/or feedback relating to you, by us and others, on our websites.
You acknowledge that such comments, ratings, reviews and/or feedback may be critical or defamatory or otherwise unlawful; and you agree that you will not hold us liable in respect of any such comments, ratings, reviews and/or feedback, irrespective of whether we are aware or should have been aware of such comments, reviews and/or feedback.
Indemnity
You hereby indemnify Stokesley Golf Range Ltd against any losses, damages, costs, liabilities and expenses we incur or suffer arising from any any breach by you of these terms of use or arising out of any claim that you have breached any provision of these terms of use.
Breaches of these terms of use
Without prejudice to our other rights if you breach these terms of use in any way, or if we reasonably suspect that you have breached these terms of use in any way, we may:
Block computers using your IP address from accessing this website
Contact your internet services provider and request they block your access to this website.
Take out court proceedings against you.
Terms of use changes
This page is updated from time to time.
Cookie Notice
Recent Posts
Thanks to our Staff
Strict Covid-19 Guidelines Observed at all times
We are Reopening
Brand New Disc Golf Launching Saturday 7th March 2020
Crazy Golf and FootGolf January Special Offer