https://www.thetba.co.uk/privacy-policy/#cookies
Privacy Policy - The Thoroughbred Breeders Association
Search for:
Contact
Login
My Basket
0
No products in the basket.
Join us
Home
About us
History
TBA Centenary
AGM
Representation
TBA Policies
People
Support Us
Donate
Veterinary Research Fund
Legacies
Foal Levy
Sales Levy
Getting Started
Broodmare Ownership Guide
Find a Boarding Farm
Find an Agent
Selling & Leasing
The Thoroughbred Club
Equine Health & Welfare
Horse Welfare Responsibilities
Post Mortem Subsidy
Equine Disease Surveillance
Breeding Codes of Practice
CEM Certificates
Breed Protection
Stallion Showcases
Elite NH Mares Scheme
3-2-1 Point-to-Point Bonus
Awards
Race Support
Great British Bonus
Stayers
Careers & Education
Careers
The Breeding Industry Pathway
Helping You Choose
Professional Development
Education
News
Events
Renew Membership
Contact
Search for:
01638 661321
info@thetba.co.uk
Privacy Policy
1. Introduction
1.1       We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors and members.
1.2       This policy applies where we are acting as a data controller with respect to the personal data of our website visitors and members; in other words, where we determine the purposes and means of the processing of that personal data.
1.3       We will ask you to consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy when you first visit our website.
1.4       In this policy, “we”, “us” and “our” refer to The Thoroughbred Breeders’ Association or “The TBA” for short. For more information about us, see Section 12.
2. How we use your personal data
2.1       In this Section 2 we have set out:
(a)       the general categories of personal data that we may process;
(b)       the purposes for which we may process personal data; and
(c)       the legal bases of the processing.
2.2       We process data about your use of our website and services (“usage data“). The usage data may include your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths, as well as information about the timing, frequency and pattern of your service use. The source of the usage data is our analytics tracking system. This usage data may be processed for the purposes of analysing the use of the website and services. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely monitoring and improving our website and services.
2.3       We may process your account data (“account data“). The account data may include your name, company name (if applicable), address, gender, date of birth, contact telephone numbers and email address. The account data may be processed for the purposes of operating our website, providing our membership services, ensuring the security of our website, maintaining back-ups of our databases and communicating with you. The legal basis for this processing is the performance of the membership contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract.
2.4       We process your personal data that are provided in the course of the use of our membership services (“service data“). The service data may include the account data specified above plus any prizes or awards you have received, the number of brood mares you have, TBA events you have attended and schemes you have joined. The service data is processed for the purposes of operating our website, providing our membership services, ensuring the security of our website and membership services, maintaining back-ups of our databases and communicating with you. The legal basis for this processing is the performance of the membership contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract.
2.5       We process information contained in any enquiry you submit to us regarding membership (“enquiry data“). The enquiry data are processed for the purposes of offering, marketing and selling relevant membership services to you. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate business interests, namely responding to membership enquiries in an efficient and helpful manner.
2.6       We process information relating to transactions, including purchases of your membership or other goods and services that we offer and  that you enter into with us and/or through our website or as a result of your membership with the TBA (“transaction data“). The transaction data includes your contact details, your card details and the transaction details. The transaction data are processed for the purpose of supplying the purchased goods and services and keeping proper records of those transactions. The legal basis for this processing is the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract and our legitimate interests, namely our interest in the proper administration of our website and membership scheme.
2.7       We may process information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our email notifications and/or newsletters (“notification data“). The notification data may be processed for the purposes of sending you the relevant notifications and/or newsletters. The legal basis for this processing is your consent to receive such email notifications and / or newsletters as part of the membership services from the TBA.
2.8       We process information contained in or relating to any communication that you may send to us (“correspondence data“). The correspondence data may include the communication content and metadata associated with the communication. Our website will generate the metadata associated with communications made using the website contact forms. The correspondence data may be processed for the purposes of communicating with you and record-keeping. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business and communications with users.
2.9       We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the protection and assertion of our legal rights, your legal rights and the legal rights of others.
2.10     We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, or obtaining professional advice. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper protection of our business against risks.
2.11     In addition to the specific purposes for which we may process your personal data set out in this Section 2, we may also process any of your personal data where such processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
2.12     Please do not supply any other person’s personal data to us, unless you have permission from that person to do so.
3. Providing your personal data to others
3.1       We may disclose your personal data to our insurers and/or professional advisers insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, obtaining professional advice, or the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
3.2       We may disclose your postal or email address to our email and postal subcontractors insofar as reasonably necessary for posting your monthly Thoroughbred Owner and Breeder Magazine and for mailings from the TBA and emailing membership information.
3.3       Financial transactions relating to our website and services are handled by our payment services providers, namely PayPal. We will share transaction data with our payment services providers only to the extent necessary for the purposes of processing your payments, refunding such payments and dealing with complaints and queries relating to such payments and refunds. You can find information about the payment services providers’ privacy policies and practices at https://www.paypal.com/en/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
3.4       We may disclose your data to one or more of industry bodies such as Weatherbys or the RCA for the purpose of running various TBA schemes such as the National Hunt Mare Owners’ Prize Scheme and the Breeders Badge Scheme.
3.5       In addition to the specific disclosures of personal data set out in this Section 3, we may disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person. We may also disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
4. International transfers of your personal data
4.1       We do not transfer your information outside of the European Economic Area save to IT Service Providers, as set out below:
The Rocket Science Group LLC d/b/a MailChimp.
4.2       The hosting facilities for our website are situated in UK. The European Commission has made an “adequacy decision” with respect to the data protection laws of each of these countries. Transfers to each of these countries will be protected by appropriate safeguards, namely the use of standard data protection clauses adopted or approved by the European Commission, a copy of which you can obtain from; https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/data-transfers-outside-eu/adequacy-protection-personal-data-non-eu-countries_en
4.3       The following subcontractors are located outside the EU:
The Rocket Science Group LLC d/b/a MailChimp.
The European Commission has made an “adequacy decision” with respect to the data protection laws of each of these countries. Transfers to each of these countries will be protected by appropriate safeguards, namely [the use of standard data protection clauses adopted or approved by the European Commission, a copy of which can be obtained from; https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/data-transfers-outside-eu/adequacy-protection-personal-data-non-eu-countries_en
4.4       You acknowledge that personal data that you submit for publication through our website or services may be available, via the internet, around the world. We cannot prevent the use (or misuse) of such personal data by others.
5. Retaining and deleting personal data
5.1       This Section 5 sets out our data retention policies and procedure, which are designed to help ensure that we comply with our legal obligations in relation to the retention and deletion of personal data.
5.2       Personal data that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.
5.3       We may retain your personal data where such retention is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
6. Amendments
6.1       We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website.
6.2       You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes to this policy.
7. Your rights
7.1       In this Section 7, we have summarised the rights that you have under data protection law. Some of the rights are complex, and not all of the details have been included in our summaries. Accordingly, you should read the relevant laws and guidance from the regulatory authorities for a full explanation of these rights.
7.2       Your principal rights under data protection law are:
(a)       the right to access;
(b)       the right to rectification;
(c)       the right to erasure;
(d)       the right to restrict processing;
(e)       the right to object to processing;
(f)        the right to data portability;
(g)       the right to complain to a supervisory authority; and
(h)       the right to withdraw consent.
7.3       You have the right to confirmation as to whether or not we process your personal data and, where we do, access to the personal data, together with certain additional information. That additional information includes details of the purposes of the processing, the categories of personal data concerned and the recipients of the personal data. Providing the rights and freedoms of others are not affected, we will supply to you a copy of your personal data. The first copy will be provided free of charge, but additional copies may be subject to a reasonable fee.
7.4       You have the right to have any inaccurate personal data about you rectified and, taking into account the purposes of the processing, to have any incomplete personal data about you completed.
7.5       In some circumstances you have the right to the erasure of your personal data without undue delay. Those circumstances include: the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed; you withdraw consent to consent-based processing; you object to the processing under certain rules of applicable data protection law; the processing is for direct marketing purposes; and the personal data have been unlawfully processed. However, there are exclusions of the right to erasure. The general exclusions include where processing is necessary: for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information; for compliance with a legal obligation; or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
7.6       In some circumstances you have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data. Those circumstances are: you contest the accuracy of the personal data; processing is unlawful but you oppose erasure; we no longer need the personal data for the purposes of our processing, but you require personal data for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; and you have objected to processing, pending the verification of that objection. Where processing has been restricted on this basis, we may continue to store your personal data. However, we will only otherwise process it: with your consent; for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person; or for reasons of important public interest.
7.7       You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation, but only to the extent that the legal basis for the processing is that the processing is necessary for: the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of any official authority vested in us; or the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party. If you make such an objection, we will cease to process the personal information unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing is for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
7.8       You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes (including profiling for direct marketing purposes). If you make such an objection, we will cease to process your personal data for this purpose.
7.9       You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes on grounds relating to your particular situation, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.
7.10     If you consider that our processing of your personal information infringes data protection laws, you have a legal right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority responsible for data protection. You may do so in the EU member state of your habitual residence, your place of work or the place of the alleged infringement.
7.11     To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal information is consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. Withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of processing before the withdrawal.
7.12     You may exercise any of your rights in relation to your personal data by written notice to us, in addition to the other methods specified in this Section 7.
8. About cookies
8.1       A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
8.2       Cookies may be either “persistent” cookies or “session” cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
8.3       Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
9. Cookies that we use
9.1       We use cookies for the following purposes:
(a)       authentication – we use cookies to identify you when you visit our website and as you navigate our website.
(b)       status – we use cookies to help us to determine if you are logged into our website.
(c)       personalisation – we use cookies to store information about your preferences and to personalise the website for you.
(d)       security – we use cookies as an element of the security measures used to protect user accounts, including preventing fraudulent use of login credentials, and to protect our website and services generally.
(e)       advertising – we use cookies to help us to display advertisements that will be relevant to you.
(f)        analysis – we use cookies to help us to analyse the use and performance of our website and services.
(g)       cookie consent – we use cookies to store your preferences in relation to the use of cookies more generally.
We use the following cookies for the above: Google Analytics, WordPress, WordPress Commerce, Twitter, Anti-spam, Cookie consent.
10. Cookies used by our service providers
10.1     Our service providers use cookies and those cookies may be stored on your computer when you visit our website.
10.2     We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of our website. Google Analytics gathers information about website use by means of cookies. The information gathered relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of our website. Google’s privacy policy is available at: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/. The relevant cookie is the Google Analytics tracking cookie. .
10.3     We use YouTube] to display video content on our website. This service uses cookies for advertising. You can view the privacy policy of this service provider at www.youtube.com. The relevant cookies are: ad sense.
11. Managing cookies
11.1     Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies. The methods for doing so vary from browser to browser, and from version to version. You can however obtain up-to-date information about blocking and deleting cookies via these links:
(a)       https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en (Chrome);
(b)       https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences (Firefox);
(c)       http://www.opera.com/help/tutorials/security/cookies/ (Opera);
(d)       https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies (Internet Explorer);
(e)       https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411 (Safari); and
(f)        https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-10-microsoft-edge-and-privacy (Edge).
11.2     Blocking all cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.
11.3     If you block cookies, you will not be able to use all the features on our website.
12. Our details
12.1     This website is owned and operated by The Thoroughbred Breeders Association.
12.2     We are registered in England and Wales under registration number 07073259, and our registered office is at Stanstead House, 8, The Avenue, Newmarket, Suffolk, CB8 9AA.
12.3     Our principal place of business is at the registered address above.
12.4     You can contact us:
(a)       by post, to the postal address given above;
(b)       using our website contact form;
(c)       by telephone, on 01638 661321; or
(d)       by email, using the email address published on our website from time to time or annette.bell@thetba.co.uk.
Become a Member
Join the TBA today
Whatever your interest or business, if you have one broodmare or an operation of 20, or if you’re not even a breeder but an ardent racing enthusiast, the TBA membership package offers fantastic benefits.
We’re Social
01638 661321    thetba.co.uk    info@thetba.co.uk
About usAbout us
History
TBA Centenary
AGM
Representation
TBA Policies
People
Legal & InformationWebsite and Membership Terms
Privacy Policy
Cookies
MembershipBecome a Member
Members Area
ActivityUpcoming Events
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
© The Thoroughbred Breeders Association 2020 • All Rights Reserved | Reg. charity no. 1134293
Design Monkey Media Ltd
Sign in
New account
Remember me
Log in
Forgot your password?
Create account
Lost your password? Please enter your email address. You will receive mail with link to set new password.
Reset password
Back to login
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy