http://www.wwe.com/main-help/generalfaq/candidate-privacy-policy
Skip to main content
WWE Network
Shows
Superstars
Tickets
Shop
wwe network
Subscribe Now
Featured
WWE PPV
Raw
SmackDown
NXT
In-Ring
Originals
Watch Now
wwe network
Subscribe Now
Home
WWE Network
Featured
WWE PPV
Raw
SmackDown
NXT
In-Ring
Originals
Watch Now
Shows
Superstars
Tickets
Shop
WWE Privacy & Information Security Practices For Candidates of WWE Careers Site (“Policy”)
Last Updated: May 24, 2018
Welcome to the WWE Careers Site http://corporate.wwe.com (“Site”), located at http://corporate.wwe.com/careers/careers-overview.  The Site is provided by World Wrestling Entertainment, Inc. (“WWE,” "we," "us" and “our” etc.).  When we refer to “you,” we mean each user of the Site. Providing Personal Information to us through the Site is voluntary.  However, if you fail to provide sufficient information, WWE may be unable to consider your employment application or, if you are currently employed by WWE, your subsequent promotion, transfer or relocation.
This Policy provides information about the privacy and security practices regarding Personal Information collected on the Site. This Policy applies to the Personal Information collected on the Site and, if we contact you after submission of your application for consideration as a potential independent contractor/talent, it will also apply to additional Personal Information collected as you move forward in the application process.
This Policy is part of (and incorporated into) the Terms and Conditions (“Terms”) for WWE websites generally, so you must read the Terms in addition to this Policy. As used in the Terms, “this website” or “WWE Website” includes the Site; in the event of a conflict between the Terms and this Policy, this Policy shall control; this Policy shall also apply instead of the privacy policy that applies to www.WWE.com. Personal information submitted elsewhere on WWE’s and its affiliates’ web sites will be used in accordance with our general online Privacy Policy.
By using the site, registering for an account, or by submitting an application, you agree to all of this Policy without change. If you do not agree, do not do any of the foregoing activities.
Definitions and links to important details
In addition to other definitions that appear in this Policy, the following terms have the following meanings as used in this Policy:
“Disclose” (and variations such as “Disclosure”) means fulfilling, revealing, displaying, sharing, making available, transferring, selling or leasing or licensing (subject to this Policy and applicable laws).
“Personal information” or “PI” means information that identifies you as an individual or relates to an identifiable person.
“Use” means collecting, receiving, accessing (or barring access), verifying or investigating, storing, combining Personal Information.
Law Applicable to Application
The Site allows you to apply for jobs world-wide, as a benefit of WWE’s centralized global recruitment function. We are located in, and the Site is operated from, the United States of America. If you are requested to audition with us, you will do that at our U.S. training facility. Accordingly, any PI you submit to the Site will collected in the United States and will be subject to U.S. laws. Your PI also may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers, and by using the Site you consent to the transfer of information to countries outside of your country of residence, including the United States, which may have data protection rules that are different from those of your country. However, if we share your PI with an affiliate located in another country in its capacity as a potential employer, the affiliate will handle your PI in accordance with this Policy. Any hiring or other employment-related decisions will be made by the hiring affiliate in accordance with the laws of the country where the job will be located.
We may try to translate our Site into various languages to help visitors understand the Terms and this Policy, but the English version of those documents is the binding version and we do not guarantee the translations. You are responsible for obtaining assistance if any is needed to understand the English version and for compliance with the laws of your country.
What Personal Information do we collect?
Below are examples of types of PI we may collect directly from you. Much of this is part of your WWE employment application. Any information you submit through the Site must be true, complete and not misleading. Submitting inaccurate, incomplete, or misleading information may lead to a rejection of your application during the application process or disciplinary action including immediate termination of employment. In addition, it is your responsibility to ensure that information you submit does not violate any third party’s rights.
Contact PI (such as your name, postal and email address, home and cell phone numbers).
Qualification PI to help us determine if you meet our employment criteria (such as your professional and other work-related license, permits and certifications held).
PI that you provide, such as PI in a resume that you provide or in other communications from you.
PI about others such as the name of a reference for you or PI about third parties that might be in a photo or video you send us. If you provide us with PI of a reference or any other individual as part of your application, it is your responsibility to obtain consent from that individual prior to providing the information to us.
PI that is sensitive information. We ask that you avoid submitting the following sensitive information, except where such information is legally required: race, color, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, nationality, national origin, ethnic origin, religion, beliefs or creed, age, disability, marital status, veteran status or genetic information. For applicants in the EU, we also ask that you not submit trade union membership information.
To the extent the PI you provide contains details of your: racial or ethnic origin; political opinions or beliefs; religious beliefs; membership in a trade union or political party; physical or mental health or condition; sexual orientation; commission (or alleged commission) of an offence or related proceedings; job evaluations or educational records, you expressly authorize WWE to handle such details for the purposes of your job application.
Post Application PI. If we contact you after application submission, we’ll tell you about the next step and will collect additional PI. For example, if we schedule a personal interview, we might collect travel PI. Later steps involve additional PI, e.g., all prospective WWE employees are required to extensive background searches prior to joining WWE.
How do we collect your Personal Information?
Through the Site: We collect your Personal Information when you submit an application through the Site.
From other people or records such as recruiting and staffing agencies, personal and employer references, public records and other publicly available sources (including but not limited to lawfully accessible social networks), and from service providers (e.g., in later stages of the employment process, service providers such as consumer reporting agencies will do background checks as permitted by applicable law).
From physical facilities. We might also collect or receive PI from technologies other than the Site. For example, if you interview at a physical facility, you will supply PI in order to gain access and your image might be captured on cameras (internal or external).
How do we Use and Disclose the Personal Information we collect?
We will Use or Disclose collected PI in connection with your WWE Careers application and for all purposes described in this Policy or inherent in finding, investigating, engaging, using, terminating and otherwise dealing with employees in general and each potential or retained employee. This includes Disclosures relating to our business missions, operations, obligations and rights, and also engaging in the activities (and related activities) for which we collect the PI. For example (without limitation), we may Use and/or Disclose PI for the following purposes:
to process your application. We will engage in these activities to manage our prospective contractual relationship with you, based on our legitimate interests;
to assess your capabilities and qualifications for a job. We will engage in these activities to manage our prospective contractual relationship with you, based on our legitimate interests;
We will engage in these activities to comply with a legal obligation or based on our legitimate interests;
to preserve our legitimate interests, for example, to send administrative information to you, such as information regarding the Site and changes to our terms, conditions and policies, to aggregate management reporting, internal training, to personalize your experience on the Site, or as generally required to conduct our business within WWE and its affiliates;
to respond to your inquiries and fulfill your requests, and to send you information about changes to our terms and policies. We will engage in these activities to manage our prospective contractual relationship with you;
to comply with or monitor compliance with any applicable law or regulation. We will engage in these activities to comply with a legal obligation or based on our legitimate interests;
to conduct background checks if we offer you a position. We will engage in these activities to comply with a legal obligation or based on our legitimate interests; and
for security, anti-fraud, authentication and verification purposes, including (without limitation) searching public records or publicly available information (such as information on the Internet that the public can see). We will engage in these activities to comply with a legal obligation or based on our legitimate interests.
We disclose PI to:
to our affiliates for the purposes described in this Policy. World Wrestling Entertainment, Inc. will remain responsible for personal information that is jointly used with affiliates. You can consult a list of and location of our affiliates here [link to list of affiliates];
to Third Party Services (see “What Third Party Services may we use”);
to personnel with a business need to know the information for the purposes described in this Policy, including personnel in the recruiting, human resources and information technology departments, and in the department responsible for the position for which you are applying;
to third party service providers that provide services such as hosting and operating the Site, recruiting assistance, background check processing, and similar services;
to a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings);
as we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law, which may include laws outside your country of residence; (b) to respond to requests from courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies, and other public and government authorities, which may include such authorities outside your country of residence; (c) to enforce our terms and conditions; and (d) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others.
Where none of these reasons apply, your decision to provide us Personal Information is voluntary. If we collect or process Personal Information based on your consent, you may withdraw your consent at any time.
Subject to applicable law, we reserve the right to make all lawful uses of PI worldwide.
The information about you will be added to our international candidate database and may be used to consider you for opportunities at WWE and its affiliates other than the one(s) for which you apply. If you do not wish us to do this, please email privacy@wwe.com. If we hire you, Personal Information we collect in connection with your application may be incorporated into our human resources system and may be used to manage the new-hire process; any such information may become part of your employee file and may be used for other employment-related purposes.
Transfer of Information
Disclosing your personal information can include transferring personal information to other countries, including the United States or any other country in which we or our service providers have operations. If you are located in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”) this may include countries outside of the EEA. Some of these countries are recognized by the European Commission as providing an adequate level of protection according to EEA standards (the full list of these countries is available here [hyperlink to EU Commission’s adequacy list online: https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/data-transfers-o.... As for transfers to other countries, we have put in place adequate measures, such as standard contractual clauses adopted by the European Commission to protect your information. You may obtain a copy of these measures by contacting us using the address in the ‘Contact Us’ section below or by following this link: https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/data-transfers-o...
Legal Process and Related Disclosures
By “legal process” we mean things that we might have to comply with by law. Examples include things like subpoenas (private, grand jury or other), warrants, identity theft requests, requests for information about an anonymous speaker, investigative demands (from law enforcement, regulators or others), or national or international security letters or demands etc. We will comply as required by law. We also reserve the right voluntarily to cooperate with the requesting party or to comply if we think that may help protect someone (including you, us or others) or some property (of ours, yours, or others).
Sometimes the law will preclude us from telling you about the legal process. In other circumstances we might be allowed to tell you but it might not be practical or inadvisable to do so. We will determine in our sole discretion whether to make an allowed contact (e.g., we might give you notice of a subpoena so that you can go to court and obtain an order allowing us not comply -- but we might not make contact if there is concern that such might facilitate potential harm). You agree that we may do all of the foregoing.
What about cookies and other technologies?
Technologies such as: cookies, beacons, tags, scripts, and similar technologies are used by WWE, our affiliates and advertising partners and our partners who serve content on our Services. For more information about the Tracking Technologies we use read our Cookie Policy.  To manage Flash cookies, please click here.
We do not respond to browser do-not-track signals at this time.
Log Files
As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically through our Services and store such information in log files. This information may include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data. We do not link this automatically collected data to other information we collect about you.
Third Party Ad Servers and Advertisements
Ads appearing on our websites may be delivered to you by DoubleClick, or by other third party advertising companies. Information about your visits to our websites and third party websites, such as number of times you have viewed an ad, date/time at which the ads were shown, the advertisers' cookies (browser or Flash) or other technologies, and the IP address of the computer you use is used to serve ads to you on our websites. We do not have access to the cookies that may be placed by our third party advertising companies. We share website usage information about visitors to our websites with these companies for our purposes, and for their purposes, which include – for example – managing and targeting advertisements, measuring their effectiveness, and for market research analysis. For these purposes, we and third-party advertising companies we use may note the pages you visit on our sites. For more information about DoubleClick, please see http://www.google.com/doubleclick/ and http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy.
What Third Party Services may we use?
We use third-party systems and services for a variety of purposes (collectively, “Third Party Services”). These third parties may have their own terms of use and privacy policies, which may apply to you.
We also use Third Party Services to help us analyze what you and others do at our Site and to do everything else that we may lawfully do with PI or other information. That data tends to be stored on the third party’s servers and analyzed to provide reports and information to us. An example would be companies that provide data analytic services to us such as Google Analytics.
We use Google Analytics, which uses cookies and similar technologies to collect and analyze information about use of the Site and report on activities and trends. This service may also collect information regarding the use of other websites, apps and online resources. You can learn about Google’s practices by going to www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/, and opt out of them by downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on, available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
We also use Third Party Services to help us track Site visitors. Third Party Services may use Technologies to do this. The Third Party Services may do this for our benefit, or for the benefit of third parties. For example, we use Google’s DoubleClick service. For more information about the privacy practices associated with DoubleClick, please visit https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/. You may be able to opt out of some of the cookies used by Third Party Services by using the options available at http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/, although we do not guarantee that such elections will work as desired.
Third Party Services will change from time to time and we may update this Policy. This Policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy, information or other practices of any third parties, including any third party operating any site or service to which the Site link. The inclusion of a link on the Site does not imply endorsement of the linked site or service by us or by our affiliates.
What about security of Personal Information?
We seek to use reasonable organizational, technical and administrative measures to protect Personal Information within our organization. Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that the security of your account has been compromised), please immediately notify us at privacy@wwe.com.
WWE hereby disclaims, as far as permitted by local laws, any liability for itself and its affiliates and contractors for any PI we collect in connection with your application that is lost, misused, illegally accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed or not timely delivered to the Site.
Do not send sensitive information to us via email. It is your sole responsibility to use the appropriate level of care whenever you communicate with us.
How can you access, change or suppress your Personal Information?
If you register on the Site and want to access, review, and change PI that we hold about you, you may use the Site functionality that lets you review and edit your entries. The updated profile will be used as the default the next time you apply for a job using your account online. To change PI that you have already submitted for consideration for a specific position, please update your profile and resubmit your application for that position. We encourage you to promptly update your PI if it changes or is inaccurate. You can and should update your contact information so that we can reach you.
For other changes, you may, where permitted by applicable law, request to review, access, correct, update, restrict, object to the processing of, suppress or delete your personal information; request that we cease using your personal information as permitted by applicable law; or request a copy or portability of your personal information. You may make a request for us to update eligible PI by contacting us at privacy@wwe.com. If applicable law requires us to accept requests by other means, please email that address to learn about them. We will respond to your request consistent with applicable law.
In your request, please make clear what PI you would like to access or have changed, whether you would like to have PI that you have provided to us suppressed from our database or otherwise let us know what limitations you would like to put on our use of your PI. For your protection, we may only implement requests with respect to the information associated with the particular email address that you use to send us your request, and we may need to verify your identity before implementing your request. We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable. Please note that certain PI may be exempt from such access, correction, or suppression rights pursuant to local data protection laws.
Currently, we do not charge for responding to such requests, but reserve the right to do so. If we have a duty to require third parties to delete or cease using PI, you agree that we may satisfy it by sending them notice to do so.
Additional Information for the EEA
You also may:
Contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO) by sending an email to wwedpo@wwe.com or calling (203) 674-6544.
Lodge a complaint with a data protection authority for your country or region or where an alleged infringement of applicable data protection law occurs. A list of data protection authorities is available at http://ec.europa.eu/newsroom/article29/item-detail.cfm?item_id=612080.
How long do we keep PI?
We will retain PI for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. The criteria used to determine our retention periods are: (i) the duration of the application process; (ii) as long as we have an ongoing relationship with you; (iii) as required by a legal obligation to which we are subject; and (iv) as advisable in light of our legal position (such as in regard of applicable statutes of limitations, litigation, or regulatory investigations).
We may also retain your information for the purpose of considering whether your skills are suitable for other opportunities. If you do not wish us to do this, please email us at privacy@wwe.com. We may remove PI for inactive accounts from our database, subject to any applicable legal or regulatory obligations. Furthermore, WWE may delete PI about you (including your CV/résumé) from our database at any time and without providing any reason. Therefore, please retain your own copy of the PI provided to us.
Diversity
WWE is an equal opportunity employer, which means we offer equal treatment to all applicants. WWE does not discriminate, either directly or indirectly, on the grounds of race, color, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, nationality, national origin, ethnic origin, religion, beliefs or creed, age, disability, marital status, veteran status or genetic information in any area of recruitment. In some countries we ask for information on the ethnic origin, gender and disability of our applicants for the purpose of monitoring equal opportunity. If you have a disability and would like to indicate as part of your application any relevant effects of your disability and any adjustment which you consider should reasonably be made to the process to assist your application, please do so in the relevant field during the application process.
Notice of a Security Breach
If we or any of our service providers are required to provide notice of unauthorized access to, Use of, or other Disclosure of PI about you, you agree that to the extent allowed under applicable law, we (or they) may do so voluntarily or when required by posting notice on the Site, sending notice to an e-mail or other “e” address we have for you (or that you have authorized for other communications) or by any other method allow by law or contract, in our (or their) sole discretion.
What about children?
This Site is not directed to individuals under the age of 18, and we request that they not provide PI through the Site. We do not accept applications from minors. WWE applicants must be over the age at which they may enter into a legally binding contract with us under the law of any state or jurisdiction of which they are a citizen.
What about identity theft?
If you believe you are a victim of identity theft, you might be entitled by law to request certain information from us. You can do this by writing us at Our Legal Notices Address. If we receive a request, we will then explain what information we require in order to respond. Once we have all of the required information, we will supply, without charge, any information that we then have which we are legally required to provide (subject to applicable law, and reserving all rights and defenses).
What about links to third-party websites?
This Policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy, information or other practices of any third parties, including any third party operating any website or service to which the Site links. The inclusion of a link on the Site does not imply endorsement of the linked site or service by [Company] or our affiliates.
What about changes to this Policy?
WWE reserves the right to change this Policy at any time. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes here and we will change the "Updated" date at the top of this page. If we make any material changes we will notify you by e-mail (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a prominent notice on this site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to visit this area frequently to stay informed.
What about current employees?
If you currently work for WWE or one of our affiliates, you must be eligible to apply for a different position within WWE to use the Site. If you accept such a position, your benefits programs and Human Resources policies may change. Please consult with the HR manager for the new position concerning application eligibility, benefit programs, and HR policies applicable to that position.
The Site is not intended for distribution to, or use by, any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use would be contrary to local law or regulation.
Contact Information
If you have any questions about this Policy, please contact us at privacy@wwe.com or
WWE Legal Department, 1241 E. Main St., Stamford, CT 06902.
Because email communications are not always secure, please do not include sensitive information in your emails to us.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.
Corporate
Corporate
Careers
Community
Contact
WWE.com
WWE News
WWE Videos
WWE Photos
WWE Worldwide
About
Privacy Policy
Copyright
Terms of Use
Cookie Preferences
Do Not Sell My Info
Help
Security
Help Center
Redeem Gift Card
Cookie Policy
Global Sites
Spanish
Arabic
toggle menuHome
Shows
Superstars
Tickets & Events
Shop
WWE Network
languages
English
languages
Back
English
German
Spanish
Arabic
Sign in
Follow WWE on Facebook
Follow WWE on Twitter
Follow WWE on Instagram
Follow WWE on Reddit
Follow WWE on YouTube
WWE News
WWE Photos
WWE Videos
Corporate
Careers
Community
Contact
Worldwide
WWE Music
WWE Studios
Privacy Policy
Copyright
Terms & Conditions
FAQ
Redeem Gift Card
Security