http://www.nhlpa.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy outlines the manner in which the National Hockey League Players’ Association and its affiliates, including Hockey Ventures (Canada) Inc. and Hockey Ventures (US) Inc. (collectively, “us”, “our” and “we”), collect, use, disclose and manage the personal information that you have entrusted with us.  We are committed to undertaking reasonable measures to protect the privacy and security of all of the personal information that is provided to us.
This privacy policy is based upon and adheres to the Ten Privacy Principles set out in the federal government's Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act. This privacy policy will govern and be posted on www.nhlpa.com.
When this privacy policy uses the term “personal information”, we mean information that identifies a particular individual, such as your full name, street address, telephone number, birth date, financial information or personal email address.  When other information, such as a favorite team or player, is associated with personal information, it also becomes personal information for the purposes of this privacy policy.  In general, personal information does not include business contact information, such as your name, title or position, business address, business telephone or fax number or e-mail address in your capacity as an employee of an organization.
We recommend that you read this privacy policy in its entirety and check back periodically as it may change from time to time.
What information do we collect?
We may collect personal information from you when you register on our site, place an order, enter a contest, send us an email, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or poll, or fill out a form.   Either before or at the time of collection of any personal information, we will identify why it is needed and how it will be used.  We will only collect, use and disclose your personal information with your knowledge and consent, except where otherwise required or permitted by law.  We will limit the collection of your personal information to only those details that are necessary for the purposes identified.  Any data we request that is not required will be specified as voluntary or optional.  You may withdraw your consent to our continued use and disclosure of your personal information at any time by contacting us using the information below.  If you provide personal information of another individual, you represent that you have all necessary authority and/or have obtained all necessary consents from such person to enable us to collect, use and disclose such personal information for the purposes set forth in this privacy policy.
We endeavor to continuously improve our service offerings to you.  Therefore, we routinely collect non-personal aggregate information from surveys and websites to help us understand the interests of our users and to manage our risks.  Like most websites, we use cookies to enhance your experience, gather general visitor information, and track visits to our website. We may use cookies, and/or share the information gathered from cookies with third parties with whom we have a commercial relationship, to perform statistical analyses of user behavior and characteristics, to monitor and improve operations, functionality, design and navigation and to gather marketing information.  These cookies do not contain personal or financial information. Only aggregated data from these analyses, not individual data, will be used for this purpose.  If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, your browser should contain an option that allows you to disable or delete cookie data at any time. Some areas of our website, however, may not provide you with a personalized experience if you have disabled the use of your cookies. If you would like to learn more about your cookie configuration, please refer to your browser’s online help for instructions.
We use a variety of technical methods for tracking purposes, including web beacons. Web beacons are small pieces of data that are embedded in images on the pages of a website. We also use these technical methods to analyze the traffic patterns on our website, such as the frequency with which our users visit various parts of our website. These technical methods may involve the transmission of information either directly to us or to another party authorized by us to collect information on our behalf. We also use these technical methods in HTML e-mails that we send our guests to determine whether our guests have opened those e-mails and/or clicked on links in those e-mails. The information from the use of these technical methods may be collected in a form that is personally identifiable.
What do we use your information for?
Your personal information will only be used or disclosed for the purpose for which it was collected, unless you have otherwise consented, or when it is required or permitted by law. The information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience - your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs.
To improve our website – your information helps us to continually evaluate and improve our website offerings.
To improve customer service - your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests, inquiries, comments and support needs.
To process transactions - your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested by you.
To send periodic emails - the email address you provide for order processing will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order or request.  If you decide to opt-in to our mailing list, you will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.  If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
For any other purpose for which we have your consent.
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
We will only retain your personal information for the period of time required to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected.
Do we disclose any personal information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personal information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property or safety. Non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising or other uses.
What safeguards do we have in place to protect your personal information?
We will protect the personal information we collect with security safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the information.
Our employees
Access to your information is restricted to authorized employees who have a legitimate business purpose for accessing it.  Unauthorized access to or disclosure of user information by our employees is prohibited.
Security measures
These security measures include: password protected directories and databases to safeguard your information, SSL (Secure Sockets Layered) technology to ensure that your information is fully encrypted and sent across the Internet securely or PCI Scanning to actively protect our servers from hackers and other vulnerabilities.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via SSL technology and then encrypted into our payment gateway provider’s database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, who are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social insurance numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Can you access your personal information?
At your request, we will inform you of the existence, use and disclosure of your personal information, as well as give you access to the information. You have the right to challenge the accuracy and completeness of your information, to amend and/or delete it as necessary and to request a copy of the information we possess, subject to exceptions permitted or required by applicable law.  Access requests should be sent to us using the contact information below.
We will strive to keep the information entrusted to us in an accurate manner.  We will only update information in the event of a registration and/or an update.
What if our privacy policy changes?
We reserve the right to amend our privacy policy at any time. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page and/or update the privacy policy modification date below. Policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date of the change.  Please check back frequently for the most current version of this privacy policy.
This policy was last modified on March 12, 2020.
How to contact us?
Information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information will be made readily available to you.  If you have any questions, complaints or suggestions with respect to this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
National Hockey League Players’ Association
10 Bay Street, Suite 1200
Toronto, Ontario
M5J 2R8
privacy@nhlpa.com
416.313.2300