https://www.giants.com/news/giants-website-privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Advertising
Giants News | New York Giants – Giants.com
Giants Website Privacy Policy
Jul 24, 2019 at 03:00 PM
Copied!
New York Football Giants Website Privacy Policy
Last Updated: July 11, 2020
New York Football Giants, Inc. and Giants Stadium LLC ("we," "our," "us" or "Giants") respect your privacy and value your trust and confidence.  This privacy policy (the "Privacy Policy") applies whenever we collect information about you, including on our websites, mobile applications, and other online and mobile services that link to or post this Privacy Policy, and at other times, electronically or in person (collectively, the "Services"), and explains how we collect, use, disclose and secure information.  It also describes your choices and rights with respect to your personal information.
Please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to any information that is collected or obtained through sites or services that do not link to this Privacy Policy or information collected by the NFL or the other NFL member clubs (the "Member Clubs").
Information Collection
You generally are not required to provide information about yourself when you visit the Services.   However, we collect or may ask you for some or all of the following categories of information when you register with our Services, sign up for contests or sweepstakes, use a send-to-a-friend feature, participate in surveys, access various content or features, submit comments or content, directly contact us with questions or feedback, or participate in our activities:
o  Contact information, such as name, email address, postal address, and telephone number;
o  Unique identifiers, such as a username or password;
o  Demographic information, such as gender and education;
o  Financial information, such as credit card or other payment information;
o  Commercial information, such as records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies;
o  Geolocation data, such as when we work with partners that use technologies like geo-fencing and beacons to identify fans attending a game, and contact fans via an in-app feature in order to provide you with way-finding or offers that relate to your presence in a particular location (e.g., MetLife Stadium);
o  Communications preferences;
o  Search queries;
o  Comments and other information posted in our interactive online forums;
o  Correspondence and other information that you send to us; and
o  Additional information as otherwise described to you at the point of collection or pursuant to your consent.
We also may collect certain information automatically when you visit the Services online, including:
o  Identifiers, such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address, which is the number automatically assigned to your computer or other device whenever you access the Internet and that can sometimes be used to derive your general geographic area and device identification numbers;
o  Internet or other electronic network activity information, such as your browser type and operating system, browsing and search history (including, for example, sites you visited before and after visiting the Services, pages you view and links you click on within the Services, clickstream data, and audio and video content that you have viewed), advertising that you interact with within the Services, standard server log Information including request date/time, page requested, HTTP code, bytes served and referrer, and other information about how you use the Services;
o  Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information, such as calls or audio or video recordings that you have accessed or viewed;
o  Inferences used to create a profile about your preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes;
o  Information collected through cookies, web beacons, local shared objects, and other technologies; and
o  Information about your interactions with email messages, such as the links clicked on and whether the messages were received, opened, or forwarded.
We may combine this automatically collected information with other information we collect about you.  We do this to improve services we offer you and to improve marketing, analytics, and site functionality.
We also receive the categories of information described above from other sources, including, for example, from users of our Services, from government entities that make information publicly available, from entities that sell data, and from third-party services and organizations. For example, if you access any social media or similar services through the Services to login or to share information about your experience on our Services with others, we may collect information from these third-party services.
Without this information, we are not able to provide you with the expected level of requested services, and any differences in services are related to your information.
We may aggregate or de-identify the information described above.  Aggregated or de-identified data is not subject to this Privacy Policy.
Use of Information
We use each of the categories of information identified above for the following business purposes:
o  To provide you with the products, promotions, services, newsletters, and information you request, to allow you to participate in contests, sweepstakes, and the interactive features of our online Services when you choose to do so, to manage accounts, and to manage our relationship with you, including to respond to correspondence that we receive from you;
o  To contact you via phone, email, text, push notification, and otherwise about your account, products, services, contests, and events that we think might be of interest to you;
o  To send you promotional material or special offers on our behalf or on behalf of our marketing partners and/or their respective affiliates and subsidiaries and other third parties, or to make suggestions and recommendations to you about things that are similar to those that you have inquired about or may otherwise be of interest to you;
o  To maintain or administer the Services, perform business analyses, troubleshoot, perform data analytics, testing, research, for statistical and survey purposes, or for other internal purposes to improve the quality of our business, the Services, and other products and services we offer;
o  To publish stories, comments, photos, and other information posted in our interactive online features;
o  To customize and personalize your use of online Services;
o  To keep our Services, business, and users reasonably safe and secure, to comply with applicable laws and regulations, and to protect or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims; and
o  As otherwise described to you at the point of collection or pursuant to your consent.
Sharing of Information
We are committed to maintaining your trust, and we want you to understand when and with whom we may share the information we collect:
o  Service Providers and Third-Party Vendors: We may share your information with service providers and third-party vendors that provide services to us for a variety of business purposes, such as hosting online Services, fulfilling orders and transactions, providing products and services, operating contests or sweepstakes, managing databases, performing analyses, processing payments, providing customer service, advertising and marketing (including counting ad impressions, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, ensuring compliance with industry standards and specifications, ad delivery, reporting, personalization, audience segmentation, and analytics), security and performance monitoring, maintaining or servicing accounts, verifying customer information, research, data hosting, auditing, data processing, or sending communications for us.
o  Subsidiaries and Affiliates: We may share your information with Giants affiliates and all members of the NFL Family, including, without limitation, NFL Properties LLC, NFL International LLC, NFL Enterprises LLC, NFL Ventures, L.P., and NFL Ventures, Inc.
o  Select Business Partners: At your direction, we may share your information with select business partners, such as for contests, sweepstakes, or sponsor offers, so that they can provide you with special offers, promotional materials, and other materials that may be of interest to you. For example, you may be presented with an opportunity to have certain information shared with our third party business partners when you enter a contest or sweepstakes or elect to receive marketing offers or other information.
o  Business Transfers: If we sell all or part of our business, or make a sale or transfer of assets, or are otherwise involved in a merger or business transfer, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy, a business reorganization, or similar event, we may transfer your information as part of such transaction.
o  Legal Purposes: We may disclose your information to third parties in order to protect the legal rights, safety, and security of our organization, our corporate affiliates, subsidiaries, business partners, and the users of our Services or the public; enforce our Terms of Use; respond to and resolve claims or complaints; prevent fraud or for risk management purposes; and comply with or respond to law enforcement or legal process or a request for cooperation by a government or other entity, whether or not legally required.
o  With Your Consent: We may share information for any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect the information or pursuant to your consent.
If you access third-party services online — such as social media services, third-party single-sign on tools, mobile platforms for in-app purchases, or mobile game centers for high scores and leaderboards — through the Services, these third-party services may be able to collect information about you, including information about your activity on the Services, and they may notify your connections on the third-party services about your use of the Services, in accordance with their own privacy policies.
If you choose to engage in public activities on the online Services, you should be aware that any information you share there can be read, collected, or used by other users of these areas.  You should use caution in disclosing information while participating in these areas. We are not responsible for the information you choose to submit in these public areas.
We do not, and will not without consent, sell your personal information to third parties. We do permit third parties to collect the information described above through our Services and disclose such information to third parties for business purposes as described in this Privacy Policy, including but not limited to providing advertising on our Services and elsewhere based on users' online or other activities over time and across different sites, services, and devices (so-called "interest-based advertising").  The information practices of these third parties are not covered by this Privacy Policy.
Advertising, Cookies and Similar Technologies
When you use our online Services, we and our third-party advertising partners (including advertising networks and exchanges, Internet service providers, data analytics providers, operating systems and platforms, social networks, and entities that sell data) use cookies, pixel tags, local storage, beacons, tags and scripts, and other similar technologies (collectively "cookies") to collect information from your browser or device.  By using the online Services, you consent to our use of cookies and similar technologies.  Some of these cookies are used for gathering information about your use of our online Services so we may improve your experience and provide you with more relevant content and advertising on our online Services and elsewhere online over time and across your devices, analyzing trends, administering the online Services, tracking users' movements around the online Services and to gather information about our user base as a whole.
Some of these cookies are from third parties that collect information about your use of our Services in order to provide advertising (on our Services and elsewhere, across your different devices) based on your online activities on our Services and elsewhere online, across your different devices. We do not control the privacy practices of these third parties, and their practices are not covered by this Privacy Policy.
Links to Other Websites and Online Services
The Services may contain links to other websites or online services that are operated and maintained by third parties and that are not under the control of or maintained by us.  Such links do not constitute an endorsement by us of those other websites or online services, the content displayed on those other websites or online services, or the persons or entities associated with those other websites or online services.  This Privacy Policy does not apply to this third party content or third party websites or services.  We encourage you to review the privacy policies of these third party websites or services.
Your Rights and Choices
You may be entitled, in accordance with applicable law, to request access to, portability of, correction of, or deletion of your personal information by signing into your account and making the required changes, by emailing Giants Privacy Support at Privacy@Giants.NFL.net, by contacting us by postal mail at the contact information listed below, or by calling, TOLL FREE, 1-877-694-2272. Once we receive your request, we may verify it through your account or by requesting information sufficient to confirm your identity.  If you would like to use an authorized agent registered to exercise your rights, we may request evidence that you have provided such agent with power of attorney or that the agent otherwise has valid written authority to exercise rights on your behalf.  We may request other evidence as permitted or required by other states.
You may be able to refuse or disable cookies by adjusting your web browser settings.  Some browsers have options that allow the visitor to control whether the browser will accept cookies, reject cookies, or notify the visitor each time a cookie is sent.  Because each web browser is different, please consult the instructions provided by your web browser (typically in the "Help" section).  Please note that you may need to take additional steps to refuse or disable Local Shared Objects and similar technologies.  For example, Local Shared Objects can be controlled through the instructions on Adobe's Settings Manager page. If you choose to refuse, disable, or delete these technologies, some of the functionality of the Services may no longer be available to you and any differences in service are related to the data. Deleting cookies may in some cases cancel the opt out selection in your browser.
Some of our third-party partners are members of the Network Advertising Initiative, which offers a single location to opt out of ad targeting from member companies.  To learn more, please click here or here.  For additional information on how Google processes your information and what choices you may have, visit their site here.  Due to differences between websites and mobile apps, you may need to take additional steps to opt out of interest-based advertising for mobile applications.  Please check your device settings and mobile app permissions for additional information on how to opt out.  You also may stop further data collection from a mobile application by removing it from your mobile device.
You may also be able to control our collection and use of your location information through your mobile device or app settings.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights and choices, although some of the functionality and features available on the Services may change or no longer be available to you. Any difference in the Services are related to the value provided.
The Services may feature Nielsen or other proprietary measurement software, which will allow users to contribute to market research, such as Nielsen TV Ratings.  Nielsen believes that you should have a choice about whether to contribute to our research and insights.  To opt out of Nielsen measurement, you need only to activate the "Limit Ad Tracking" (for iOS devices) or "Opt out of Ads Personalization" (for Android devices) option in your devices settings.  For web, please visit: http://www.nielsen.com/digitalprivacy to learn more about the Nielsen digital measurement products and your choices in regard to them.
You may choose to receive promotional emails, newsletters, push notifications and similar communications from us.  You may opt out of receiving commercial emails from us by clicking on the opt-out or "unsubscribe" link included in the commercial emails you receive. You may opt out of receiving push notifications by turning off push notifications at the device level.   Please note that opt-out requests may take up to 10 days to be effective.  Your opt-out request will apply only to data that the Giants may have and to Giants messaging; your opt-out request will not apply to messages that you request or that are not commercial in nature.  For example, we may contact you or continue to contact you concerning your Giants season tickets (if you are a Giants season ticketholder) or Giants ticket purchases, or concerning any purchases you have made with us, even if you opt out of receiving unsolicited commercial email messages.  If you have opted in to receive Giants messaging and you wish to no longer receive emails from a third party, such as a Giants sponsor, you must contact that third party directly.
Security and Retention
We have adopted security procedures to help protect against loss, misuse, and unauthorized access to the information you provide to us.   Please note, however, that no data transmission or storage can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.  As a result, while we strive to protect your information and privacy, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you disclose or transmit to us or to the Services and cannot be responsible for the theft, destruction, or inadvertent disclosure of your information.
We will retain your information for as long as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out above, in accordance with applicable laws.
Children's Privacy
We do not knowingly collect or sell any information from children, as defined by applicable law, without parental consent or as otherwise permitted by applicable law.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time.  Your participation in activities that involve collection of personal information or your continued use of the Services after any modification to the Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of the new Privacy Policy.  When we update the Privacy Policy, we will revise the "Effective Date" above and post the new Privacy Policy.  We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to Privacy@Giants.NFL.net.
Some mobile and web browsers may transmit "do-not-track" signals.  Because of differences in how web browsers incorporate and activate this feature, it is not always clear whether users intend for these signals to be transmitted, or whether they even are aware of them.  We currently do not take action in response to these signals.
International Users
Please note that the Services are directed towards users who reside in the United States.  By using the Services, you consent to the collection, storage, processing, and transfer of your information in and to the United States, or other countries and territories, pursuant to the laws of the United States.  While some of these countries may not offer the same level of privacy protection as your own, we commit to uphold the privacy protections as explained in this Policy.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, please contact:
New York Football Giants, Inc.
1925 Giants Drive, East Rutherford, NJ 07073
ATTENTION: Vice President, digital
You also may call our 800 number (TOLL FREE): 1-877-694-2272, or email us at Privacy@Giants.NFL.net*.*
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact us via the 800 number or the email address we have provided above.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.
Related Content
news
Giants need more time for decision on Daniel Jones
Jones, who did not play in the 17-12 victory in Seattle because of a hamstring injury, was again limited in practice. Coach Joe Judge needs more time and evidence before concluding Jones can return to try and lead the Giants to their fifth consecutive victory.
news
Andrew Thomas reveals turning point in development
Thomas was asked to specify one area in which his performance is noticeably better now than it was early in the season.
news
Injury Report: Daniel Jones, Blake Martinez limited
View the latest injury report for the Week 14 matchup between the Giants and Cardinals.
news
Dalvin Tomlinson named Giants' nominee for Walter Payton Man of the Year
The award recognizes outstanding community service activities off the field as well as excellence on the field.
Advertising
Big left arrow icon
Big right arrow icon
Close icon
Copy Url
Three dots icon
Down arrow icon
Email icon
Email icon
Exit Fullscreen icon
External link icon
Facebook logo
Football icon
Facebook logo
Instagram logo
Snapchat logo
YouTube logo
TikTok logo
Spotify logo
LinkedIn logo
Grid icon
Key icon
Left arrow icon
Link icon
Location icon
Mail icon
Menu icon
Open icon
Phone icon
Play icon
Radio icon
Rewind icon
Right arrow icon
Search icon
Select icon
Selected icon
TV icon
Twitter logo
Twitter logo
Up arrow icon
User icon
Audio icon
Tickets iconAdd to calendar iconNFC icon
AFC icon
NFL icon
Carousel IconList ViewWebsite
InstagramTwitterFacebookSnapchatShop IconProfile Overlay
AvatarAddAirplayArrow LeftArrow RightArrow UpArrow DownAudioBack 5sBack 10sBack 30sCalendarChartCheckDownLeftRightUpChromecast OffChromecast OnCloseClosed CaptionsBench OffBench OnBroad OffBroad OnVertical OffVertical OnCommentDockDoneDownloadDraftFantasyFilterForward 5sForward 10sForward 30sFull Screen OffFull Screen OnGamepassGamesInsightsKeyLeaveLiveCombineDraftFantasyMenu GamesMenu NetworkMenu NewsMenu PlayoffsMenu Pro BowlMenu ShopMenu StandingsMenu StatsMenu Super BowlMenu TeamsMenu TicketsMenuMore HorizontalMore VerticalMy LocationNetworkNewsPauseplayMultiple PlayersSingle PlayerPlaylistPlayoffsPro BowlPurgeRefreshRemoveReplaySearchSettingsShare AndroidShare Copy URLShare EmailShare FacebookShare InstagramShare iOSShare SnapchatShare TwitterSkip NextSkip PreviousStandingsStarStatsSwapTeamsTicketsVideoVisibility OffVisibility OnVolume HiVolume LowVolume MediumVolume MuteWarningWebsite
Caret downCaret upAt
The browser you are using is no longer supported on this site. It is highly recommended that you use the latest versions of a supported browser in order to receive an optimal viewing experience. The following browsers are supported: Chrome, Edge (v80 and later), Firefox and Safari.
Got it!