http://www.wilkinsongolf.com/privacy
×
HOME
SCOTLAND
ST ANDREWS
IRELAND
ENGLAND/WALES
Non Golfers
Transport
CONTACT
34/36 Canmore Street
Dunfermline
Fife
KY12 7NT
info@wilkinsongolf.com
Tel: +44 (0)1383 629940
...privacy policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy details the personal data that we (Wilkinson Travel Services - trading as Wilkinson Golf) collect within our services to you and explains how & why we use this data, how we store this data, who may see this data and when you may be contacted.
This privacy policy sets out the principles governing our use of personal information that we may obtain about you. By using the website, or by registering as a user of the services that we provide, you agree to this use.
This website contains links to other websites and the privacy policies and procedures described here do not apply to those sites.
1. Key Principles
We take the privacy of our website users very seriously
We will ensure the security of your personal information
We will only collect and process your data when necessary
We do not sell or make public your personal information
You may unsubscribe from our mailing lists at any time
You may request access to your personal data at any time
You may request amendments to your personal data at any time
You may request the removal of your personal data at any time
2. When do we collect personal data
We do not collect personal data for all users on our site.
We will only request personal data from our website users if;
You choose to subscribe directly to our mailing list using the clear link on our site
You complete one of the sites 'contact us' forms to request information on a personalised golf tour. The information you supply at that time will require a minimum of your name and email address.
3. What personal data do we collect
Your Basic Details – e.g. name, title, country of residence
Your Contact Information – e.g. email addresses, telephone numbers
Your Website Interaction Information - IP address, geographical location, device and operating system, internet browser type and version, URLs with regards to how you came to this website, your activity on this website and where you exit to
4. Why we collect your personal data
We collect the personal data specified above (Clause 3) in order to effectively provide you with products and services that best meet your requirements.
We process your personal data on the basis that you have expressed a legitimate interest in the purchasing a Wilkinson Golf tailor made golf vacation.
We also seek clear consent to data processing from site users at the 3 points of data collection specified above (Clause 2).
This ensures that we only collect personal data pertaining to individuals with a genuine interest in Wilkinson Golf tailor made golf vacations and to individuals who are happy for us to hold their data on file with a view to delivering products and services to meet their requirements.
5. How we use your personal data
Specifically, we collect your personal data for the following reasons:
Recommending golf tours
Recommending relevant services
Seeking feedback on golf tours, events and services
Publicising other relevant events
Internal record keeping
Internal marketing purposes
6. How we store your personal data
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure.
In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we use the latest technologies to store all data we receive and we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
7. How long do we keep your personal data
Any personal data you submit to us will be retained by us for as long as you use the services provided by us and for as long as we believe that our products and services are of genuine interest to you.
Should you cease to use our services, request removal of your personal data or inform us that our services are no longer in your interest, we will remove your personal data from our records.
8. Sharing your personal data
We do not sell OR share personal data or make public your personal data.
The only mention or image of you or your groups golf tour would be if you approve the use of an image taken by us, one of our associates or provided by you or on of your tour party. I all instances the image is provided WITHOUT any reference to you or your tour party participants unless you instruct us or give permission to do so. This permission also applies to any reference or testimonial you allow us to publish.
9. Third party services and your personal data
We may, from time to time, employ the services of other parties for dealing with matters that may include, but are not limited to:
Search engine facilities
Advertising
Marketing
Any data used by such parties, and our partner agencies, is used only to the extent required by them to perform the services that we request. Any use for other purposes is strictly prohibited.
Furthermore, any data that is processed by third parties must be processed within the terms of this policy and in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation 2018 (GDPR).
10. How you can control our access to your personal data
If you do not wish to provide us with any personal data, you can choose not to register with us, not to contact us via our contact page or not to subscribe to our mailing list.
While you may also have access certain areas of the website without providing any Personal Data at all, to use all services and systems available on the website you will be required to register with us and provide a basic level of personal data.
You may restrict your internet browser’s use of cookies. For more information see Clause 13 (below).
11. How you can access, amend or remove your own personal data
You can ask us whether we are keeping personal data about you via email at info@wilkinsongolf.com +44 (0) 1383 629940.
Upon request we will provide you with a readable copy of the personal data which we keep about you, although we may require proof of your identity.
We allow you to challenge the data that we hold about you and, where appropriate, you may have the data amended, erased or completed.
If you would like to access, amend or remove personal data that we hold about you, you can again contact us via email at info@wilkinsongolf.com +44 (0) 1383 629940
12. Other data we collect
We monitor the use of this website by collecting information through the use of services including but not limited to Google Analytics.
We may automatically collect non-personal information about you such as the type of internet browsers you use, the pages you visit or the website which directed you to our site. You cannot be identified from this information and it is used only to assist us in providing an effective service on this website.
13. How we use cookies
We may set and access first-party cookies on your computer.
To understand how people us our site, we currently set a session cookie named phpsessid. Also known as a transient cookie, this cookie is expires when the web session closes.
You can choose to enable or disable cookies in your web browser. By default, your browser will accept cookies, however this can be altered. For further details please consult the help menu in your browser. Disabling cookies may prevent you from using the full range of services available on the website.
You may delete cookies, however you may lose any information that enables you to access the website more quickly.
We also use Doubleclick Remarketing pixels through Newsquest Media Group.
14. Changes to this policy
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy as we may deem necessary from time to time or as may be required by law. Any changes will be published on our website and you are deemed to have accepted the terms of the policy on your first use of the website following the alterations. This policy was last edited on 25th May 2018. If you have any questions about Wilkinson Golf's privacy policy, you can contact us via email at info@wilkinsongolf.com +44 (0)1383 629940
Close
TRAVEL REGULATION INSOLVENCY PROTECTION
READ MORE
Travel Regulation Insolvency Protection
To be included on your booking confirmation form
Wilkinson Travel Services Ltd is a company committed to customer satisfaction and consumer financial protection. We are therefore pleased to announce that, at no extra cost to you, and in accordance with '' The Package Travel and Linked Travel Arrangements Regulations 2018'' all passengers booking with Wilkinson Travel Services Ltd are fully insured for the initial deposit, and subsequently the balance of monies paid as detailed in your booking confirmation form. The policy will also include repatriation if required, arising from the cancellation or curtailment of your travel arrangements due to the insolvency of Wilkinson Travel Services Ltd.
This insurance has been arranged by Towergate Travel through Zurich Insurance PLC.
Claims
In the unlikely event of Insolvency, you must Inform Towergate Travel immediately on +44 (0) 1932 334140 or by email at tcs@towergate.co.uk . Please ensure you retain the booking confirmation as evidence of cover and value.
Policy exclusions: This policy will not cover any monies paid for Travel Insurance or any claim relating to Air Flights. If you have booked flights as part of your travel, you should ensure that the company with which you booked the flights has the appropriate CAA/ATOL bonds in place.
Close