https://www.littleleague.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content
If you are under the age of 13, we kindly ask that you get your parent(s) or guardian(s) to review this policy and to contact us with any questions at privacy@LittleLeague.org. We cannot collect or use your information without their approval.
The Little League® International (“Little League”) Privacy Policy has been written to answer questions you might have about our information and privacy practices. As a youth organization, we are very concerned about privacy. Therefore, we have taken measures to tailor our content and offerings to help protect the privacy of players, parents/guardians, coaches and managers, volunteers, and fans.
This Privacy Policy applies to information collected on Little League authored websites, including, but not limited to, LittleLeague.org, ShopLittleLeague.org, LittleLeague.org/Videos, LittleLeagueU.org, LittleLeagueUmpire.org, and other affiliated websites as well as our official pages on Facebook, Twitter, Snapchat, YouTube, Instagram, and other social media (collectively, the “Sites”), as well as information received from other sources such as the league charter and insurance enrollment process, player registration data, events, volunteer reporting, and advertising.
This policy was last updated on November 13, 2019.
Download
File size: 185 KB
Privacy Policy
.pdf
Download
Advice to Children and Parents
For parents and guardians, we urge you to repeatedly discuss with your children the risks of giving personal information to anyone (online or in person) whom they do not personally know. We also encourage parents to spend time online with their children monitoring and reviewing their children’s online activity. For additional tips on how to help children stay safe on the internet, we recommend the following site: Consumer.ftc.gov/features/feature-0002-parents.
As a policy, no person under the age of 13 is permitted without parental authorization to register to receive Little League’s electronic communications or participate in Little League’s website or social media activities.
What Personal Information Do We Collect?
Registration and Volunteer Data. For players, we require chartered Little Leagues to collect limited personal information, including, but not limited to, names, genders and dates of birth. We also optionally collect the team name and division of play for each player. For parents or guardians of players, we require chartered Little Leagues to collect more comprehensive personal information, including, but not limited to, names, mailing addresses, telephone numbers, and email addresses. We require this information for registration purposes, to allow us to communicate with parents/guardians, and to provide information about the Little League program and additional services or promotions that may be relevant.
Similarly, for coaches, managers, parents/guardians of registered players, umpires, league officers, district officers, and other Little League volunteers, employees, and event staff, we may collect or require chartered Little Leagues to collect personal information including names, mailing addresses, telephone numbers, and email addresses. We require this information for registration purposes and to allow us to communicate effectively. Umpires, volunteers, Little League employees, and event staff may also be required to provide their dates of birth, social security numbers, and other government issued identification card numbers for the limited purpose of conducting background checks.
Event Data. Attendees of Little League events or the World of Little League®: Peter J. McGovern Museum (“Museum”), may be asked to provide your personal information on a voluntary basis. For example, at the Museum, a kiosk is available for visitors to complete a voluntary survey about their experience at the Museum, and if you voluntarily elect to complete a survey, we ask for your personal information, including name, mailing address, and email address, to help us improve our Museum experience and services.
If you attend certain events or participate in certain activities at events, we may require you to provide certain personal information. For example:
If you attend our summer camp program, we require your personal information in order to enroll, including name, mailing address, telephone number, email address, date of birth, medical information for safety and emergency purposes, and financial information to pay the fee.
If you attend the Family Fun Zone at the Little League Baseball® World Series or at any other event operated by Little League, we use radio-frequency identification (“RFID”) technology to provide attendees with convenient access to various activities, and we require certain personal information, including, but not limited to, name, mailing address, and email address for participants 18 years old and above, in order to register the account and keep track of which activities were participated in.
If you attend an event at the Little League International complex, you may be under video surveillance on premises of the event for security purposes and to ensure the safety of all attendees.
Website Data. Visitors to any of the Sites, may be asked to provide your personal information in order to provide the quality services requested, such as subscribing to our email newsletters, participating in promotions, finding local leagues through the League Finder, or registering for events. We may collect information as visitors interact with our Sites, such as making purchases, expressing opinions, or simply browsing, for a variety of reasons including fulfilling online orders and improving your experience and our services. We may also collect information from other legitimate sources, such as our promotional partners, public sources, advertising metrics, or personal information that is part of social media accounts that visitors to the Sites have made available to us.
Payment Information. If you place any orders for goods or services on the Sites or at our camps and events, we or our payment processing partners may ask you to provide your personal information in order to process your transactions and ship your orders. This information may include your name, mailing address, telephone number, email address, and financial account information including payment card information. Details regarding the terms and conditions, privacy and security policies of our payment processing partners are made available at the point of collection.
What is the Source of Personal Information We Collect?
We may collect personal information from the following sources:
Sites. This includes, but is not limited to, Little League-authored websites and other affiliated websites, as well as our official pages on third party platforms, including Facebook, Twitter, Snapchat, YouTube, Instagram, and other social media.
Fans, Members, and Volunteers. This includes chartered leagues, and camps, events as well as their attendees, players, parent or guardians of players, coaches, managers, league official, district officers, umpires, administrators or volunteers. It also includes information provided directly to Little League from chartered Little Leagues and Districts through the Little League Data Center at LittleLeague.org/DataCenter (“Data Center”) or Sports Connect (Stack Sports, formerly Blue Sombrero) technology services at StackSports.com/Legal-Privacy.
Advertising. This includes user interactions with our advertisements, as well as our coupons, special discounts, contests, games, and promotions.
Correspondence. This includes any communication by electronic or non-electronic means between Little League or its members/affiliates and you.
Events. We may collect information from attendees on site at the Museum, the Little League Baseball® World Series, regional tournaments, clinics, meetings and other events, including but not limited to completing a voluntary survey about their experience, check in or register for a clinic or meeting, or register an account for RFID technology used at our events.
Direct Inquiries. We collect information from those individuals who email us or request information via our online submission forms in order to service your request accordingly.
How Do We Use Your Personal Information?
Any personal information collected by Little League will be used for furthering the mission of Little League in the manner described in this Privacy Policy. We collect your personal information to meet contractual and other legal obligations, protect the interests of individuals and the public, and to serve our legitimate interests as well as the legitimate interests of third parties such as our sponsors, licensees, and business partners, thereby allowing us to provide our products, services, and events. In this way we can assure their quality; improve and develop new products, services, and events; and protect our assets, systems, staff, participants, and attendees. We may also rely on your consent given for particular uses of your personal information, if required by applicable law. Specifically, we may use your personal information in the following ways:
Services. We may use your personal information to provide services to our volunteers, parents, fans, customers, and other constituents which include managing a network of organized youth sports programs across the world and ensuring that sporting events are successful. Without limitation, this typically requires the use of certain personal information, including registration data, event data, and other personal information, to provide program information, special offers or services through Little League and/or its trusted sponsors, partners, or licensees, to fulfill your requests for information or products/services, to maintain a list of verified and eligible participants, to maintain a list of volunteers and provide them with the operating tools to manage leagues, or to respond to your inquiries about our programs. We may also use this information to communicate with you, such as to update you on new rules, regulations, or risk management and operational issues.
Order Fulfillment. We use your personal information to process and ship orders for goods and services, to provide you with information related to your order, to improve your e-commerce experience, and for fraud detection purposes. This typically requires the use of certain personal information, payment information, and website data.
Marketing, Research, and Promotions. The information you provide in connection with our Sites and email communications, online submissions and surveys, social media sites, and communities is used to create an interactive experience. We may combine your registration data with other information that you have provided through social media or other platforms, and we and our business partners may use this combined information to facilitate conversation and to occasionally offer you information, goods, services, experiences, and other special offers of we believe may be of genuine interest and significant value to you. We and our business partners may also ask for your opinion through surveys and research, seek to register you for contests and notify you if you have won, or to provide you with the latest news or program updates distributed by Little League or our business partners.
Archival. We may use, disclose, or share basic information (particularly identifying the names of players, their teams, team achievements, and years players played) for archival, recordkeeping, honorary, newsworthy or promotional purposes (including selecting, arranging and describing such records, and making them available to the public).
Legal. We may be required to use, disclose, or share your personal information with third parties when required by applicable law, in response to legal proceedings, in response to a request from a competent law enforcement agency, to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, or the public, or to enforce the terms of any agreement or the terms of the Sites.
Mergers and Acquisitions. In the event that Little League or its assets are acquired by, or merged with, another organization or company including through bankruptcy, we may use, disclose, or share your personal information with any of our legal successors.
Fraud Detection. We may use, disclose, or share your personal information and non-personal information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of this Privacy Policy, or as otherwise required by law.
Disclosure to Third Parties
We may share personal information with certain types of third parties:
Subsidiaries and Affiliates. Little League International, regional offices, tournament volunteers, and other associated personnel or volunteers that assist with implementation of the Little League program.
Members and Volunteers. Each chartered league is a self-organizing community made up of the players, parent or guardians of players, coaches, managers, league official, district officers, umpires, and volunteers that are a part of that league. Each chartered league is also a controller, along with Little League, of the personal information provided to that chartered league, and personal information provided by each of the above categories of individuals may be shared with others within that league. This includes information provided directly through the Data Center or Sports Connect (formerly Blue Sombrero), as the Sports Connect Platform is also a controller, along with Little League, of any information submitted through the Sports Connect Platform. A copy of the Sports Connect Platform Privacy Policies can be found here: StackSports.com/Legal-Privacy.
Service Providers. This includes service and platform providers that enable us to run many aspects of our organization, such as online event registration and ticketing platforms, pre- event and in-event marketing and consumer engagement technology providers, online form/survey and data collection platforms, internet marketing companies, e-commerce payment processors, and email marketing tool providers.
Experts. This includes consultants and legal counsel that assist us in managing and operating our organization, such as safety consultants for league facilities and operations and outside law firms.
Sponsors, Licensees, Agents, or Partners. This includes organizations that sponsor or associate with Little League to offer information, coupons, special discounts, contests, games, promotions, and special events. Although we utilize contractual obligations to help ensure your personal information remains protected by any third parties we share it with, use of your personal information by such third parties may also be governed by these third parties’ own privacy policies. Typically, our sponsors, licensees, agents, and business partners will use your personal information for direct marketing purposes, and any commercial emails sent to you by our sponsors, licensees, agents, and business partners should include an unsubscribe/preferences link within such emails.
Legal, Mergers and Acquisitions, and Fraud Detection. We may be required to disclose or share personal information when required by applicable law, in response to legal proceedings, in response to a request from a competent law enforcement agency, to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, or the public, or to enforce the terms of any agreement or the terms of the Sites. In the event that Little League or its assets are acquired by, or merged with, another company including through bankruptcy, we may use, disclose, or share your personal information with any of our legal successors. We may use, disclose, or share your personal information and non-personal information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of this Privacy Policy, or as otherwise required by law.
Retention of Personal Information
We will keep your information as described in this Privacy Policy to the extent necessary to accomplish the purposes for which it was collected. We also prune archival information to eliminate excess data unnecessary for our archival purposes. We may retain your anonymized, depersonalized data after deletion.
Protection of Personal Information
We have implemented appropriate measures designed to protect your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. Any payment transactions will be encrypted using industry-standard technologies.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone. We urge you to be careful about giving out information in public areas of the Sites, such as our official social media pages. The information you share in such public areas may be viewed by any user of the Sites.
Although we have implemented appropriate measures to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the privacy and security of personal information transmitted to the Sites. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Sites.
International Data Transfers
The processing of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy may require your personal information to be transferred to or stored at data storage locations within the United States that are controlled by Little League International. Personal information regarding individuals who reside in a member state of the European Economic Area (“EEA”), Europe outside of the EEA, the Middle East or Africa is controlled by Little League International through its Europe and African Region Headquarters located in Kutno, Poland. Personal information regarding individuals who reside in Asia and the Pacific region is controlled by Little League International through its Asia-Pacific Region Headquarters in Hong Kong. Personal information regarding individuals who reside in Canada is controlled by both Little League International and the Little League Canadian Region Headquarters in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, a separate entity. Personal information regarding individuals who reside in Mexico, South America, Central America, and the Caribbean is controlled by Little League International through its Little League Latin American and Caribbean Region Headquarters in Caparra Heights, Puerto Rico.
We may transfer your personal information to countries outside of the EEA that have different data protection standards to those which apply in the EEA. In such cases, and where appropriate, we have put in place standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission or will rely on your consent where permitted by law.
Cookies, Pixel Tags, and Similar Technology
What are they? Cookies and pixel tags are pieces of information that a website stores on an individual’s hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies and pixel tags make internet browsing easier for you by saving your passwords, preferences and preferred websites as you browse. The use of cookies and pixel tags are an industry standard – you will find that they are used by most major websites. By showing how and when visitors use the Sites, cookies and pixel tags can also help website developers see which areas are popular and which are not and can help you find information that is most relevant to you based on your search history. The “help” portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive new cookies or how to disable cookies altogether. If you reject cookies, you may not be able to participate in certain activities or receive a promotion tailored to you. The Sites do not control and do not guarantee the effectiveness of browser-based tools for managing cookies.
We use cookies, pixel tags, and similar technology on the Sites. As you browse the Sites, cookies, pixel tags, or similar technologies may be placed on your computer so that we can understand what information interests you on our site, in order to continue to provide information in the future. On occasion, we may provide targeted advertising through partners like AdRoll and Facebook to present you with additional information about our program and its offerings based on your previous interaction with the Sites and your online activity across different websites. These techniques do not collect personal information such as your name, email address, postal address, or telephone number, but may collect information regarding your IP address, as well as the type of device, operating system and web browser used to access the Sites, and limited information about your internet browsing history and related online activities. We also work with third-party companies to assist us with website analytics such as evaluating the use and operation of our website so that we can continue to enhance the Sites and the information contained therein. We do not control the practices of our partners or third-party companies with respect to the use of cookies, pixel tags or similar technologies. You can visit NetworkAdvertising.org/Choices or AboutAds.Info/Choices to opt-out of tracking and targeted advertising using cookies or similar technology.
Manage your preferences. Do Not Track (DNT) is a privacy preference that users can set in some web browsers, allowing users to opt out of tracking by websites and online services. At the present time, the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) has not yet established universal standards for recognizable DNT signals and therefore the Sites may not recognize DNT.
Your Rights and Choices
You have the right to access, transport, update, rectify, or erase your personal information held by us, as well as the right to object to or restrict its processing, transform it into anonymous form, or withdraw from any consent-based uses. You can exercise your rights by contacting us at the contact information provided in this Privacy Policy.
Please note that if your request relates to our storage or display of any images (including videos) that you believe contain your likeness, we will employ reasonable efforts to comply with your request, but without your assistance in identifying such images, such as by the Uniform Resource Locators (URLs) where they appear, we may be unable to confirm our compliance with respect to any unidentified images.
We may decline to process requests that cannot be verified as legitimately made on your behalf, appear vexatious, that jeopardize the privacy of others, or that pertain to data that we are required to process by law or for legitimate business or legal purposes. We may also decline aspects of requests if we believe doing so would undermine our legitimate use of data for security or anti-fraud purposes.
You also have a right to register a complaint to your local data protection authorities if you believe your privacy rights related to your personal information have not been properly observed.
Third-Party Links and Websites
Please note that some information and communications that you receive from Little League may direct you to a non-Little League website. Please refer to these web sites for their specific privacy policies and use of data, as Little League has no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties.
Individual Submissions and Promotions
Little League may offer coupons, special discounts, contests, games, and promotions on behalf of Little League and/or our national partners; or invite you to submit stories, photos, comments, or questions to certain areas of the Sites. On these occasions, Little League may ask you to voluntarily submit additional information along with your submission so that you can be notified if you are a winner, or to respond to (or ask) questions. Typically, no individual under the age of 13 is permitted to participate or to submit information to any of these promotions, except with parental/guardian consent.
California Privacy Rights
This Privacy Policy describes how we may share your information for marketing purposes, as described above. Under the California Consumer Privacy Act, California residents are entitled to request and obtain from us, once per calendar year, information about any of their personal information that may have been shared with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes, including the categories of information and the names and addresses of those businesses with which we have shared such information. To request this information and for any other questions about our privacy practices and compliance with California law, please contact us as described below.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Little League reserves the right to modify this policy from time to time as Little League determines to be appropriate. We will post any changes to this policy on the Little League website. We may contact you with notices concerning our Privacy Policy. Please check LittleLeague.org/PrivacyPolicy periodically to review any changes.
Local Leagues – Include Opt-In to Privacy Policy During Registration
A copy of this privacy policy is available at LittleLeague.org/PrivacyPolicy. We strongly encourage all chartered leagues to incorporate this Privacy Policy into the registration process for participant families and volunteers by including a signature on the policy at registration. It is also encouraged that chartered leagues post the policy on local league websites.
Contact Us
If you have any questions, comments, or concerns regarding the Little League International Privacy Policy or about Little League’s data collection and processing practices, please contact us by email at Privacy@LittleLeague.org or by mail at Little League International, ATTN: Data Protection Officer, 539 US Highway 15, PO Box 3485, Williamsport, PA 17701-0485.