http://www.icce.ws/general/privacy-and-cookie-policy.html
advanced search
Home
About us
Projects
News and Newsletters
Events
Partners
Documents
Home
»
Privacy and cookie policy
We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors; this policy  sets out how we will treat your personal information.
Our website uses cookies. We will ask you to consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy when you first visit our website. / By using our website and agreeing to this policy, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy.
Credit
This document was created using an SEQ Legal template.
What information do we collect?
We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal information:
information about your computer and about your visits to and use of this website (including your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views, website navigation and details);
information that you provide to us for the purpose of registering with us (including details);
information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our website services, email notifications and/or newsletters (including details);
any other information that you choose to send to us; and
other information.
Before you disclose to us the personal information of another person, you must obtain that person's consent to both the disclosure and the processing of that personal information in accordance with the terms of this privacy policy.
Cookies
A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. This enables the web server to identify and track the web browser.
We may use both "session" cookies and "persistent" cookies on the website. Session cookies will be deleted from your computer when you close your browser. Persistent cookies will remain stored on your computer until deleted, or until they reach a specified expiry date.
We will use the session cookies to: keep track of you whilst you navigate the website; keep track of items in your shopping basket; prevent fraud and increase website security; and other uses. We will use the persistent cookies to: enable our website to recognise you when you visit; keep track of your preferences in relation to your use of our website; and other uses.
We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of this website. Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users' computers. The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google will store this information. Google's privacy policy is available at: http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html.
Our advertisers / payment services providers may also send you cookies.
We publish Google AdSense interest-based advertisements on our website. These are tailored by Google to reflect your interests. To determine your interests, Google will track your behaviour on our website and on other websites across the web using the DART cookie. You can view, delete or add interest categories associated with your browser using Google's Ads Preference Manager, available at: http://www.google.com/ads/preferences/. You can opt out of the AdSense partner network cookie at: http://www.google.com/privacy/ads/ or by using the NAI's (Network Advertising Initiative's) multi-cookie opt-out mechanism at: http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp. However, these opt-out mechanisms use cookies, and if you clear the cookies from your browser your opt-out will not be maintained. To ensure that an opt-out is maintained in respect of a particular browser, you should use the Google browser plug-in available at: http://www.google.com/ads/preferences/plugin.
You can manage your preferences relating to the use of cookies on our website by visiting URL.
Most browsers allow you to reject all cookies, whilst some browsers allow you to reject just third party cookies. For example, in Internet Explorer (version 9) you can refuse all cookies by clicking "Tools", "Internet options", "Privacy", and selecting "Block All Cookies" using the sliding selector. Blocking all cookies will, however, have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites, including this one.
Using your personal information
Personal information submitted to us via this website will be used for the purposes specified in this privacy policy or in relevant parts of the website.
We may use your personal information to:
administer the website;
improve your browsing experience by personalising the website;
enable your use of the services available on the website;
send you general (non-marketing) commercial communications;
send you email notifications which you have specifically requested;
send you our newsletter and other marketing communications relating to our business or the businesses of carefully-selected third parties which we think may be of interest to you, by post or, where you have specifically agreed to this, by email or similar technology (and you can inform us at any time if you no longer require marketing communications);
provide third parties with statistical information about our users – but this information will not be used to identify any individual user;
deal with enquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to the website;
keep the website secure and prevent fraud;
verify compliance with the terms and conditions governing the use of the website (including monitoring private messages sent through our website private messaging service); and
other uses.
Where you submit personal information for publication on our website, we will publish and otherwise use that information in accordance with the licence you grant to us.
Your privacy settings can be used to limit the publication of your information on the website. You can adjust your privacy settings by describe how.
We will not, without your express consent, provide your personal information to any third parties for the purpose of direct marketing.
Disclosures
We may disclose your personal information to [any of our employees, officers, agents, suppliers or subcontractors insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy policy.
We may disclose your personal information to any member of our group of companies (this means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and all its subsidiaries) insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy policy.
In addition, we may disclose your personal information:
to the extent that we are required to do so by law;
in connection with any ongoing or prospective legal proceedings;
in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk);
to the purchaser (or prospective purchaser) of any business or asset that we are (or are contemplating) selling; and
to any person who we reasonably believe may apply to a court or other competent authority for disclosure of that personal information where, in our reasonable opinion, such court or authority would be reasonably likely to order disclosure of that personal information.
Except as provided in this privacy policy, we will not provide your information to third parties.
International data transfers
Information that we collect may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which we operate in order to enable us to use the information in accordance with this privacy policy.
Information which you provide may be transferred to countries (including the United States, Japan, other countries) which do not have data protection laws equivalent to those in force in the European Economic Area.
In addition, personal information that you submit for publication on the website will be published on the internet and may be available, via the internet, around the world. We cannot prevent the use or misuse of such information by others.
You expressly agree to such transfers of personal information.
Security of your personal information
We will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
We will store all the personal information you provide on our secure (password- and firewall-protected) servers.
All electronic transactions entered into via the website will be protected by encryption technology.
You acknowledge that the transmission of information over the internet is inherently insecure, and we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the internet.
You are responsible for keeping your password and other login details confidential. We will not ask you for your password (except when you log in to the website).
Policy amendments
We may update this privacy policy from time to time by posting a new version on our website. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes.
Third party websites
The website contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of third party websites.
Updating information
Please let us know if the personal information which we hold about you needs to be corrected or updated.
Contact
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our treatment of your personal information, please write to us by email to email or by post to postal address.
Data controller
The data controller responsible in respect of the information collected on this website is Global Coaching Office.
EuropeanCoaching Council
The ECC is a formally established continental body for Europe of the International Council for Coaching Excellence.
ECC website
Our membersaround the world
See the lists of our members with additional details.
Accessibility
Terms of use
Privacy and cookie policy
Contact us
© 2020 ICCE