http://www.chelseafc.com/en/footer/cookies-policy
Skip to main content 1. What are Cookies?Like other websites, information and data on the Chelsea FC Sites may be automatically collected through cookies and similar technologies. Cookies are small text files, stored on your device, that a website can use to recognise repeat users. We also use similar technologies to cookies, such as pixels and web beacons. For simplicity, in this Cookie Policy we refer to all of these technologies as “cookies”.Cookies allow us to understand how our visitors navigate the Chelsea FC Sites on each visit and remember you if you return to a Chelsea FC Site. We use this information to improve the Chelsea FC Sites, tailor their contents, and to target appropriate advertising.When you first visit the Chelsea FC Sites, we’ll ask your consent to set non-essential cookies on your device. It is entirely up to you whether you consent or not, but some features of the Chelsea FC Sites may not work as well if you don’t. If you later change your mind, you can manage your Privacy Preferences [HERE].We use five main types of cookies on the Chelsea FC Sites:(1) strictly necessary cookies for the Chelsea FC Sites to work;(2) performance cookies, to help us analyse and understand the performance of the Chelsea FC Sites;(3) functional cookies, to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation on the Chelsea FC Sites;(4) targeting cookies, which enable us and third party partners to select and deliver targeted ads;(5) social media cookies, set by social media services that we have added to the Chelsea FC Sites to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks.The cookies on Chelsea FC may be set by Chelsea FC, or by a third party. Cookies also vary in how long they stay on your device: some cookies will last for only as long as youare on the Chelsea FC Sites, while others will remain on your device for much longer periods unless you delete them.Read on to find out more details about each type of cookie. 2. What types of Cookies do we use?On the Chelsea FC Sites, we use cookies for the following purposes:· Strictly necessary cookies providing essential functionality:These cookies are essential to enable you to navigate around the website securely and to provide you with services you have specifically requested. For instance, they help ensure that payments are processed securely, remember your privacy preferences, or if you are logging in or filling in forms. We don’t give the option to disable these cookies, but you can still set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies. If you do, however, some parts of the Chelsea FC Sites won’t work.· Cookies analysing site performance:These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. For instance, they help pages load quicker. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous.· Cookies providing enhanced functionality:These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. For instance, they can be used to remember your name and location, if you provide this information. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.· Cookies helping us target advertising:These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. If you do not allow these cookies, you will still see advertising online but it will be less targeted to you.· Social media cookies:These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools.In addition, if you visit a page which we maintain on a social media site, it is likely that cookies will also be set on your device. These cookies are set by the social media network and so, to change the cookies that you receive from these sites, even on our pages, you will need to change use the settings provided by the social media site. 3. Manage your Cookie PreferencesYou can withdraw your consent to cookies or change your cookie settings at any time using our Privacy Preference Centre [HERE].You can also alter the settings in your internet browser (e.g. Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox or Microsoft Edge) to accept or decline cookies. For instructions on how to manage cookies in your browser, please read the information available here: http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/. Please note that if you refuse all cookies, including strictly necessary and functional cookies, some aspects of the Chelsea FC Sites will not work. If you are using the Chelsea FC Sites on a mobile app, the operating system of your mobile device (e.g. Apple iOS, or Google Android) should provide privacy settings to allow you to choose how technologies similar to cookies can be used on your device. Please refer to the instructions or help pages of your mobile operating system to learn more about these functions. 4. What Cookies do we use on the Chelsea FC Sites?If you have any questions about our use of cookies, please contact us by email at dataprotection@chelseafc.com.www.chelseafc.com uses the following cookies:  adepartmentManage my cookies