https://www.bearvalley.com/privacy-policy-bearvalley/
Mountain
Mountain – Home
Weather
Lifts & Trails
Preferred Parking
Mountain Safety
Testimonials
History
News
Weddings
Plan Your Visit
Plan Your Visit – Home
COVID-19 Policies & Procedures
About Bear Valley
Bear Valley Lodge
Dining around Bear Valley
General Store
Directions
Around Bear Valley
Shuttle Service
Reba Sports Shop
Events
Offers
Offers – Home
Home > Privacy Policy
Skyline Bear Valley Resorts Online Privacy Policy
Your privacy is of utmost importance to Skyline Bear Valley Resort, and we are committed to treating personal information we obtain from you with care and respect. Accordingly, we comply with California privacy legislation. Moreover, we ensure the safeguarding of your personal information and implement our own best practices that are enforced across all Bear Valley Skyline entities. This information in this policy provides insight on how information is collected and used.
Scope
The Policy applies to the personal information we collect when you visit any Skyline Bear Valley Resorts’ web site, online sales locations and social channels. “Personal Information,” in the case of this policy is defined as information that identifies a particular individual, such as the individual’s name, mailing or email addresses, and telephone number/s. When other information (such as consumer preferences or demographic information) is directly associated with personal information, this other information is treated as personal information.
Consent to the Policy
By visiting any of our Sites, you agree to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Policy. If you do not consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Policy, you should not use our Sites.
Personal Information We Collect
We collect the personal information you actively provide when you use one of our Sites or opt in to our email club. We use the personal information you provide to deliver the programs, products and services that you request, or to process purchases or reservations you have made on our Sites. Information you provide to us on our Sites is stored in an online profile, to enable us to better meet your needs and understand your preferences.
Depending on your privacy preferences, we may use your personal information to send you promotional messages and special offers. We also use your personal information to better understand our guests’ preferences in order to improve our products, programs and services.
At times you may submit information about other people when purchasing products such as lessons or gift card purchases online. We use this information to send your gift or provide the service requested. In addition the person’s information will be added to our mailing and emailing lists.
Disclosure of Your Personal Information
In Connection with Skyline Bear Valley Resort.
Skyline Bear Valley Resorts does not sell your personal information to outside marketers or advertisers. However, at times you may receive news, from Skyline Bear Valley Resorts about collaborative promotions with very carefully selected partners. At no time will we release your email address to any third party outside of the Skyline Bear Valley resort group of companies except under very limited circumstances. These circumstances may include; data analysis, database storage and information distribution hosts, web hosts, and providers of online reservation services. These companies may need information about you in order to perform their functions. These companies are only authorized to use the personal information we share with them for the purpose of delivering the service we hire them to provide and must agree to the terms of this policy. In addition, we only disclose the information they need to provide the specific service or function.
In Connection with Corporate Events
If some or all of the business assets of one of our companies or Sites are sold or transferred, we generally would transfer the corresponding information regarding our guests and customers to the acquiring business so that they can continue to operate the business, but your information would remain subject to this Policy.
In Special Circumstances
In certain special cases, we may disclose your personal information when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to you, Skyline Bear Valley Resorts or someone else. We may also disclose your personal information when we believe the law requires it, or in response to any demand by law enforcement authorities in connection with a criminal investigation, or civil or administrative authorities in connection with a pending civil case, administrative investigation or investigation conducted by Skyline Bear Valley Resorts.
Links to Third-Party Websites
Our Sites contain direct links to sites offered by third parties. Some of these sites are authorized to use the Skyline Bear Valley Resorts’ brands or logos. Those third-party sites are not covered by this Privacy Policy.
Some of the Sites may give you the option of sharing your thoughts, personal information, or skiing and snowboarding experiences automatically on their platforms. If you choose to share information with a third-party site such as Twitter or Facebook, the information you choose to share on those sites is not subject to this Privacy Policy. You should review the privacy policies of those websites to make an informed decision about whether to share your information on those sites. Further, you should review your account settings on those sites to ensure that you are comfortable sharing your information with the audience chosen in that account.
Children’s Privacy
We will not knowingly collect personal information on our Sites from children under the age of 13 without the prior consent of the child’s parent or guardian. If you believe that a child under the age of 13 may have provided personal information to us without consent of the child’s parent or guardian, please contact us at fun@bearvalley.com
Opt-Out of Receiving Future Communications
Our emails give you the option of not receiving future communications from us by sending an email to fun@bearvalley.com
Review and Update Your Information
You may also review or update your personal information collected by this Site or correct factual inaccuracies by emailing fun@bearvalley.com
How We Protect Your Information
Skyline Bear Valley Resorts has appropriate physical, technological, and organizational safeguards and security measures in place to attempt to protect against the loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure of your personal information under our control. However, it is important that you understand that no website or database is completely secure, or “hacker proof.” You can help us by protecting and keeping your passwords safe at all times. You can protect yourself and help us prevent computer crime by promptly notifying us if you suspect that your credit card, pass product with Resort Charge, user name or password is lost, stolen or used without permission. Also, you can reduce many risks by using up to date antivirus software.
Changes to the Policy
We may change this Policy from time to time, by posting the revised Policy on our Sites. The changes will only apply to the personal information we collect after we have posted the revised Policy. We will attempt to notify you of any significant changes to this Policy by sending an email notice. However, it is your responsibility to check this Site for updates as you will be bound by them if you choose to visit our Sites.
Visitors Who Access Our Sites From Outside the United States
Our Sites and databases may be hosted on Web servers located in the United States or other countries. We share the personal information we collect with our third-party service providers, and others around the world as described in this Policy. When we transfer your personal information to another country, we will take appropriate measures to protect your privacy and personal information. By using one of our Sites, you are consenting to the transfer of your personal information to any country in the world in accordance with this Policy.
The Sites are U.S. Sites and are governed by U.S. law. If you do not wish to consent to U.S. law or this Policy, you should not share information with us or use our Sites.
Contact Us
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy or the practices of our Sites, please contact: The Skyline Bear Valley Corporation dba Skyline Bear Valley Resorts at PO Box 5038, 2280 SR207, Bear Valley, CA 95223, 209-753-2301
Effective Date of this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy was updated on January 24, 2015, and is effective as of that date.