https://www.sleeki.co.uk/privacy/
Search
Privacy
At Sleeki  we strive to protect your privacy and rights. We have set forth this statement to explain the information we collect from you, how we use that information, and your legal rights regarding that information.
The processing of personal data is governed by the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (the GDPR). This legislation will replace current data privacy law, giving more rights to you as an individual and more obligations to organisations holding your personal data.
One of the rights is a right to be informed, which means we have to give you even more information than we do now about the way in which we use, share and store your personal information.
This means that we will be publishing a new privacy notice so you can access this information, along with information about the increased rights you have in relation to the information we hold on you and the legal basis on which we are using it.
This new privacy notice comes into effect and will be published on our website on 25 May 2018.
Who are we?
Sleeki This means we decide how your personal data is processed and for what purposes.
Contact:
Sleeki50 The GroveIlkleyWest YorkshireLS29 9EE
Please read the policy carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
Information we may collect from you
We may collect and process the following data about you:
Information that you provide by completing our ‘contact us’ forms on our site. This includes information provided at the time of requesting information or ordering our goods or services. We may also ask you for information when you provide feedback to us about our site.
If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
Details of your visits to our site including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data and the resources that you access.
What information do we collect and how do we use it?
When you choose to contact us through a contact form/web forms, we collect your name, email address, and telephone number etc etc etc This information is used to contact you if we need to respond to your question.
We may use your personal information in the prevention and detection of fraud.
Security of your personal data
Any personal information transmitted over the internet via our website is secured using SSL encrypted.
However transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
How we use your personal data
We may use information held about you in the following ways;
· To ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
· To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes.
· To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us.
· To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so.
· To notify you about changes to our service to you.
Disclosure of your personal data
We will not share your information with any other organisation unless you have given us your expressed written consent to do so.
Who has access to my information?
The information you provide is controlled by Sleeki of 50 The Grove, Ilkley, West Yorkshire, LS29 9EE (“Data Controller”).
How do we protect your information?
We take all reasonable steps to ensure your personal information is stored safely on our servers. Only employees of Sleeki (the Data Controller) who handle the technical management of our website can access your information. In accordance with UK Data Protection legislation we follow strict security procedures in the storage and disclosure of information you provide to prevent unauthorised access. Our procedures mean we may occasionally request proof of identity before disclosing information to you. We cannot however guarantee the security of any data you disclose to us online.
Do we disclose your information to third parties?
We do not sell, trade or rent your personal information to third parties. If we choose to do so in the future, you will be notified by email of our intentions, and have the right to be removed prior to the disclosure.
Your consent and rights
By using our website you consent to the collection and use of this information by Sleeki Changes to this privacy policy will be posted to this page so that you are kept informed of the information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Please note the information you provide will not be transferred out of the UK.
Under UK Data Protection legislation you have a right to see the personal information that we keep about you, upon receipt of written request (by post or email) to the address below.
Cookies
What are cookies and why do we use them?
Cookies are small text files placed on your device when you visit a website or application. Your web browser (such as Google Chrome, Internet Explorer or Mozilla Firefox) then sends these cookies back to the website on each subsequent visit so that they can remember things like preferences.
Cookies are very useful and do lots of different jobs. For example, they enable you to move between our web pages efficiently, they remember your preferences when you visit us again and generally improve your experience when browsing with us. They can also help to ensure that adverts you see online are more relevant to you and your interests.
Cookies last for different lengths of time depending on the job they do.
There are session cookies and persistent cookies:
Session cookies only last for your online session and disappear from your device when you close your browserPersistent cookies stay on your device after the browser has been closed and last for the period of time specified in the cookie
You may delete any cookies already on your computer. You may also disable the cookies we use but doing so may mean you are unable to access all the facilities our site offers. Please refer to your browser’s help files for appropriate instructions.
Cookies we use:
Cookie NameCookie OwnerCookie Description_gat_gtag_UA_{id}-1Google AnalyticsUsed to determine a user’s inclusion in an experiment and the expiry of experiments a user has been included in._gaGoogle AnalyticsUsed to distinguish users._gidGoogle AnalyticsUsed to determine the expiry of experiments a user has been included in.PHPSESSIDHosting ProviderThe items in the customer’s Compare Products list.wp-settings-time-WordPressWordPress also sets a few wp-settings-{time}-[UID] cookies. The number on the end is your individual user ID from the user’s database table. This is used to customize your view of admin interface, and possibly also the main site interface.wp-setting-WordPressWordPress also sets a few wp-settings-[UID] cookies. The number on the end is your individual user ID from the user’s database table. This is used to customize your view of admin interface, and possibly also the main site interface.wordpress_test_cookieWordPressWordPress sets this cookie when you navigate to the login page. The cookie is used to check whether your web browser is set to allow or reject cookies.wordpress_secWordPressEssential WordPress session management cookies for logged in users.wordpress_logged_inWordPressAfter login, wordpress sets the wordpress_logged_in_[hash] cookie, which indicates when you’re logged in, and who you are, for most interface use.gdpr_popupSleekiThis cookie is used to track who has already been shown the notice. The cookie has been set never to expire unless there is a change in the privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page.
We welcome comments on our privacy policy.
Please email your questions and comments to hello@sleeki.co.uk or alternatively you can write to us at the following address
Sleeki50 The GroveIlkleyWest YorkshireLS29 9EE
SearchCategories
Beauty
Cleaning
Commercial
Entertainment
Food & Drink
Gaming
Garden
Health
Pets
Reviews
Smart Home
Smart Phones & Tablets
Sport
Transportation
Travel
Wearable Tech
Copyright © 2020. Created by Sleeki LLP. | Privacy
Home
Categories
Pets
Smart Home
Wearable Tech
Transportation
Travel
Garden
Entertainment
Beauty
Food & Drink
More
Request Product Review
What’s New
Best Gadgets to Take Camping
Best Cordless Hedge Trimmer to Buy in 2020
Which is the Best Gaming Chair in 2020?
Morphy Richards Soup Maker Review
Kärcher Window Cleaner Review
We use cookies on this website, by continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
Find out more.