http://www.secondsout.com/terms--conditions
Newsletter Sign Up
Enter a search term
Search
News
Features
Schedule
Ranking
Results
Interviews
NEWS
FEATURES
VIDEOS
SCHEDULE
Enter a search term
Search
Home
Please read this carefully SecondsOut.com Terms of Use
Use of ’secondsout.com’ both within the UK and around the world is provided by Knockout Entertainment Ltd on the following terms:
A. By using secondsout.com you agree to be bound by these terms, which shall take effect immediately on your first use of secondsout.com. If you do not agree to be bound by all of the following terms please do not use and/or contribute to secondsout.com.
B. Knockout Entertainment may change these terms from time to time and so you should check these terms regularly. Your continued use of secondsout.com will be deemed acceptance of the updated or amended terms. If you do not agree to the changes, you should cease using this website. If there is any conflict between these terms and specific local terms appearing elsewhere on secondsout.com (including house rules) then the latter shall prevail.
Use of secondsout.com
C. You agree to use secondsout.com only for lawful purposes, and in a way that does not infringe the rights of, restrict or inhibit anyone else’s use and enjoyment of secondsout.com. Prohibited behaviour includes harassing or causing distress or inconvenience to any person, transmitting obscene or offensive content or disrupting the normal flow of dialogue within secondsout.com.
Intellectual Property
D. All copyright, trade marks, design rights, patents and other intellectual property rights (registered and unregistered) in and on secondsout.com and all content (including all applications) located on the site shall remain with Knockout Entertainment or its licensors (which includes other users). You may not copy, reproduce, republish, take apart, download, post, broadcast, transmit, make available to the public, or otherwise use secondsout.com content in any way except for your own personal, non-commercial use. You also agree not to adapt, alter or create a derivative work from any secondsout.com content except for your own personal, non-commercial use. Any other use of secondsout.com content requires the prior written permission of Knockout Entertainment.
E. The names, images and logos identifying Knockout Entertainment or third parties and their products and services are subject to copyright, design rights and trade marks of Knockout Entertainment and/or third parties. Nothing contained in these terms shall be construed as conferring any licence or right to use any trade mark, design right or copyright of Knockout Entertainment or any other third party.
Contributions to SecondsOut
F. By sharing any contribution (including text, photographs, graphics, video or audio) with secondsout.com you agree to grant to Knockout Entertainment, free of charge, permission to use the material in any way it wants (including modifying and adapting it for operational and editorial reasons) for Knockout Entertainment services in any media worldwide (including on the SecondsOut site accessed by international users). In certain circumstance Knockout Entertainment may also share your contribution with trusted third parties.
G. Copyright in your contribution will remain with you and this permission is not exclusive, so you can continue to use the material in any way including allowing others to use it.
H. In order that Knockout Entertainment can use your contribution, you confirm that your contribution is your own original work, is not defamatory and does not infringe any UK laws, that you have the right to give Knockout Entertainment permission to use it for the purposes specified above, and that you have the consent of anyone who is identifiable in your contribution or the consent of their parent / guardian if they are under 16.
I. We normally show your name with your contribution, unless you request otherwise, but for operational reasons this is not always possible. Knockout Entertainment may need to contact you for administrative or verification purposes in relation to your contribution, or in relation to particular projects. For full details of when and how we may contact you please see Knockout Entertainment’s Privacy Policy plus any local terms where applicable.
J. Please do not endanger yourself or others, take any unnecessary risks or break any laws when creating content you may share with Knockout Entertainment.
K. If you do not want to grant Knockout Entertainment the permission set out above on these terms, please do not submit or share your contribution to or with secondsout.com.
L. If you have any questions about contributing content to Knockout Entertainment, please see our FAQs.
SecondsOut communities
M. In order to participate in and contribute to selected secondsout.com communities you may be required to register with secondsout.com. Any personal information supplied to secondsout.com as part of this registration process and/or any other interaction with secondsout.com will be collected, stored and used in accordance with the Knockout Entertainment Privacy Policy.
N. You agree to use secondsout.com communities (including message boards) in accordance with the following Community Rules. These apply across all secondsout.com community sites and services. You should, however, read the local rules of the particular site or service you’re using, as there may be some local variations to these Community Rules.
(i) About your posts:
* Contributions must be civil and tasteful.
* No disruptive, offensive or abusive behaviour: contributions must be constructive and polite, not mean-spirited or contributed with the intention of causing trouble.
* No unlawful or objectionable content: unlawful, harassing, defamatory, abusive, threatening, harmful, obscene, profane, sexually oriented, racially offensive or otherwise objectionable material is not acceptable.
* Be patient: users of all ages and abilities may be taking part in the relevant secondsout.com community.
* No spamming or off-topic material: we don’t allow the submission of the same or very similar contributions many times. Please don’t re-submit your contribution to more than one discussion, or contribute off-topic material in subject-specific areas.
* No advertising or promoting.
* Contributions containing languages other than English may be removed unless allowed in the relevant local rules.
* No impersonation.
* No inappropriate (e.g. vulgar, offensive etc) user names.
* URLs (web site addresses) can only be posted if allowed under any relevant local rules.
* Deliberate misuse of the complaints facility is not permitted. If you persist in doing this, action may be taken against your account.
(ii) Your SecondsOut Account:
If you use multiple logins for the purpose of disrupting a community or annoying other users you may have action taken against all of your accounts.
All accounts must be registered with a valid personal email address that you access regularly so that moderation emails can be sent to you. Accounts registered with someone else’s email address, or with temporary email addresses may be closed without notice. We may require users to re-validate their account if we believe they have been using an invalid email address.
Knockout Entertainment reserves the right to close accounts if any user is seen to be using proxy IPs (Internet Protocol addresses) in order to attempt to hide the use of multiple SecondsOut accounts, or if a non UK user pretends to be a UK user, or disrupts any of our services in any way.
(iii) Safety:
We advise that you never reveal any personal information about yourself or anyone else (for example: telephone number, postal address, home address or email address or any other details that would allow you to be personally identified) in any SecondsOut community.
(iv) Legal requirements:
* You may not submit or share any defamatory or illegal material of any nature in secondsout.com communities. This includes text, graphics, video, programs or audio.
* Contributing material to a secondsout.com community with the intention of committing or promoting an illegal act is strictly prohibited.
* You agree to submit to or share with secondsout.com communities only contributions which are your own original work. You must not violate, plagiarise, or infringe the rights of Knockout Entertainment or third parties including copyright, trade mark, trade secrets, privacy, publicity, personal or proprietary rights.
(v) If you’re under 16:
* Please get a parent’s or guardian’s permission before taking part in any secondsout.com community.
* Never reveal any personal information about yourself or anyone else (for example, school, telephone number, your full name, home address or email address).
(vi) If you breach these Community Rules:
If you fail to abide by these Community Rules (and/or any variations in relevant local house rules) when taking part in a secondsout.com community, you will be sent an email which informs you why your contribution has been refused or edited. This email will also include a warning that continuing to break the rules may result in action being taken against your account or accounts.
This action may include a temporary or permanent suspension of your ability to participate in any or all of secondsout.com community areas.
If you submit or share offensive or inappropriate content to or with any secondsout.com communities or anywhere else on secondsout.com or otherwise engage in any disruptive behaviour on secondsout.com, and Knockout Entertainment considers such behaviour to be serious and/or repeated, Knockout Entertainment may use whatever information that is available to it about you to stop any further such infringements. This may include informing relevant third parties such as your employer, school or email provider about the infringement(s).
Knockout Entertainment reserves the right to delete any contribution, or take action against any SecondsOut account, at any time, for any reason.
Disclaimers and Limitation of Liability
O. The majority of content posted in secondsout.com communities is created by members of the public. The views expressed are theirs and unless specifically stated are not those of Knockout Entertainment . Knockout Entertainment is not responsible for any content posted by members of the public on secondsout.com or for the availability or content of any third party sites that are accessible through secondsout.com. Any links to third party websites from secondsout.com do not amount to any endorsement of that site by Knockout Entertainment and any use of that site by you is at your own risk.
P. secondsout.com content, including the information, names, images, pictures, logos and icons regarding or relating to Knockout Entertainment, its products and services (or to third party products and services), is provided "AS IS" and on an "AS AVAILABLE" basis. To the extent permitted by law, Knockout Entertainment excludes all representations and warranties (whether express or implied by law), including the implied warranties of satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, compatibility, security and accuracy. Knockout Entertainment does not guarantee the timeliness, completeness or performance of the website or any of the content. While we try to ensure that all content provided by Knockout Entertainment is correct at the time of publication no responsibility is accepted by or on behalf of Knockout Entertainment for any errors, omissions or inaccurate content on the website.
Q. Nothing in these terms limits or excludes Knockout Entertainment ‘s liability for death or personal injury caused by its proven negligence. Subject to the previous sentence, Knockout Entertainment shall not be liable for any of the following losses or damage (whether such damage or losses were foreseen, foreseeable, known or otherwise): (a) loss of data; (b) loss of revenue or anticipated profits; (c) loss of business; (d) loss of opportunity; (e) loss of goodwill or injury to reputation; (f) losses suffered by third parties; or (g) any indirect, consequential, special or exemplary damages arising from the use of secondsout.com regardless of the form of action.
R. Knockout Entertainment does not warrant that functions available on secondsout.com will be uninterrupted or error free, that defects will be corrected, or that secondsout.com or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or bugs. You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to implement sufficient procedures and virus checks (including anti-virus and other security checks) to satisfy your particular requirements for the accuracy of data input and output.
General
S. If any of these terms are determined to be illegal, invalid or otherwise unenforceable by reason of the laws of any state or country in which these terms are intended to be effective, then to the extent and within the jurisdiction in which that term is illegal, invalid or unenforceable, it shall be severed and deleted from these terms and the remaining terms shall survive and continue to be binding and enforceable.
T. The failure or delay of Knockout Entertainment to exercise or enforce any right in these terms does not waive Knockout Entertainment‘s right to enforce that right.
U. These terms shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of England and Wales which shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any matters.
Secondsout.com
Unicorn House
Station Cl
Hertfordshire
Potters Bar
EN6 1TL secondsout
License/buy our content | Privacy policy | Terms & conditions | Newsletter Sign Up | Contact Us
© 2000 - 2018 Knockout Entertainment Ltd & SecondsOut.com