https://www.twooceansmarathon.org.za/privacy-policy/
Gallery
Contact
Create or Update My Profile
Search
Home
Events
Ultramarathon
Half Marathon
Trail Runs
Fun Runs
Cape Town International Friendship Run
Expo
Event Info
Rules & Regulations
FAQs
Race Day
Route Info
T-Shirts
Prizes & Medals
Supporter Guide
Differently Abled
Runners’ Village
Registration
Hospitality
Training Guide
Entry Info
How to Enter
Event Entry Info
Entry Status
Entry Changes and Substitutions
Qualifying Criteria
Submit Your Ultra Qualifier
Payment Options
Run for Charity
Results
OMTOM 2019 Final Results
Your Race Time
Sponsors
About Us
TOM 50th Anniversary Book
TOM NPC – AGM
Vision, Mission, Values
History
Blue Number Club
News
Press Releases
Blogs
Training and Info Hub
Gallery
Contact
Create or Update My Profile
Search
Home > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Collection of Your Information
`Two Oceans Marathon NPC` (“Two Oceans Marathon NPC”, “We”, “Us”, “Our”), acknowledges and adheres to the Protection of Personal Information Act (POPI), the United Kingdom Data Protection Act 1998, and the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679.
Your privacy is important to you and so it is a priority for us. Our policy is only to use the personal information you supply to us to enhance your experience of the Two Oceans Marathon NPC website.
You will supply personal information to us when you:
• place an enquiry with Two Oceans Marathon NPC
• contact Two Oceans Marathon NPC by e-mail, post or otherwise
• make a donation to Two Oceans Marathon NPC, and
• subscribe to receive newsletters, donor correspondence and other communication materials from Two Oceans Marathon NPC.
Use of Your Information
We need your personal information and will use it to:
• process and fulfill your enquiries;
• contact you about your relationship with us;
• carry out internal administration and analysis; and/or
• share information with you within the subject matter, channel and at the frequency subscribed to by you.
If, at any time you would prefer Two Oceans Marathon NPC not to contact you, you can remove your details from our communication systems using the provided self-help opt out processes, by contacting us at info@twooceansmarathon.org.za.
Two Oceans Marathon NPC works to process and maintain accurately the information that you share with us. We will not sell, rent or trade your personal information to any other person or organisation. We may, however, have to disclose your personal information to necessary third-party service providers to enable us to fulfill your order and process your payment. In supplying Us with personal information, you consent to Two Oceans Marathon NPC, (and its relevant affiliates and trusted partners), using, storing and otherwise processing any personal information which relates to and identifies you, including but not limited to your name and address, to the extent reasonably necessary to provide the goods and services which are available through the Two Oceans Marathon NPC website by us or our sub-contractors. Your personal information may also be disclosed if We need to obtain professional advice or occasionally to credit reference agencies or fraud prevention registers.
We will, of course, inform you of any changes to our policy and you will have the opportunity to opt out of those changes which affect you. Two Oceans Marathon NPC follows strict security procedures to ensure proper storage and careful disclosure of information in order that nothing improper happens to your personal information.
If our business is sold or integrated with another business your details may be disclosed to our advisers and any prospective purchasers and their advisers and will be passed on to the new owners of the business so that the new owners can continue to offer the goods and services currently offered by Two Oceans Marathon NPC.
Our Commitment to Security
We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorised access, maintain data security, and correctly use the information we collect online. Only employees who are required to access information about supporters and website visitors to perform their work are granted access to your personal data. In some instances, personal information collected through our donation, enquiry or subscription functionalities, is processed by third parties for whom such processing is a primary line of business, ensuring the highest levels of security for your personal and credit information.
Parental Consent
Two Oceans Marathon NPC welcomes children to learn more about our organization and about the conservation and environmental issues presented on the Two Oceans Marathon NPC sites, and we are particularly respectful of the privacy of our young users. We encourage parents to monitor their children’s use of the Internet and to help us protect their privacy by instructing them never to provide personal information on this site or any other without permission. Two Oceans Marathon NPC will never attempt to extract unnecessary information from our users, regardless of age. In addition, we will never knowingly collect information from or about children age 18 and under. If you are under the age of 18, you must obtain consent from your parents or guardians before disclosing personal information to us. If we become aware that a child under 18 has provided us with such information without consent, we will use our best efforts to remove such information from our files. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that a child under 18 has provided such information to us, he or she should contact us at Two Oceans Marathon info@twooceansmarathon.org.za.
Cookies
Two Oceans Marathon NPC’s website uses cookies to enhance your visit. If you do not wish to accept cookies your web-browser may be configurable to notify you and/or reject cookies. Please note, however, that the disabling of cookie functionality on your browser may limit the availability of certain features of the Two Oceans Marathon NPC website. Read Our Cookie Policy for more information.
Data Access
In accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998, you are entitled to request details of the personal information We hold about you. We may charge a fee for complying with your request. If you become aware that the personal information we hold about you is inaccurate, you may request that we amend it. Any amendments that you are unable to administrate yourself through our self-help subscription detail service, should be requested in writing to Us at info@twooceansmarathon.org.za
Terms of Use
The Terms of Use are available to you, so that you can verify legal aspects related to the use of this website.
These Terms and Conditions of Use (the “Terms of Use”) apply to the Two Oceans Marathon NPC web site located at peaceparks.org, and all associated sites linked to peaceparks.org by Two Oceans Marathon NPC, its subsidiaries and affiliates, including Two Oceans Marathon NPC sites around the world (collectively, the “Site”). The Site is the property of Two Oceans Marathon NPC (“Two Oceans Marathon NPC”) and its licensors.
By using the site, you agree to the terms of use. If not, do not use this site.
Two Oceans Marathon NPC reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions of these Terms of Use, at any time. It is your responsibility to check these Terms of Use periodically for changes. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes will mean that you accept and agree to the changes. As long as you comply with these Terms of Use, Two Oceans Marathon NPC grants you a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited privilege to enter and use the Site.
Content
All text, graphics, user interfaces, visual interfaces, photographs, trademarks, logos, sounds, music, artwork and computer code (collectively, “Content”), including but not limited to the design, structure, selection, coordination, expression, “look and feel” and arrangement of such Content, contained on the Site is owned, controlled or licensed by or to Two Oceans Marathon NPC, and is protected by trade dress, copyright, patent and trademark laws, and various other intellectual property rights and unfair competition laws. Except as expressly provided in these Terms of Use, no part of the Site and no Content may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, publicly displayed, encoded, translated, transmitted or distributed in any way (including “mirroring”) to any other computer, server, Web site or other medium for publication or distribution or for any commercial enterprise, without Two Oceans Marathon NPC’s express prior written consent. You may use information on Two Oceans Marathon NPC products and services (such as data sheets, knowledge base articles, and similar materials) purposely made available by Two Oceans Marathon NPC for downloading from the Site, provided that you (1) not remove any proprietary notice language in all copies of such documents, (2) use such information only for your personal, non-commercial informational purpose and do not copy or post such information on any networked computer or broadcast it in any media, (3) make no modifications to any such information, and (4) not make any additional representations or warranties relating to such documents.
Your Use of the Site
You may not use any “deep-link”, “page-scrape”, “robot”, “spider” or other automatic device, program, algorithm or methodology, or any similar or equivalent manual process, to access, acquire, copy or monitor any portion of the Site or any Content, or in any way reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the Site or any Content, to obtain or attempt to obtain any materials, documents or information through any means not purposely made available through the Site. Two Oceans Marathon NPC reserves the right to bar any such activity. You may not attempt to gain unauthorized access to any portion or feature of the Site, or any other systems or networks connected to the Site or to any Two Oceans Marathon NPC server, or to any of the services offered on or through the Site, by hacking, password “mining” or any other illegitimate means. You may not probe, scan or test the vulnerability of the Site or any network connected to the Site, nor breach the security or authentication measures on the Site or any network connected to the Site. You may not reverse look-up, trace or seek to trace any information on any other user of or visitor to the Site, or any other customer of Two Oceans Marathon NPC, including any Two Oceans Marathon NPC account not owned by you, to its source, or exploit the Site or any service or information made available or offered by or through the Site, in any way where the purpose is to reveal any information, including but not limited to personal identification or information, other than your own information, as provided for by the Site.
You agree that you will not take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the infrastructure of the Site or Two Oceans Marathon NPC’s systems or networks, or any systems or networks connected to the Site or to Two Oceans Marathon NPC. You agree not to use any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Site or any transaction being conducted on the Site, or with any other person’s use of the Site. You may not forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any message or transmittal you send to Two Oceans Marathon NPC on or through the Site or any service offered on or through the Site. You may not pretend that you are, or that you represent, someone else, or impersonate any other individual or entity. You may not use the Site or any Content for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms of Use, or to solicit the performance of any illegal activity or other activity which infringes the rights of Two Oceans Marathon NPC or others.
Purchases – Other Terms and Conditions
Additional terms and conditions may apply to purchases of goods or services and to specific portions or features of the Site, including contests, promotions or other similar features, all of which terms are made a part of these Terms of Use by this reference. You agree to abide by such other terms and conditions, including where applicable representing that you are of sufficient legal age to use or participate in such service or feature. If there is a conflict between these Terms of Use and the terms posted for or applicable to a specific portion of the Site or for any service offered on or through the Site, the latter terms shall control with respect to your use of that portion of the Site or the specific service. Two Oceans Marathon NPC’s obligations, if any, with regard to its products and services are governed solely by the agreements pursuant to which they are provided, and nothing on this Site should be construed to alter such agreements. Two Oceans Marathon NPC may make changes to any products or services offered on the Site, or to the applicable prices for any such products or services, at any time, without notice. The materials on the Site with respect to products and services may be out of date, and Two Oceans Marathon NPC makes no commitment to update the materials on the Site with respect to such products and services.
Acceptance of Donations
Two Oceans Marathon NPC accepts donations in the form of direct deposits, credit card payments, third party online payment systems, and other approved forms of in-kind donations. Two Oceans Marathon NPC holds bank accounts in South Africa, Mozambique and offshore; and has access to accounts through their international fundraising partners in Germany, the Netherlands, Sweden, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the United States to ensure ease of payment for donors. As soon as the finance department is notified of any payments made to such accounts, Two Oceans Marathon NPC will either send donors a receipt of donation and a thank-you letter or comply with reporting requirements specified in the donor contract. In the case of donations made in-kind, the amount of the donation recorded will be acquired through independent valuation. Two Oceans Marathon NPC accepts donations only under the premise that no material benefit or advantage will be provided to the donor. The transaction currency for donations made through third party online payment systems will be South African Rand (ZAR).
Refunds and Cancellations
Two Oceans Marathon NPC endeavours to use the donation in accordance with the original specified purpose. Where this is not possible Two Oceans Marathon NPC will contact the donor, or the donor’s representative, to discuss other uses for the funds. If a decision is not agreed upon regarding acceptable alternatives, the donor will be refunded or the contract, and any further payment instalments, discontinued. Where an excess of funds has been raised for a specific purpose, such as a crowd funding campaign, funds will be diverted to other relevant Two Oceans Marathon NPC activities as stated on the original ask. If no such alternative purpose was stated, donors will be notified via email and given the option of having their funds diverted to another Two Oceans Marathon NPC activity, or being refunded. Any request for a refund not covered in the descriptions above will be considered and determined on a case-by-case basis.
Accounts, Passwords and Security
Certain features or services offered on or through the Site may require you to open an account (including setting up an Two Oceans Marathon NPC ID and password). You are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account information, including your password, and for any and all activity that occurs under your account. You agree to notify Two Oceans Marathon NPC immediately of any unauthorized use of your account or password, or any other breach of security. However, you may be held liable for losses incurred by Two Oceans Marathon NPC or any other user of or visitor to the Site due to someone else using your Two Oceans Marathon NPC ID, password or account. You may not use anyone else’s Two Oceans Marathon NPC ID, password or account at any time without the express permission and consent of the holder of that Two Oceans Marathon NPC ID, password or account. Two Oceans Marathon NPC cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with these obligations.
Privacy
Two Oceans Marathon NPC’s Privacy Policy applies to use of this Site, and its terms are made a part of these Terms of Use by this reference. Additionally, by using the Site, you acknowledge and agree that Internet transmissions are never completely private or secure. You understand that any message or information you send to the Site may be read or intercepted by others, even if there is a special notice that a particular transmission (for example, credit card information) is encrypted.
Links to Other Sites and to the Two Oceans Marathon NPC Site
This Site may contain links to other independent third-party Web sites (“Linked Sites”). These Linked Sites are provided solely as a convenience to our visitors. Such Linked Sites are not under Two Oceans Marathon NPC’s control, and Two Oceans Marathon NPC is not responsible for and does not endorse the content of such Linked Sites, including any information or materials contained on such Linked Sites. You will need to make your own independent judgment regarding your interaction with these Linked Sites.
Disclaimers
Two Oceans Marathon NPC does not promise that the site or any content, service or feature of the site will be error-free or uninterrupted, or that any defects will be corrected, or that your use of the site will provide specific results. The site and its content are delivered on an “as-is” and “as-available” basis. All information provided on the site is subject to change without notice. Two Oceans Marathon NPC cannot ensure that any files or other data you download from the site will be free of viruses or contamination or destructive features. Two Oceans Marathon NPC disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including any warranties of accuracy, non-infringement, merchant ability and fitness for a particular purpose. Two Oceans Marathon NPC disclaims any and all liability for the acts, omissions and conduct of any third parties in connection with or related to your use of the site and/or any Two Oceans Marathon NPC services. You assume total responsibility for your use of the site and any linked sites. Your sole remedy against Two Oceans Marathon NPC for dissatisfaction with the site or any content is to stop using the site or any such content. This limitation of relief is a part of the bargain between the parties.
The above disclaimer applies to any damages, liability or injuries caused by any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus, communication line failure, theft or destruction of or unauthorized access to, alteration of, or use, whether for breach of contract, tort, negligence or any other cause of action. Two Oceans Marathon NPC reserves the right to do any of the following, at any time, without notice: (1) to modify, suspend or terminate operation of or access to the Site, or any portion of the Site, for any reason; (2) to modify or change the Site, or any portion of the Site, and any applicable policies or terms; and (3) to interrupt the operation of the Site, or any portion of the Site, as necessary to perform routine or non-routine maintenance, error correction, or other changes.
Miscellaneous
You may not use or export or re-export any Content or any copy or adaptation of such Content, or any product or service offered on the Site, in violation of any applicable laws or regulations. If any of the provisions of these Terms of Use are held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be void or unenforceable, such provisions shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary and replaced with a valid provision that best embodies the intent of these Terms of Use, so that these Terms of Use shall remain in full force and effect. These Terms of Use constitute the entire agreement between you and Two Oceans Marathon NPC with regard to your use of the Site, and any and all other written or oral agreements or understandings previously existing between you and Two Oceans Marathon NPC with respect to such use are hereby superseded and cancelled. Two Oceans Marathon NPC will not accept any counter-offers to these Terms of Use, and all such offers are hereby categorically rejected. Two Oceans Marathon NPC’s failure to insist on or enforce strict performance of these Terms of Use shall not be construed as a waiver by Two Oceans Marathon NPC of any provision or any right it has to enforce these Terms of Use, nor shall any course of conduct between Two Oceans Marathon NPC and you or any other party be deemed to modify any provision of these Terms of Use. These Terms of Use shall not be interpreted or construed to confer any rights or remedies on any third parties. Two Oceans Marathon NPC provides access to Two Oceans Marathon NPC international data and, therefore, may contain references or cross references to Two Oceans Marathon NPC products, programs and services that are not announced in your country. Such reference does not imply that Two Oceans Marathon NPC in your country intends to announce such products, programs or services.
Feedback and Information
Any feedback you provide at this site shall be deemed to be non-confidential. Two Oceans Marathon NPC shall be free to use such information on an unrestricted basis.
The information contained in this web site is subject to change without notice.
Copyright © 1997-2020 Two Oceans Marathon NPC All rights reserved.
Updated by Two Oceans Marathon NPC on 24/10/2020.
Cookie Policy
What are Cookies?
As is common practice with almost all professional websites, this site uses cookies. Cookies are small text files or pieces of information that are stored on your computer or mobile device (such as a smartphone or tablet) when you visit the Two Oceans Marathon NPC web site. A cookie will usually contain the name of the website from which the cookie has come, the “lifetime” of the cookie (i.e. how long the cookie will remain on your device), and a value, which is usually a randomly generated unique number.
This policy describes what information these cookies collect and store, how Two Oceans Marathon NPC uses it, and why Two Oceans Marathon NPC sometimes needs to store these cookies. We will also share how you can prevent these cookies from being stored, although this might result in reduced or disabled site functionality.
For general information on cookies see – at Wikipedia HTTP Cookies
What do we use Cookies for?
We use cookies to make our Two Oceans Marathon NPC website easier to use and to better tailor the sites and our products to your interests and needs. Cookies can do this because web sites can read and write these files, enabling them to recognise you and remember important information that will make your use of a website more convenient (for example by remembering preference settings). Cookies may also be used to help speed up your future activities and experience on our sites. TWO OCEANS MARATHON NPC also uses cookies to compile anonymous, aggregated statistics that allow us to understand how users use our web site and to help us improve the structure and content of our site. TWO OCEANS MARATHON NPC cannot identify you personally from this information.
What Types of Cookies do we use?
The use of cookies serves a variety of purposes on the TWO OCEANS MARATHON NPC website, as detailed in this policy.
Two types of cookies may be used on the TWO OCEANS MARATHON NPC website, namely “session cookies” and “persistent cookies”. Session cookies are temporary cookies that remain on your device until you leave the website. A persistent cookie remains on your device for much longer or until you manually delete it (how long the cookie remains on your device will depend on the duration or “lifetime” of the specific cookie).
When you submit data through a form, such as those found on contact pages, cookies may be set to remember your user details for future correspondence. Furthermore, in some cases TWO OCEANS MARATHON NPC may provide you with custom content based on what you tell us about yourself either directly or indirectly. These types of cookies simply allow TWO OCEANS MARATHON NPC to provide you with content that we feel may be of interest to you.
Third Party Cookies
In some special cases, the TWO OCEANS MARATHON NPC website uses cookies provided by trusted third parties. The following section details which third party cookies you currently might encounter through the TWO OCEANS MARATHON NPC website.
The TWO OCEANS MARATHON NPC website uses Google Analytics, which is one of the most trusted analytics solutions globally. This service assists TWO OCEANS MARATHON NPC in understanding how you use the site, and accordingly how we can improve your user experience. The cookies related to this service may track things such as how much time you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content. For more information on these cookies, see the official Google Analytics page.
TWO OCEANS MARATHON NPC also uses social media buttons and/or plugins on the TWO OCEANS MARATHON NPC website that allow you to connect with your social networks in various ways. For these to work, the following social media sites including; Facebook, Twitter and YouTube, will set cookies through the TWO OCEANS MARATHON NPC website that may be used to enhance your profile on their site or contribute to the data they hold for various purposes outlined in their respective privacy policies.
Disabling and Deleting Cookies
Although many internet browsers are initially set up to automatically accept cookies, most internet browsers allow you to change the settings to block cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent to your device.
In addition to the options provided above, you may refuse, accept or remove cookies from the TWO OCEANS MARATHON NPC website at any time by activating or accessing the setting on your browser (consult your browser’s Help option). Be aware that disabling cookies could affect and/or disable the functionality and features of the TWO OCEANS MARATHON NPC and many other websites that you visit. It is therefore recommended that, even in cases where you are unsure of their function, you enable all cookies in case they are in fact utilised for the provision of specific services you use on the TWO OCEANS MARATHON NPC website.
If you use different devices to view and access the sites (e.g. your computer, smartphone, tablet etc.) you will need to ensure that each browser on each device is adjusted to suit your cookie preferences.
See USEFUL LINKS below for guidance on how to clean out all cookies left behind by the websites you have visited.
More Information
Should you not deem the information contained herein sufficient to answer all your questions about cookies, you can contact us
Useful Links
Browser-specific help with cookies:
• Internet Explorer
• Chrome
• Firefox
• Safari
• Opera
Title Sponsor
Partner Sponsors
View All Sponsors
Subscribe to Newsletter
Legal & Disclaimer
Notice
This website or its third party tools use cookies, which are necessary to its functioning and required to achieve the purposes illustrated in the cookie policy. If you want to know more or withdraw your consent to all or some of the cookies, please refer to the
cookie policy
. By closing this banner, clicking a link or continuing to browse otherwise, you agree to the use of cookies.
CLOSE