https://www.lords.org/footer/privacy-policy
Search
Close
Lord's
Match day
Match day
Fixtures and Results
2021 International Fixtures
Premium Seating
Plan your day
Food & Drink
Experiences
Experiences
Tours & Museum
Afternoon Tea
Lord's Dining Club
Dressing Room Experience
Lord's Tavern
Conferences & Events
Indoor Cricket Centre
Indoor Cricket Centre
Kids' Courses
Adults' Coaching
One-to-one Coaching
Hire the Cricket Centre
News & stories
History
History
Honours Boards
The History of Lord's
The Ashes
Bell Ringers
Father Time
The Masterplan
Visiting
Visiting
Contact Us
How to Get Here
Ground map
MCC
The Club
The Club
About MCC
How to join
MCC Committees
Cricket
Cricket
MCC Cricket
MCC Young Cricketers
MCC Universities
Overseas Tours
MCC Foundation
In the Community
The Laws of Cricket
Heritage & Collections
Heritage & Collections
What we do
Latest from Lord's
Who We Work With
Research Enquiry
Search the Collections
Careers
Careers
A Career at MCC
Vacancies
Casual Catering Roles
Casual Stewarding Roles
Volunteer
Tickets
Tickets Home
International Matches
The Hundred
Shop
Lord's Shop
Online Store
Vacancies
Accessibility
Privacy Notice
Marylebone Cricket Club (“MCC”) takes your privacy very seriously. We ask that you read this Privacy Notice carefully as it contains important information about what to expect when we collect personal information about you, including how we will use your personal data and the steps that we take to ensure that it is kept safe.
MCC shall process all personal information in accordance with data protection legislation and regulations relating to the processing of personal data and privacy, including but not limited to the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679).
MCC is responsible as ‘controller’ of personal information for the purposes of those laws.
What personal information do we collect about you?
In order to provide you with our services and products and for other lawful reasons related to membership, club administration and the legitimate interests of MCC and the MCC Foundation, we may collect personal information about you from our website, telephone conversations, emails, and written and oral communications. We may, for example, keep a record of your name, address, email address, telephone number and/or date of birth. We may also record details of any disability or health related requirements you may have at the time of making a booking for an event or service, for example, to help ensure your safety.
In addition to the information you knowingly provide, MCC collects the domain names and IP addresses of its visitors to the website www.lords.org, along with usage statistics (for example, types of web browsers and operating systems used), browsing history, and, on occasion, the ‘open rates’ for email communications sent by MCC. This data is used to promote our services and measure its effectiveness. MCC may combine this information with the personally identifiable and other information it collects, including by cookies and similar technologies (see our Cookies Policy and the section below).
How will we use your personal information?
We will primarily use your personal information to provide our services and products to you.
We may also use your personal information for one or more of the following purposes:
a) to process requests and purchases and manage your interactions with us;
b) to communicate with you about services or products you have requested from us: for example, in the event that the service or product you have requested is unavailable; or if there is a query or problem with your requests; or when (in accordance with your preferences) we keep in touch with you about similar services or products;
c) for MCC Members and candidates: administration of your membership (or application for membership), including providing Member benefits and keeping in touch;
d) for record-keeping purposes (for example, for membership archives);
e) to recover debt and to help us to prevent fraud;
f) to fulfil our legal obligations (for example, where we are required to keep records of transactions or share information with authorities);
g) to improve the quality of our services;
h) subject to the terms of this Notice and your preferences, for marketing purposes (including fundraising on behalf of ourselves and the MCC Foundation), and so that we can improve and tailor the services and/or products we offer you;
i) to create an individual profile for you so that we can enhance your user experience, to understand and respect your preferences and to provide newsletters and details of relevant offers and opportunities where you have agreed to receive them; and
j) for other legitimate business or governance purposes, including analysis of trends in support and participation for the benefit of cricket and the Club.
We may also use aggregate information and statistics for the purposes of monitoring website usage in order to help us to develop our website and our services. We may also provide such aggregate information to third parties, but these statistics will not include information that can be used to identify you.
Disclosure of your personal information
Subject to your preferences (which may be altered at any time by amending the preferences in your personal account on MCC’s website here), your personal information may be shared with carefully selected partners, sponsors and licensees whose services and/or products we think may be of interest to you. Your preferences may be in the form of a consent given during the registration process or by other means, or a request for more information about an offer from one of our partners or sponsors.
Those third parties may then contact you directly to tell about their services and/or products, having checked with us where necessary to ensure you are a Member (if applicable), or we may contact you on their behalf. Our current list of partners and sponsors is here.
In addition, in order to provide our services and products, we may, occasionally, appoint other organisations to carry out some of the processing activities on our behalf. These may include, for example, technology hosts, printing companies and mailing houses. In these circumstances, we will ensure that personal information is properly protected and that it is only used in accordance with this Privacy Notice.
In limited circumstances, we may disclose your personal information to third parties if we are under a legal obligation to do so, or because it is necessary to share with a governing body for the administration or governance of the sport of cricket.
What if you do not want to receive marketing information?
We consider it is in MCC's legitimate interest to keep you informed about what we and our partners offer. If you would rather not receive marketing information from us or any other third party to whom we may disclose your personal information, please contact us (see the section “How to contact MCC” below) or modify the settings/preferences in your personal account on the website.
If you agree to us providing you with marketing information or MCC news, you can always opt out at a later date or narrow your preferences. You are in control of what you receive. However, please note that where you withhold or withdraw your consent to be contacted in this way, we may be unable to keep you informed of new services, products, events and/or special offers that may interest you.
Cookies and other information-gathering technologies
Our website www.lords.org uses cookies. Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behaviour information. These cookies allow us to distinguish you from other users of the website which helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site.
For more information on which cookies we use and how we use them, see our Cookies Policy.
How we protect and keep your personal information
We keep your personal data for no longer than necessary for a lawful purpose, such as processing a purchase (or for a reasonable period after the purchase so that we can process any claim or query); or, if applicable, to administer and keep a permanent record of your membership of MCC. We will also keep your contact details for as long as we believe you wish to hear from us using those contact details.
MCC takes the security of your personal information seriously. MCC will attempt to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of your personal information. MCC has implemented reasonable administrative, technical and physical measures to protect your personal information.
However, you should be aware that the use of the Internet is not entirely secure and for this reason we cannot guarantee the security or integrity of any personal information which is transferred from you or to you via the Internet. We are not responsible for the contents or policies of external websites and recommend that you check the privacy and security policies and procedures of every website that you use and submit your personal details to.
Overseas transfers
The information you provide may be transferred to countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA) that do not have similar protections in place regarding your data and restrictions on its use as set out in this Notice. However, we will take steps to ensure adequate protections are in place to ensure the security of your information. The EEA comprises the EU member states plus Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein. By submitting your information you agree to these transfers for the purposes specified above.
Access to your personal information and updating and correcting your personal information
You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you.  If you would like a copy of some or all of your personal information, please send an email to dataprotection@mcc.org.uk.
We want to ensure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. If any of the information that you have provided to us changes, for example if you change your email address or name, please amend your details via your personal account on the website or if you are a Member of MCC, contact the Membership Office at membership@mcc.org.uk.
You may ask us, or we may ask you, to correct information you or we think is inaccurate, and you may also ask us to remove information which is inaccurate or unnecessary. You have various other rights including the right to object to or restrict certain types of data processing, to withdraw consent where you have given it, to ask us to transfer your data to a third party, and to raise any concerns with the Information Commissioner.
Social media followers
Interaction on social media
If you follow one of our social media accounts, we receive basic personal data about you according to your profile: your account name, gender, general interests, location, age. You may also communicate with us directly and provide content in this way. Our legal basis for processing this data is our legitimate interest in providing social media and marketing content that is of interest to our followers on social media.
Data Uses
This personal data will be used within the terms and functionality of the social media sites.
Data Sharing
We are not responsible for the user terms or activities of third party sites. However, MCC will not sell your information nor permit others to do so. We will not share your information with any third party except as stated in this Privacy Notice or as required to operate our social media sites, provide our services and/or products to you and/or administer your account.
Changes to Privacy Notice
We keep our Privacy Notice under regular review. If we change our Privacy Notice we will post the changes on this page, where appropriate, place notices on other pages of the website and advertise on our social media platforms. Any material changes that affect how your personal data is used will be provided to you, so that you may be aware of the information we collect and how we use it at all times. This Privacy Notice was last updated on 8th May 2018.
How to contact MCC or the ICO
If you would like to contact MCC with any queries about our Privacy Notice, please send an email to dataprotection@mcc.org.uk or write to us attention Data Protection at Marylebone Cricket Club, Lord’s Ground, St John’s Wood Road, NW8 8QN.
If you wish to raise a query with the Information Commissioner, you may do so at www.ico.org.uk or on 0303 123 1113.
Download the MCC Data Subject Access Request Form