http://www.bristolactivitycentre.co.uk/privacy-policy/
BRISTOL ACTIVITY CENTRE LTD – PRIVACY POLICY ( GDPR COMPLIANCE ) 2018
This privacy policy sets out how we, Bristol Activity Centre use and protect any personal information we collect about you when you use our website, make a booking with us; either online, by telephone or in-person, fill out our online / manual waivers, engage with our social media platforms or with any of our services pertinent to the activities we run. We are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. We reserve the right to make changes to this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page to ensure that you are happy with any changes that may be made in future.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU?
We collect information about you when you contact us and/or book/participate in a paintballing or activity event with us. We also collect information when you voluntarily complete customer surveys, provide feedback and participate in competitions. Website usage information is collected using cookies.
When you make a booking with us we require certain elements of your personal information in order to process your reservation. This includes your name, address, postcode, telephone number, email address, date of birth, gender (optional), credit / debit card details or in the case of a corporate booking, details relating to your company or organisation.
In some instances, such as booking online and reserving your booking by telephone your information will be shared with a third party such as the company that manages our online booking system and/or when making a payment – the company used to manage the payment gateway eg: Paymentsense / Stripe etc. Third parties will have their own privacy systems in place and therefore you should also make yourself aware of their compliance policies.
HOW WILL WE USE THE INFORMATION ABOUT YOU?
We require the information collected from you in order to arrange your event, best understand your needs, provide you with the best customer service experience possible and for the following reasons:-
Internal record keeping
Insurance policy compliance
We may use the information to improve our products and services
We would like to send you information on our products and services and if you agree, may periodically send you promotional emails, SMS messages or social media promotions about new products, special offers, discounts or newsletters which we think you may find of interest.
MARKETING
We would like to send you information about products and services of ours which may be of interest to you. If you have consented to receive such marketing, you may opt-out or unsubscribe at any time from our communications by clicking on the appropriate link or by contacting us directly. When filling out forms online please ensure that you click to indicate you are happy to receive marketing communications from us or when asked by one of our team about your marketing preferences again please indicate if you do not wish to be contacted.
You have a right at any time to stop us from contacting you for marketing purposes.
We do not sell your data to any third parties for marketing purposes. If you no longer wish to be contacted for marketing purposes, please contact us as outlined at the bottom of this page.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES AND THIRD PARTIES
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. When you click on these links you will be re-directed to those external / third party sites. Once you leave our site you should note that we no longer have any control over that other website / page. We cannot, therefore, be responsible for the privacy and protection of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites. You are advised therefore to look at the privacy policies in place on those websites.
SECURITY
In line with new data protection law and GDPR, we are committed to ensuring that your information is as secure as possible. We have taken all reasonable steps to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure via the implementation of physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard the information we collect.
ACCESS TO YOUR INFORMATION AND CORRECTION OF DATA
We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. You may ask us to correct or remove information you think is inaccurate at any time.
You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. If you would like a copy of some or all of your personal information or wish to contact us about any incorrect information we may hold then please email at the following address. We may make a small charge for this service depending on the nature of the request.
Email: info@bristolactivitycentre.com
Tel: 0117 935 33 00
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Any required changes or amendments to our policy will be made here on this page. We reserve to the right to make changes to our policy at any time and encourage you to check this page in order to remain updated. This policy was last updated on 1st October 2020
COOKIES
Cookies are small text files that websites save to your computer. On this site, they are here to help Bristol Activity Centre understand how people use the website, advertisements we may have running, and to provide certain features to our users (such as YouTube videos, and online chat.).
These cookies aren't used to identify you personally, but they can remember activities and preferences chosen by you and your web browser.
You can manage cookies by controlling which cookies are saved or by deleting them if you wish.
THE COOKIES WE USE ARE AS FOLLOWS:
Tawk cookies - these allow our online chat client to work, which allows us to chat to customers and answer questions online. View Tawk’s privacy policy here.
YouTube cookies - these allow us to display YouTube videos on our website. View Google's privacy policy here.
Facebook cookies - these are used to allow us to check the effectiveness of our Facebook advertising. View Facebook's cookie policy here.
Google Analytics cookies - these show us how many users have visited the pages of our website, the amount of visits pages have had, and which country they are from, as well as other fully anonymised data such as how long was spent on the site. This data helps us improve the quality of content on our website. View Google's privacy policy here.
Our website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Necessary
Always Enabled