http://www.furd.org/cookie-policy
Cookie Policy /
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website.
Cookies are tiny files which are stored on your device (computer, smartphone, tablet and so forth). This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information stored in one of our cookies does not directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalised web experience.
There are two types of cookie you may encounter when using websites:
First party cookies: these are the sites own cookies, controlled by the site owner and used to provide information about usage of the site and possibly help the site’s functionality. FURD does not use these cookies.
Third party cookies: these are cookies found in other companies’ internet tools which we are using to enhance our site, for example Facebook or Twitter have their own cookies, which are controlled by them. We use cookies to:
ensure the website works
measure how you use the website, so it can be updated and improved based on your needs
remember the notifications you’ve seen so that we don’t show them to you again
Here is a list of the main cookies we use, and what they are used for:
utma Cookie purpose description: Collects data on the number of times a user has visited the web site as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. Used by Google Analytics.
utmb Cookie purpose description: Registers a timestamp with the exact time of when the user accessed the web site. Used by Google Analytics to calculate the duration of a web site visit.
utmc Cookie purpose description: Registers a timestamp with the exact time of when the user leaves the web site. Used b y Google Analytics to calculate the duration of a web site visit.
utmt Cookie purpose description: Used to throttle the speed of requests to the server.
utmz Cookie purpose description: Collects data on where the user came from, what search engine was used, what link was clicked and what search term was used. Used by Google Analytics. For further details of Googles Privacy policy click here https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en&gl=uk
Most web browsers (for example Safari, Chrome, Firefox, Internet Explorer, Edge and so forth) will allow you to delete selected / all cookies currently installed on your device. For information on how to do this, please consult your browser help file.
Social Media linking
We have built into this website social media sharing buttons which, when used, will help share web content from this site directly to the social media platform in question. We advise that before using such sharing buttons that you do so at your own discretion.
Note that the social media platform you share our content may track and save your request to share a web page respectively through your social media platform account.
Communication, engagement and actions taken through external social media platforms that we participate on are custom to the terms and conditions as well as the privacy policies held with each social media platform respectively.
We will never ask for personal or sensitive information through social media platforms.
Signed Director - FURD
Last updated: 29 Jan 2020