http://www.elitegolfsolutions.co.uk/privacy-policy.asp
ELITE GOLF SOLUTIONS
for the professional touch
Tel: 01306 646477
Home
Join Now
Golf Handicaps
Membership
Societies
Stats Pack
Promotions
Log On
View Certificate
Quick Links
About Us
Site Map
How it Works
Customer Reviews
Privacy Policy
FAQs
Links
Contact Us
Secure Payment
All our payments are made secure using
Privacy Policy
Your
privacy is important to us. We hope the following statement will help you understand
how Elite Golf Solutions collects, uses and safeguards personal information
provided to us on our website, over the phone or via email.
Elite Golf Solutions is committed to ensuring that your privacy is
protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be
identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only
be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Elite Golf Solutions may change this policy from time to time by updating
this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are
happy with any changes. This policy was last updated on 4th January
2010.
What we collect
We may collect the following
information:
first
and last names
contact
information including email address
gender
please
note that we DO NOT hold your payment details on our server, you
will be passed directly to the Stripe payment gateway to enter your payment details.
What we do with the
information we gather
We require this information to
understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular
for the following reasons:
Internal
record keeping.
We
may use the information to provide you with a reminder when your membership is
due to expire.
We
may periodically send promotional emails about
new services, special offers or other information which we think you may find
interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From
time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market
research purposes. If we do, we will only contact you by email. We may use the
information to customise the website according to your interests.
Choice/Opt-out
If you use this site to purchase services or to use the Free Trial you may
occasionally receive information on new services of special offers, and a
newsletter. Out of respect for the privacy of our users we present the option
to not receive these types of communications when your Register or Subscribe to
our services.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that
your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or
disclosure, we have put in place
suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure
the information we collect online.
Payment Details
For your security and protection,
any payment information that you provide is NOT collected or held
by us on our server. Instead, your payment
will be collected via the Stripe payment gatway.
We can and do process payments
via the telephone for your convenience. However, once we have processed this
payment on Stripe’s secure payment server, any manual records of your payment details are
destroyed.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which
asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the
file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when
you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you
as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs,
likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your
preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to
identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page
traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customers’ needs. We
only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data
is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide
you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find
useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your
computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share
with us.
You can choose to accept or
decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can
usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may
prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to
other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave
our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other
website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of
any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are
not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at
the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal
information
You may choose to restrict/manage
the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
the
information that we collect is minimal and is purely to enable us to provide
the required service to you.
if
you wish to change any information that we hold about you, you can do this
online by clicking on the ‘My Account’ link once logged in.  If you would
like us to remove your information from our database then please contact us as
per below.
We will NOT sell,
distribute or lease your personal information to third parties, under any
circumstances.
You may request details of
personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act
1998. This information can be located in your ‘My Account’ section of our
website when you are logged in or, if you prefer, please contact us by email at
or call us on +44 (0)1306 646477.
If you believe
that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please
write to or email us as soon as possible, as above. We will promptly correct
any information found to be incorrect.
© 2003-2020 Elite Golf Solutions Ltd. All rights reserved.
Web Design: e-Limelight Ltd