http://www.thecorporateskicompany.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
INTRODUCTION
We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors; this Privacy Policy sets out how we will treat your personal information.
DATA PROTECTION LAW WILL CHANGE ON 25th MAY 2018
This Privacy Notice sets out your rights under the new laws.
HOW THE LAW PROTECTS YOU
Data protection laws state that we are only able to process personal data if we have valid reasons to do so. The reasons we process your personal data include, but not limited to, your consent, performance of a contract, billing and to contact you.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal information:
Information about your computer and about your visits to and use of this website (including your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation);
Information relating to any transactions carried out between you and us on or in relation to this website, including information relating to any purchases you make of our goods or services;
Information that you provide to us for the purpose of registering with us (including your name, postal address, email address and telephone number);
Information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our website services, email notifications and/or newsletters; and
Any other information that you choose to send to us.
COOKIES
Our website uses cookies. By using our website and agreeing to this Privacy Policy, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.
To find out how we use cookies, please visit our Use of Cookies page.
USING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Personal information submitted to us via this website will be used for the purposes specified in this Privacy Policy or in relevant parts of the website.
We may use your personal information to:
Administer the website;
Improve your browsing experience by personalising the website;
Enable your use of the services available on the website;
Send statements and invoices to you;
Send you general (non-marketing) commercial communications;
Send you email notifications which you have specifically requested;
Send to you our newsletter and other marketing communications relating to our business or the businesses of carefully-selected third parties which we think may be of interest to you by post or, where you have specifically agreed to this, by email or similar technology (you can inform us at any time if you no longer require marketing communications);
Provide third parties with statistical information about our users – but this information will not be used to identify any individual user; and
Deal with enquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to the website.
Where you submit personal information for publication on our website, we will publish and otherwise use that information in accordance with the license you grant to us.
We will not without your express consent provide your personal information to any third parties for the purpose of direct marketing.
DISCLOSURES
We may disclose information about you to any of our employees, officers, agents, suppliers or subcontractors insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes as set out in this Privacy Policy.
In addition, we may disclose your personal information:
To the extent that we are required to do so by law;
In connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings;
In order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk);
To the purchaser (or prospective purchaser) of any business or asset that we are (or are contemplating) selling; and
To any person who we reasonably believe may apply to a court or other competent authority for disclosure of that personal information where, in our reasonable opinion, such court or authority would be reasonably likely to order disclosure of that personal information.
Except as provided in this Privacy Policy, we will not provide your information to third parties.
RETENTION PERIODS
We will keep your personal data for the duration of the period you are a customer of Vantage Point Limited. We shall retain your data only for as long as necessary in accordance with applicable laws.
On the closure of your account, we may keep your data for up to 7 years after you have cancelled your services with us. We may not be able to delete your data before this time due to our legal and/or accountancy obligations. We assure you that your personal data shall only be used for these purposes stated herein.
INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
Information that we collect may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which we operate in order to enable us to use the information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Information which you provide may be transferred to countries (including the United States) which do not have data protection laws equivalent to those in force in the European Economic Area.
In addition, personal information that you submit for publication on the website will be published on the internet and may be available, via the internet, around the world. We cannot prevent the use or misuse of such information by others.
You expressly agree to such transfers of personal information.
SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information. We will store all the personal information you provide on our secure servers.  Of course, data transmission over the internet is inherently insecure, and we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the internet. You are responsible for keeping your password and user details confidential. We will not ask you for your password (except when you log in to the website).
PRIVACY POLICY AMENDMENTS
We may update this Privacy Policy from time-to-time by posting a new version on our website. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes. We may also notify you of changes to our Privacy Policy by email.
YOUR RIGHTS
You have the right to object to our use of your personal data, or ask us to delete, remove or stop using it if there is no need for us to keep it. This is known as your right to be forgotten. There are legal and accountancy reasons why we will need to keep your data, but please do inform us if you think we are retaining or using your personal data incorrectly.
You may instruct us not to process your personal information for marketing purposes by sending an email to us. In practice, you will usually either expressly agree in advance to our use of your personal information for marketing purposes, or we will provide you with an opportunity to opt-out of the use of your personal information for marketing purposes.
THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
The website contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of third party websites. For the avoidance of doubt, we do not and never shall sell your personal data to third parties for marketing or advertising purposes.
UPDATING INFORMATION
Please let us know if the personal information which we hold about you needs to be corrected or updated.
DATA BREACHES
In the event of a data breach, we shall ensure that our obligations under applicable data protection laws are complied with where necessary.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our treatment of your personal information, please contact us by email or by post at Vantage Point Limited, Highland House, 165 The Broadway, London, SW19 1NE.
DATA CONTROLLER
The data controller responsible for the information collected on this website is Michael Bell Ltd.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on 09 May 2018.