http://www.blackbelt-academy.com/privacy-policy
Information Collected
Nate Gordon's Black Belt Academy
may collect information, such as your e-mail address, name and phone number.
Information about your computer hardware and software also may be automatically collected. This information can include your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used by Nate Gordon's Black Belt Academy for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of our website.
Use Of Your Information
We collect and use your personal information to operate our website and deliver the services you have requested. We will send one welcome email following registration to all registered patrons. We also send periodical service updates to users.
We do not sell, rent, or lease our customer lists to third parties.
Contact Information
Nate Gordon's Black Belt Academy welcomes your comments. If you would like to stop receiving messages from us, please contact us at blkbeltacademy@yahoo.com.
Request More Information
Fitness Programs
Kids Martial Arts
Adults Martial Arts
Self Defense
Request more information
Facebook
Blog
World Tang Soo Do Association Belt System
WTSDA Belt System
World Tang Soo Do Association Belt System
The dee (belt) is one of three parts of the do bohk (uniform). The belt system consists of seven colors, with each color designating
...
Fantastic school filled with professional and caring staff. A great choice for your family.
My son Antonio is a 1st degree Black Belt and I have just started adult classes.  Awesome instructors and great school! It's never to late to live your dream! Start your journey learning from the best instructors and get fit in body, mind and spirit!
Nate Gordon's Black Belt Academy is simply the best school with awesome instructors. Over the past six years my son has built confidence, learned self-defense, and matured in character. Children and adults can benefit and grow from the instruction and guidance at Nate Gordon's Black Belt Academy. After years of watching my son develop into the young man he is today, I decided to join. I am glad I did. Over the past 10 months I am more confident, approach life from a new and refreshed perspective and know I can accomplish what I set my mind to, regardless of age. I owe this to the instructors at Nate Gordon's Black Belt Academy. #startyourjourneytoday, I did and loving it!
Request Information Now!