https://www.belleayre.com/privacy-policy/
View
Snow
Report
Thursday
Dec 10
2020
Weather
34°F
Cloudy
Lifts
3
of 8
View Report
Search for:
Search
Connect with us on Facebook
Connect with us on Twitter
Connect with us on Instagram
Connect with us on YouTube
Gore |
Whiteface |
Olympic Sites
Privacy Policy Statement:
Welcome to Belleayre Mountain Ski Center (https://www.belleayre.com/)
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for https://www.belleayre.com/. We understand that online privacy is important to users (“Visitors”) and users who register to transact business on the site (“Authorized Customers”) and we have created this privacy policy to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy and the protection of your information.
Security
We audit our security systems and processes regularly. Sensitive information, such as credit card numbers, is protected by encryption protocols, in place to protect information sent over the Internet. While we take commercially reasonable measures to maintain a secure site, electronic communications and databases are subject to errors, tampering, and break-ins, and we cannot guarantee or warrant that such events will not take place and we will not be liable to Visitors or Authorized Customers for any such occurrences.
Data
We may collect basic user profile information or Personally Identifiable Information from all of our Visitors. Personally Identifiable Information refers to any information that identifies or can be used to identify, contact, or locate the person to whom such information pertains, including, but not limited to, name, address, phone number, fax number, or email address. Personally Identifiable Information does not include information that is collected anonymously (that is, without identification of the individual user) or demographic information not connected to an identified individual.
We use Personally Identifiable Information to customize the Site, to make appropriate service offerings, and to fulfill buying and selling requests on the Site. We may email Visitors and Authorized Customers about research or purchase and selling opportunities on the Site or information related to the subject matter of the Site. We may also use Personally Identifiable Information to contact Visitors and Authorized Customers in response to specific inquiries or to provide requested information.
What Personally Identifiable Information is collected?
We may collect basic user profile information from all of our Visitors. We collect the following additional information from our Authorized Customers:
Google Analytics: Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit this site, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other sites they used before coming to this site. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this site is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy.
*Google AdWords: Using cookies to determine past site use, remarketing delivers targeted advertising to users. You can opt-out of receiving these advertisements by using the Consumer Opt-Out process.
*Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting: By serving up the Google Analytics tracking code from the DoubleClick.net advertising network, tracking data on the Site is augmented by key demographic indicators, such as age, gender, and interest, allowing us to further analyze and inform site design, functionality, and configuration.
*Not all advanced features and tracking methods are necessarily enabled or configured for this site.
Other Organizations Collecting Information
In addition to our direct collection of information, our third-party service vendors (such as credit card companies, clearinghouses and banks) that may provide such services as credit, insurance, and escrow services may collect this information from our Visitors and Authorized Customers. We do not control how these third parties use such information, but we do ask them to disclose how they use personal information provided to them from Visitors and Authorized Customers. Some of these third parties may be intermediaries that act solely as links in the distribution chain and do not store, retain, or use the information given to them.
Sharing Personally Identifiable Information
Personally Identifiable Information about Authorized Customers may be shared with other Authorized Customers who wish to evaluate potential transactions with other Authorized Customers. We may share aggregated information about our Visitors, including the demographics of our Visitors and Authorized Customers, with our affiliated agencies and third party vendors. We also offer the opportunity to “opt-out” of receiving information or being contacted by us or by any agency acting on our behalf.
Storing Personally Identifiable Information
Personally Identifiable Information collected by The New York State Olympic Regional Development Authority (ORDA) is securely stored and is not accessible to third parties or employees of The New York State Olympic Regional Development Authority (ORDA) except for use as indicated above. Several tools may be used for data collection, including:
Cookies
Cookies are used for a variety of reasons. We use Cookies to obtain information about the preferences of our Visitors and the services they select. We also use Cookies for security purposes to protect our Authorized Customers. For example, if an Authorized Customer is logged on and the site is unused for more than the established timeout duration, we will automatically log the Authorized Customer off.
Choices in Collection of Personally Identifiable Information
Visitors and Authorized Customers may opt-out of receiving unsolicited information from or being contacted by us and/or our vendors and affiliated agencies. Visitors and Authorized Customers with a mechanism to delete/deactivate Personally Identifiable Information from the Site’s database by responding to emails as instructed, or by contacting us at:
PO Box 313, Highmount, NY 12441
(845) 254-5600
info@orda.org
It is possible to opt-out of data collection by using the following resources:
Network Advertisers Initiative Consumer Opt-Out
Google Analytics opt-out plugin
Policy Modifications & Updates
This Site may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time to meet changes in the regulatory environment, business needs, or to satisfy the needs of our Visitors, strategic marketing partners, and service providers.
Login Information
The New York State Olympic Regional Development Authority (ORDA) uses login information, including, but not limited to, IP addresses, ISPs, and browser types, to analyze trends, administer the Site, track a user’s movement and use, and gather broad demographic information.
Partner access to Personally Identifiable Information
The New York State Olympic Regional Development Authority (ORDA) has entered into and will continue to enter into partnerships and other affiliations with several vendors. Such vendors may have access to certain Personally Identifiable Information on a need to know basis for evaluating Authorized Customers for service eligibility. Our privacy policy does not cover their collection or use of this information.
Disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information to Comply with Law
We will disclose Personally Identifiable Information to comply with a court order or subpoena or a request from a law enforcement agency to release information. We will also disclose Personally Identifiable Information when reasonably necessary to protect the safety of our Visitors and Authorized Customers.
Links
This web site contains links to other web sites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are moving to another website. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of these linked sites as their privacy policies may differ from ours.
Webforms
Webform submissions are protected by CAPTCHA. The usage of this technology falls under the CAPTCHA privacy policy.
Cookies are used for measurement, ads, and optimization. By continuing to use our site you agree to our privacy policy. ACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.