https://www.basp.org.uk/privacy-cookies/
British Association of Ski Patroller | Privacy and Cookies
MENU
Home
First Aid Courses
Keeping our Candidates & Trainers safe as BASP adhere to government guidance re Covid 19
Outdoor Emergency First Aid (2 days)
Outdoor Emergency First Aid (1 day)
Advanced First Aid (2 days)
Emergency First Aid at Work (1 day)
Emergency First Aid at Work +F (Forestry)
First Aid at Work (3 days)
First Aid at Work Revalidation (2 days)
First Aid at Work Refresher (1 day)
Emergency Medical Technician (5 days)
AED Public Access Defibrillator Training (3-4 hours)
Emergency Medical Technician Revalidation (2 days)
Public Course Terms & Conditions
Group Courses
Group Courses Terms & Conditions
Group Prices
Ski Patrol
Ski Patrol Training – An Overview
Information
Patroller Grades
Ski Patrol Training – Terms & Conditions
Slope Patrol Training (3 days) Bespoke Course
About Us
Our Trainers
Recruitment
Blog
Contact
MEMBERS
0
Privacy & Cookies
Privacy Policy
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
After four years of preparation and debate the GDPR was finally approved by the EU Parliament in April 2016 & comes into force on 25 May 2018. It becomes the primary law regulating how companies protect EU citizens’ personal data.
BASP UK Ltd are registered with the Information Commissioner’s Office. Our registration number is Z8720962. We are the data controller for your personal data.
Our Privacy Policy sets out how we will use & protect personal information that you provide to us as we are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected & that we are transparent in what we do with it. Data collected via our website & on our Courses will be treated in accordance with the new GDPR Legislation.
Please note – From time to time our Privacy Policy will change. We will post updates to this page so please review it regularly.
What we collect:
Your name
Your address
Your telephone number/s
Your email
Your company name (if appropriate)
A record of any further communication by phone, email or post
Members only – photograph
What we do with the information:
Enquiries – we will use the minimal information collected to respond to you regarding your enquiry. The information provided will only be used to facilitate & close a potential booking.
Bookings – We will use the information to fulfil our contractual obligations to you i.e. process your booking, raise an invoice, obtain feedback.
When you undertake a BASP First Aid qualification you receive a Certificate which is valid for a set number of years. When this validity period draws to an end we will remind you by email that you need to attend a further course to revalidate; this fulfils our contractual obligation to you.
Members – We will use the information to fulfil our contractual obligations to you e.g. process your membership, raise an invoice, fulfil the benefits outlined on our website.
Having identified a legitimate interest, we will use the information to contact you to provide information regarding our products/services along with details of any changes.
Storage:
BASP retains personal data only for the period necessary for the processing & to fulfil our legal requirements.
Security:
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure.
We use modern encryption methods to both transfer & store your data with TLS (transport layer security) with SagePay.
Procedures put in place by our Webhosts, prevent unauthorised access or disclosure of any personal information given on-line.
As our customer, we will ensure to the best of our ability that any third- party systems that we use to store & process your data are GDPR compliant. This includes Administrate as our CRM, SagePay for card processing & Xero for accounting.
Controlling your Personal Information, please email skipatrol@basp.org.uk
To make a subject access request, you should send your request to BASP UK Ltd. In some cases, we may need to ask for proof of identification before the request can be processed. We will inform you if we need to verify your identity and the documents we require.
We will respond to a request within one month from the date we receive it.
We do not sell/share your personal data with third parties.
You can restrict the collection/use of your personal data at any time.
You may request details of your personal data in accordance with GDPR.
You may request that your personal data is removed or updated.
Security Breach:
You have a right to be informed by us within 72 hours of any suspected breach of your data. We will notify the ICO of any breach.
Complaints can be taken to the Information Commissioner’s Officer
Cookie Policy
Visiting our website with your personal browser settings configured to accept cookies implies to us that you are in consent to our use of cookies as described below.
The Law
On May 25th 2012 a European Union law was implemented by UK legislation, The Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) (Amendment) Regulations 2011, with a requirement that websites that leave non-essential cookies on visitors’ devices have to inform the visitor what these cookies are. This website complies with this law by providing information on the cookies we use so that if you choose you can either modify your browser settings to manage cookies or leave the website.
How we use Cookies
This web site also uses non-essential cookies so that we can serve you better, but all user data collected in this manner is anonymous. This site uses visitor tracking that will use cookies to track information about how visitors come to the website, which pages they visit, and other actions that visitors make whilst on the site. This data is then used in order to improve the user experience of our web site.
Non-essential Cookies also enhance our web site performance in a number of ways, personalising your experience on our site, making it more convenient for you.
Note – Administate (our CRM) uses cookies that collect statistical information only. The information collected does not identify you personally – Click here for more information.
Your Options
Should you wish to do so, you can refuse cookies by disabling them in your web browser’s settings. Most browsers are defaulted to accept and maintain cookies and you can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it or not. Please consult the support documentation for your web browser, which can be found online, for more information.
If you do not wish to disable cookies then you have the option to leave the website.
What is a Cookie?
A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent in a text file to your computer browser from a website’s server and is then stored on your computer, but only IF your browser’s preferences are set by you to allow it. The only personal information a cookie can obtain is information a user supplies. A cookie cannot read data from your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites.
NB: If you are browsing from within a work based network you may not have adequate permissions to allow you to control the cookies that are set.
This site uses the following non-essential cookies:
Cookie name
Cookie purpose
Google Analytics
_utma
_utmb
_utmc
_utmz
Used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.
Learn more about Google Analytics and privacy
Google.com
NID
PREF
HSID
APISID
These are Google preference cookies, a unique identifier used by Google applications to store user preferences. They may not be delivered depending on the browser being used.
Learn more about Google’s Privacy Policy
Contact Us
03302 000443
firstaid@basp.org.uk
Quick Links
Home
First Aid Courses
Group Courses
Ski Patrol
About Us
Blog
Contact
Privacy & Cookies
© 2018 BASP UK Ltd - Registered in Scotland SC274632