http://www.alabamabowling.com/policy.shtml
Visit Our Sponsor
Privacy Policy | Acceptable Use Policy
Privacy Policy
The policies below are applicable to AlabamaBowling.Com and its affiliates.
Affiliates are users who subscribe to AlabamaBowling.Com to publish their files and data on AlabamaBowling.Com resources.
AlabamaBowling.Com is operated by Joseph Pirani.
AlabamaBowling.Com will notify you when we are collecting personally identifiable information about you. For example, we may need to collect such information to fulfill your subscription order or to provide you with information or a product you requested.
We may also collect information about you in connection with contest entry forms or for billing purposes, or in connection with community postings such as chat and bulletin boards.
AlabamaBowling.Com may use such information to fulfill prizes and purchases, track compliance with our Acceptable Use Policy, or for editorial and feedback purposes (to the extent that is explained when guests provide the information). In the event
AlabamaBowling.Com plans to post any such information on a site, guests are provided prior notification of such posting and given the option of preventing such posting. When reporters/columnist/user post their columns or send us their columns via email, no prior notification is given prior to AlabamaBowling.Com posting such content.
Internet Protocol (IP) Addresses
AlabamaBowling.Com collects IP addresses for the purposes of system administration. This information may be used to report aggregate information to our advertisers. An IP address is a number that's automatically assigned to your computer whenever you're conntected to the Internet. Web servers -- the big computers that "serve" up Web pages -- automatically identify your computer by its IP address. When guests request pages from AlabamaBowling.Com sites, the server logs the guests' IP addresses. We do not link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable. This means that a user's session will be logged, but the user remains anonymous to us.
Cookies
What are cookies? Cookies are pieces of information that a Web site transfers to an individual's hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies make Web-surfing easier for you by saving your passwords, purchases, and preferences while you're at a Web site. The use of cookies is an industry standard -- you'll find them at most major Web sites.
AlabamaBowling.Com does use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit
our website. These companies may use information (not including your
name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to
this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods
and services of interest to you. If you would like more information
about this practice and to know your choices about not having this
information used by these companies, click here. AlabamaBowling.Com does not control these cookies, and these cookies are not subject to the AlabamaBowling.Com cookies policy. The use of advertising cookies sent by third-party servers is standard in the Internet industry.
Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If you'd prefer, you can set your browser to refuse cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent.
Links to Other Sites
There are links throughout AlabamaBowling.Com sites that take users to other sites that are beyond our control. These sites may require you to submit information. These sites may or may not publish their own privacy policies, you should be aware of where you end up before submitting information. For example if you click on an ad banner it will take you to the advertiser's site, where we have no control, nor do we make any warranties of anykind regarding your experience there or how they use information.
Please keep in mind that whenever you give out personal information online -- for example, via message boards or chat -- that information can be collected and used by people you don't know. While AlabamaBowling.Com strives to protect its users' personal information and privacy, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose online and you do so at your own risk.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. AlabamaBowling.Com processes orders with a SSL Secure Commerce Server which utilizes military grade encryption to protect your information. All credit card information is encoded with strong encryption before storage. AlabamaBowling.Com does not release your credit card information or mailing address to any outside organizations.
AlabamaBowling.Com also uses PayPal for processing of credit card
transactions.  When you purchase a product or service through PayPal,
AlabamaBowling.Com only receives name and shipping information to fulfil your
order.  We do not receive credit card numbers submitted to PayPal.
Acceptable Use Policy
All services provided may be used for lawful purposes only. Transmission, storage, or presentation of any information, data or material in violation of any United States Federal, State or City law is prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to copyrighted material, material we judge to be threatening or obscene or material protected by trade secret and other statue. The subscriber agrees to indemnify and hold us harmless from any claims resulting from the use of the service that damages the subscriber or any other party.
Note: Pornography, Nudity and sex-related merchandising are prohibited on AlabamaBowling.Com. This includes sites that may infer sexual content, or link to adult content elsewhere. This is also true for sites that promote any illegal activity or content that may be damaging to our servers or any other server on the Internet. Links to such materials are also prohibited.
Examples of unacceptable content or links
Pirated software
Hacker's programs or archives
Warez Sites
MP3 archives
IRC Bots
We will be the sole arbiters as to what constitutes a violation of this provision.
CGI Placement
Clients are allowed to freely install many types of scripts available on the Internet.
We reserve the right, without warning disable any script that may effect normal server operation.
Chat Rooms
We do not allow clients to install their own chat rooms. These tend to be large system hogs and we cannot allow it on AlabamaBowling.Com.
There are also many free chat services (Java) that will allow you to put a chatroom on your site, using their server. As long as it runs on their server, this is also acceptable.
Background Running Programs and Daemons
We do not allow programs to run continually in the background.
These can potentially use a large percentage of system resources and require operational maintenance.
IRC
We currently do not allow IRC or IRC bots to be operated on AlabamaBowling.Com.
Commercial Advertising - Email:
AlabamaBowling.Com may not be the source, intermediary, or destination address involved in the transmission of SPAM, flames or mail bombs. This domain may not be referenced as originator, intermediary, or reply-to address in any of the above. We consider SPAM any mass unsolicited message in the mediums of Newsgroups and Email. If you are found to have spammed, then we reserve the right to immediately, without warning, disable your site. In addition, we will impose a $100 penalty for each SPAM policy violation. We reserve the right to refuse or cancel service to known SPAMMERS. We reserve the right to determine what violates this policy. As such, any violation will result in immediate deactivation of services without refund.
Furthermore, any site selling or promoting bulk email software, service, or addresses is forbidden.
Server abuse:
Any attempt to undermine or cause harm to a server is strictly prohibited.
Indemnification:
Client agrees that it shall defend, indemnify, save and hold AlabamaBowling.Com harmless from any and all demands, liabilities, losses, costs and claims, including reasonable attorney's fees asserted against AlabamaBowling.Com, its agents, its customers, officers and employees, that may arise or result from any service provided or performed or agreed to be performed or any product sold by customer, it's agents, employees or assigns. Client agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmless AlabamaBowling.Com against liabilities arising out of; (1) any injury to person or property caused by any products sold or otherwise distributed in connection with the AlabamaBowling.Com server; (2) any material supplied by customer infringing or allegedly infringing on the proprietary rights of a third party and (3) copyright infringement.
Refusal of service
We reserve the right to refuse or cancel service at our sole discretion.
Disclaimer:
AlabamaBowling.Com will not be responsible for any damages your business may suffer. AlabamaBowling.Com makes no warranties of any kind, expressed or implied for services we provide. AlabamaBowling.Com disclaims any warranty or merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. This includes loss of data resulting from delays, and any and all service interruptions caused by AlabamaBowling.Com and its employees. AlabamaBowling.Com reserves the right to change or update policies without notice.
Failure to follow any term or condition will be grounds for immediate account deactivation.
Home |
Search | Contact Us
| TV | Blog
Pro
Shops | Bowling Centers | Links |
Online Store |
Policies
For more information please contact us at info@alabamabowling.com
© Copyright 1999-2019 AlabamaBowling.Com