http://www.mthotham.com.au/global/privacy
Skip to navigation
Skip to content
Navigation
Navigation
Discover
GET THE NEW APP
RESORT ENTRY
EXPLORE
About Us
Getting Here
Hotham Airport
Ambassadors
First Timers
CONNECT WITH US
Latest News
Snow Alert Sign Up
Hotham App
Get Social
Media Centre
MORE OPTIONS
Employment
Weddings
Groups
Real Estate
Stay Home if Unwell
On Mountain
TRAVERSE HOTHAM
SNOW CAMS
GETTING ABOUT
Mountain Info
Trail Map
Village Map
Village Transport
Dinner Plain
Disabled Access
CONDITIONS
Snow & Weather
Lifts & Terrain
Snow Cams
DURING YOUR STAY
Restaurants & Bars
Retail Shopping
Spa Retreat
Day Care
Amenities & Services
THINGS TO DO
Events
Activities
Terrain Parks
Competitions
Lift Passes
Epic Australia Pass
Epic Australia Pass
LIFT TICKETS
Search and Book
SEASON PASS
Epic Australia Pass 2021
Hire
HOTHAM SPORTS
EXPLORE RENTALS
EQUIPMENT HIRE
Search & Book
Lessons
Epic Australia Pass
LIFT TICKETS
Search and Book
SEASON PASS
Epic Australia Pass 2021
LESSON TYPE
Adult Lessons
Kids Lessons
Private Lessons
Beginner Lessons
SIGNATURE PROGRAMS
Backcountry Tours
Racing Teams & Squads
Instructor Training
Adaptive (DWA)
EQUIPMENT HIRE
Search & Book
BURTON RIGLET
Epic Australia Pass
LESSON TYPE
Adult Lessons
Kids Lessons
Private Lessons
Beginner Lessons
SIGNATURE PROGRAMS
Brand New Day
Backcountry Tours
Women's Programs
Racing Teams & Squads
Instructor Training
Adaptive (DWA)
Freestyle Snowboard Sessions
Accommodation
ALPINE NATURE EXPERIENCE
KALYNA SKI CLUB
PLACES TO STAY
Search & Book
Booking Services
Summer
Privacy Policies
Mount Hotham Resort Management Board and Mount Hotham Skiing Company (Vail Resorts) are committed to the privacy of our customers and guests.
Resort Management BoardVail Resorts
General
The Mount Hotham Alpine Resort Management Board is committed to providing quality service as such our privacy policy outlines our ongoing obligations in respect of how we manage Personal Information and Sensitive Information.
The Board has adopted the Australian Privacy Principles (APPs) contained in the Commonwealth Privacy Act 1988, and Privacy Amendment (Enhancing Privacy Protection) Act 2012, and is subject to the Victorian Privacy and Data Protection Act 2014. The APPs govern the way in which we collect, use, disclose, store, secure and dispose of Personal Information.
A copy of the Australian Privacy Principles may be obtained from the website of The Office of the Australian Information Commissioner at www.oaic.gov.au
Personal Information
Personal Information is information or an opinion about an identified individual or reasonably identifiable individual. Examples of Personal Information we collect include: names, addresses, photos, vehicle details, email addresses, phone and facsimile numbers.
Sensitive Information
Sensitive information is defined in the Privacy and Data Protection Act 2014 to include information or opinion about such things as an individual's racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, membership of a political association, religious beliefs or affiliations, philosophical beliefs, membership of a professional or trade association, membership of a trade union, sexual preference or practices, criminal record or health information.
Any Sensitive Information obtained will be used by us only:
For the primary purpose for which it was obtained for example analysis or statistics
For a secondary purpose that is directly related to the primary purpose
With your consent; or where necessary, required or authorised by law.
Collection
Personal or Sensitive Information is obtained in many ways including verbally, digitally, photographically, cookies and from third parties.
This information will generally be collected directly from you through the use of any of our standard forms, over the internet, via email or through personal or a telephone conversation with you. There may, however, be some instances where personal information about you will be collected indirectly because it is unreasonable or impractical or impossible to collect personal information directly from you.
Generally, we will collect and use your Personal Information for one or more of the following reasons:
providing our services to you or someone else you know;
processing an application you have made;
acting as your agent if you request us to do so;
providing you with news or information about other services that we, our related entities and other organisations that we have affiliations with, offer, that may be of interest to you;
providing you with promotional information about us, our related entities and other organisations that we have affiliations with:
undertaking various activities necessary or required by law;
facilitating our internal business operations, including any legal requirements; and
analysing our services and customer needs with a view to developing new and/or improved services.
We may also use your Personal Information for secondary purposes closely related to the primary purpose, in circumstances where you would reasonably expect such use or disclosure.
When we collect Personal Information we will, if required and where appropriate and possible, explain to you why we are collecting the information and how we plan to use it.
Use and disclosure
Generally, we only use and disclose personal information about you for the purposes for which it was collected (as set out above). Although, we may disclose personal information about you to:
service providers, who assist us in operating our business. These service providers may not be required to comply with our privacy policy;
other service providers, who provide the various services that you have requested and we have arranged. These service providers may not be required to comply with our privacy policy; and
our related entities and other organisations that we have affiliations with for the purposes of providing you with information about services and various promotions that might be of interest to you.
Your Personal Information may be disclosed in a number of circumstances including the following:
Third parties where you consent to the use or disclosure;
You would reasonably expect such disclosure
Where required or authorised by law.
Access to your Personal Information
Any personal information and circumstances surrounding that personal information held by us on an individual is available upon request.
We will take reasonable steps to fulfil a request for information concerning personal information we hold. We may charge a reasonable fee for processing your request.
In order to protect your Personal Information we may require identification from you before releasing the requested information.
You may unsubscribe from our mailing/marketing lists at any time by contacting us.
A copy of this policy is available upon request.
Data Quality and Correction
If, upon receiving access to your personal information or at any other time, you believe the personal information we hold about you is inaccurate, incomplete or out of date, please notify us immediately. We will take reasonable steps to correct the information so that it is accurate, complete and up to date.
Security of Personal Information
Your Personal Information is stored in a manner that reasonably protects it from misuse and loss and from unauthorized access, modification or disclosure.
When your Personal Information is no longer needed for the purpose for which it was obtained, we will take reasonable steps to destroy or permanently de-identify your Personal Information. However, in compliance with archive laws most of the Personal Information is or will be archived/stored in client files which will be kept by us for a minimum of 7 years.
Anonymity
Where it is lawful and practicable individuals have the option of not identifying themselves during transactions with us.
Links to other web sites
Our web site may contain links to other web sites. We are not responsible for the privacy, practices of linked web sites, such linked web sites are not subject to our privacy policies and procedures.
Feedback
If you have any queries or concerns about our privacy policy or the way in which we handle your personal information, please contact the privacy officer.
Mount Hotham Alpine Resort Management Board
P.O. Box 188
Bright VIC 3741
Australia
E-mail address: mhar@mthotham.com.au
Telephone: (03) 5759 3550
Facsimile: (03) 5759 3693
VAIL RESORTS GLOBAL PRIVACY AND COOKIE POLICY