http://www.athletics.org.nz/privacy-policy/
ANZ RANKINGS
LEGENDS
SHOP
Sign In
Membership Portal
Athletes
Coaches
Officials
Privacy Policy
Athletics New Zealand Information Privacy Policy
Your Right to Privacy
We, at Athletics New Zealand understand the importance of protecting your right to privacy and have therefore prepared this statement to help you understand how we aim to protect the privacy of your personal information.
In this document we outline what details we keep about you and why we need these details. The Privacy Amendment (Private Sector) Act 2000 amended the Privacy Act (from 21 December 2001) to include laws that regulate the way private organisations, like Athletics New Zealand, handle personal information, including very sensitive information.
The Act contains 10 National Privacy Principles that regulate, among other things, how organisations collect, store and protect the quality of personal information. Also, how these organisations should use and share personal information with other organisations. The National Privacy Principles form part of all our procedures and policies and the way personal information and details are administered.
What Personal Information Will Athletics New Zealand Keep About Me?
Athletics New Zealand collects personal information from clients and other associates to assist in providing our range of products and services. The type of personal information we collect about you may include your name, address, telephone number, fax number, email address, company and/or business information and details and other details appropriate to the products and services Athletics New Zealand provides.
Athletics New Zealand collects personal information when users use the Athletics New Zealand website to lodge their personal details, resume, company details and information, and when users change or update any of these details, or if users send Athletics New Zealand documents containing personal information.
Risks of Using the Internet
You should note that there are security risks in transmitting information via the internet. You should assess these potential risks when deciding whether to use our on-line services. If you do not wish to transmit information via the Athletics New Zealand website, there are other ways in which you can provide this information, such as by mail, telephone or on-site visit.
Collection of Browser Information
When you browse the Athletics New Zealand website, our service provider logs the following information for statistical purposes:
your server address;
top level domain name (for example .com, .gov, .au, etc.);
the date and time of your web-site visit;
the pages you looked at;
the documents you down-loaded;
the previous site you visited; and
the type of browser you used.
We will not try to identify users or their browsing activities except, in the event of an investigation, where a law enforcement agency may exercise a warrant to inspect the service provider’s logs. The Athletics New Zealand website is ‘cookie’ free, which means we will not send you any unsolicited
information after you have accessed our website. We will only record your e-mail address if you send us a message. It will not be added to a mailing list unless specifically requested by the user.
Why Does Athletics New Zealand Need My Personal Information?
The personal information Athletics New Zealand collects about you is used to correspond with you and to provide you with other products and services from Athletics New Zealand.
If you choose not to provide your personal information, it may mean that we will not be able to provide these services to you.
There are other organisations that are connected to the services we provide to you and which may have access to your personal information. They are:
Member and affiliated organisations of Athletics New Zealand
Web development companies – organisations contracted to develop and maintain the Athletics New Zealand website.
Auditors and Regulators – organisations that ensure Athletics New Zealand are complying with legislation and contractual obligations.
Can I see the Personal Information Athletics New Zealand has about me?
Under the National Privacy Principles, you have a right to know what information Athletics New Zealand holds about you, and you are entitled to see this information to ensure it is correct. To obtain this information, please contact Athletics New Zealand to ask for your personal details. The Privacy Act gives limited circumstances in which some or all access to this information may be denied. If this applies to you, Athletics New Zealand will explain this to you when you ask for your information.
How Can I Contact Athletics New Zealand?
If you want further information on how Athletics New Zealand handles personal information, or if you want to discuss a possible breach of privacy, please contact Athletics New Zealand in one of the following ways:
Phone: 09 477 0210
Write to:
Athletics New Zealand
PO Box 305 50, Triton Plaza Auckland 0757
Email: membership@athletics.org.nz
If you are unsatisfied with the resolution of any questions, you can refer the matter to your Privacy Commissioner.
Summary of the National Privacy Principles
Athletics New Zealand is bound by National Privacy Principles We will abide by the National Privacy Principles at all times.
Collecting Information
We will collect personal information (where reasonable and practicable) directly from you. We may
at times collect your personal information directly from other sources.
Using and Sharing Information
Athletics New Zealand will use your personal information to provide our services relevant to you.
This is known as a ‘primary purpose’. If we need to use your personal information for another reason,
or secondary purpose, like a marketing campaign, we will ask your permission to do so. If we are
unable to get your permission before sending our communication, we will give you the opportunity
to opt out of any future direct marketing campaigns at the time of mailing to you.
Keeping Information Accurate and Up To Date
Athletics New Zealand will ensure that the personal information we collect to provide our products
and services to you is accurate and complete. We will do this by ensuring that you have the
opportunity to advise changes to personal details at all times.
Keeping Information Secure
Athletics New Zealand will never misuse and will not change your information without your knowledge. We will not share your information with anyone who doesn’t have authority to see your information. To make sure of this, we will regularly audit access to the systems that support Athletics New Zealand and make sure that other organisations we deal with have Privacy policies adhering to the National Privacy Principles.
Sensitive Information
Where we collect sensitive information, we will only use it for providing Athletics New Zealand products and services to you. We won’t use it for any other purpose or share it with anyone else without your permission.
Copyright © Athletics New Zealand, 2005 - 2020
| Terms & Conditions
|
Privacy Policy
Website by Cubemedia
Competitions
Upcoming Competitions
Past Competitions / Results
News
Clubs
Find a Club
Club Support
Membership Portal
Club Toolkit
Club Programmes
Starting a new club
FAQ
Club Connect
Club Offers
Get Involved
Athlete
Coach
Coach Membership
Coach Development & Education
Official
Volunteer
Member Offers
About Us
Our Role
Our People
Our Staff
Board Members
Vacancies
Partners
Governance
Regulation Changes
Annual General Meeting
Legends
High Performance
HP Programmes
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
Performance Potential Squad (PPS)
Performance Development Squad (PDS)
HP Programme Support
Para Athletics
HP Resources
HP FAQs
ANZ RANKINGS
Legends
SHOP
Sign In
Membership portal
Athletes
Coaches
Officials
X