http://www.cumbriakrc.co.uk/policies
Arrive & Drive
Events
Membership 2021
Entry List
Live Timing
Results
Contact
Policies
Cumbria Kart ClubRespects your privacy and we will only use your information in the way we describe in this policy. When using your information we aim to be fair and transparent, and to follow our obligations under UK data protection laws. Cumbria Kart Racing Club is the data controller for the purposes of the Data Protection Act 2018. Our address is Lakeland Stadium, Kelton Head Quarry, Rowrah, Nr. Frizington, CA26 3XU, Cumbria and our club contact for privacy and data is MARION FELL and the contact details are 50 Newton Road, Dalton-in-Furness, LA15 8NF, Cumbria.  Your InformationWe collect your information when you fill in membership application or renewal forms and also event entry forms. You can give us your information using paper forms or online forms. The information you give us may include your name, address, telephone number, email address, competition licence number and vehicle details. When you give us information about another person, such as a child, parent, guardian or emergency contact you must let that person know that you have given us the information. If you are under 18 years old, we will also ask for information from your parent or guardian. We may also collect information about you when you visit our website, in particular your IP (internet protocol) address. We use CCTV at Rowrah circuit for safety and security. Any image data that may be collected are held for a maximum of 21 days after which time they overwritten. Photographers may be present at the circuit. Cumbria Kart Racing Club has no control over the images taken by these photographers—should you not wish to be photographed then please inform Race control who will do everything possible to stop this. We use your information when you first apply to become a member of CUMBRIA KART RACING CLUB and then to administer and renew your club membership. We also use your information when you enter club events. This information is used to fulfil our contract with you. We might use your information to send you marketing messages by e-mail but only if you have agreed that we can do this—and you can change your mind at any time by letting us know you would prefer not to receive the marketing information. We will never sell your information.  Our WebsiteWhen you use our club website, we may use cookies to improve your web experience. Cookies help us to recognise you when you return to the website and they may also help you to login securely to our web-based services, including online entry and payment. The Club website might contain links to other websites such as online entry and payment sites, partners and advertisers. If you follow links to other websites please review the privacy policy for each site because we are not responsible for information you share on those sites.  Sharing Your InformationWe may share your information with the Motor Sports Association, other MSA registered clubs or any other person if we have to comply with a legal obligation. Your information is not transferred outside the European Economic Area.  Your RightsYou may ask us not to process your information for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your information) if we intend to use your information for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You are entitled to a copy of the information we hold about you and to correct any inaccuracies. You have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner.  SecurityWe have taken all reasonable steps and have in place appropriate security measures to protect your information.  Links Used By Cumbria Kart Racing ClubAlpha Timing - Alpha Timing Privacy Policy can be viewed at www.alphatiming.co.uk/privacy Squarespace - Squarespace Privacy Policy can be viewed at www.squarespace.com/privacy Stripe - Stripe Privacy Policy can be viewed at www.stripe.com/gb/privacy