http://www.5starequineproducts.com/about-us/privacy
Help
Cart
Search
Customize your Pad
Toggle navigation
Products
All Categories
Western Saddle Pads
Mule Saddle Pads
English Saddle Pads
Pad Liners
Sport Boots
Cinches
Mohair Breast Collars
Mohair Halters
Apparel
Accessories
Gift Certificates
Factory Seconds
Articles
Testimonials
Customer Testimonials
Professional Testimonials
Team Riders
About
About Us
FAQs
Shipping
Photos
5 Star Tips
5 Star Video Tips
5 Star Options
Sponsorship
Dealers
Find a Dealer
Online Dealers
Contact
Returns
Sign up to Receive Special Offers
Select your disciplines:
Barrel Racing
Breakaway
Cutting/Ranch Sorting
Endurance
English
Mounted Shooting
Packing/Hunting
Ranching
Roping
Speed Events/Gymkhana
Trail Riding/Pleasure
Western Pleasure
not now
Privacy
We understand that privacy online is important to users of 5StarEquineProducts.com ('The Site'), especially when conducting business. This statement governs our privacy policies with respect to those users of the Site ("Visitors") who visit without transacting business and Visitors who register to transact business on the Site and make use of the various services offered by 5StarEquineProducts.com") ("Authorized Customers")."Personally Identifiable Information"refers to any information that identifies or can be used to identify, contact, or locate the person to whom such information pertains, including, but not limited to, name, address, phone number, fax number, email address. Personally Identifiable Information does not include information that is collected anonymously (that is, without identification of the individual user) or demographic information not connected to an identified individual.What Personally Identifiable Information is collected?We may collect information submitted by users when enquiring through a form on our website. This may include, and is not limited to name, address, company name, telephone number, email address.Is my personally identifiable information sold to third parties?No, we do not sell your Personally Identifiable Information to third parties.How does the Site use Personally Identifiable Information?We use Personally Identifiable Information to customize the Site, to make appropriate service offerings, and to fulfill buying and selling requests on the Site. We may email Visitors and Authorized Customers about research or purchase and selling opportunities on the Site or information related to the subject matter of the Site. We may also use Personally Identifiable Information to contact Visitors and Authorized Customers in response to specific inquiries, or to provide requested information.How is Personally Identifiable Information stored?Personally Identifiable Information collected by 5StarEquineProducts.com is securely stored and is not accessible to third parties or employees of 5StarEquineProducts.com except for use as indicated above.What choices are available to Visitors regarding collection, use and distribution of the information?Visitors and Authorized Customers may opt out of receiving unsolicited information from or being contacted by us and/or our vendors and affiliated agencies by responding to emails as instructed, or by contacting usAre Cookies Used on the Site?Cookies are used for a variety of reasons. We use Cookies to obtain information about the preferences of our Visitors and the services they select. We also use Cookies for security purposes to protect our Authorized Customers. For example, if an Authorized Customer is logged on and the site is unused for more than 10 minutes, we will automatically log the Authorized Customer off.How does 5StarEquineProducts.com use login / tracking information?5StarEquineProducts.com uses login / tracking information, including, but not limited to, IP addresses, ISPs, and browser types, to analyze trends, administer the Site, track a user's movement and use, and gather broad demographic information.How does the Site keep Personally Identifiable Information secure?All of our employees are familiar with our security policy and practices. The Personally Identifiable Information of our Visitors and Authorized Customers is only accessible to a limited number of qualified employees who are given a password in order to gain access to the information. We audit our security systems and processes on a regular basis. While we take commercially reasonable measures to maintain a secure site, electronic communications and databases are subject to errors, tampering and break-ins, and we cannot guarantee or warrant that such events will not take place and we will not be liable to Visitors or Authorized Customers for any such occurrences.How can Visitors correct any inaccuracies in Personally Identifiable Information?Visitors and Authorized Customers may contact us to update Personally Identifiable Information about them or to correct any inaccuracies by emailing us at info @ 5StarEquineProducts . comCan a Visitor delete or deactivate Personally Identifiable Information collected by the Site?We provide Visitors and Authorized Customers with a mechanism to delete/deactivate Personally Identifiable Information from the Site's database by contacting info @ 5StarEquineProducts . com. However, because of backups and records of deletions, it may be impossible to delete a Visitor's entry without retaining some residual information. An individual who requests to have Personally Identifiable Information deactivated will have this information functionally deleted, and we will not sell, transfer, or use Personally Identifiable Information relating to that individual in any way moving forward.What happens if the Privacy Policy Changes?We will let our Visitors and Authorized Customers know about changes to our privacy policy by posting such changes on the Site. However, if we are changing our privacy policy in a manner that might cause disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information that a Visitor or Authorized Customer has previously requested not be disclosed, we will contact such Visitor or Authorized Customer to allow such Visitor or Authorized Customer to prevent such disclosure.Links:This web site contains links to other web sites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are moving to another web site. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of these linked sites as their privacy policies may differ from ours.
We are here for your horse!
5 Star Experiences
Beth Leabo
I love my 5 star pad! It is so soft and I feel has the best protection for my horse's back. We trail ride and barrel race in ours! My mare's back doesn't seem as hot and sweaty using our 5 star compared to other saddle pad's I have used. Only the best for my girl!
Cathy Coleman
United States
Thanks to your saddle pad, Shoii's back stays cool and protected while we are out on our little "jaunts!" Being able to continue to explore the world means the world to my horse... and being able to provide him the padding he needs with your products, means the world to ME! Thanks so muc
Larry A Garner
Oak Point, TX
I bought my first 5 Star pad over 15 years ago. I have had several over the years. When I started looking to replace it and become a dealer I inquired to everyone I could about what was the finest saddle pad made. I always heard about this little outfit in Arkansas called 5 Star.
Debbie Ackerman Hershey
I chose 5 Star pads for my horses because wool felt is tried and true, the pads fit a variety of body, and i have never seen a dry spot on any of my horses since switching to 5 Star pads years ago. The pads can be cleaned, and they are made to last! Great product that I highly recommend!
Tiffany Cox
When I was able to purchase a new saddle I bought another Five Star pad because I was so impressed with them. They are beautifully made and very durable. I absolutely love these pads!!!
About 5 Star Equine
Welcome to 5 Star Equine Products, Inc.! We're a family-owned and operated manufacturer of the world's finest, all-natural saddle pads and mohair cinches.
Accepted Payment Options
We accept the following payment types:
Visa Card
Master Card
Discover Card
PayPal
Our Products
5 Star Pad LinersWestern 5 Star Saddle PadsCustom Wool 5 Star Saddle PadsStandard 5 Star Wool Saddle PadsLimited Edition Hand Tooled and Hand Painted Wool 5 Star PadsMule 5 Star Wool Saddle Pads5 Star Sport Boots5 Star Mohair Cinches5 Star 100% Mohair Cutter Cinches5 Star 100% Mohair Roper Cinches5 Star 100% Mohair Vaquero Cinches5 Star Mohair Breast CollarsAztec Breast CollarsFun DesignsNavajo Breast CollarsVaquero Breast CollarsTribal Breast CollarsBasic Breast CollarsChoctaw Breast Collars and CinchesSerape5 Star Mohair Halters5 Star English Saddle Pads5 Star Apparel5 Star Accessories5 Star Gift Certificate The 5 Star Difference
Dealer Network
Quick Links
Terms
Privacy
Sitemap
Proud Sponsor of the Old Fort Days Derby in Fort Smith, Arkansas
follow us on
Like Us
watch our videos on
Subscribe
follow us on
Follow Us
© Copyright 2020 5 Star Equine
Powered by Clever Mutt
We're Here to Help