http://www.openadventure.com/privacypolicy.php
Skip Navigation | Using this site
Navigation
Home
Entry
Open5 Series
KMF Trail Run
Other Events
Northern Traverse
Lakes Traverse
Coast to Coast in a Day Sportive
Wales in a Day Sportive
Lakes in a Day
adidas Kendal Mountain Festival 10km
ITERA
Results
About Us
FAQs
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Open Adventure Internet Privacy Statement
Introduction: Protecting your privacy is important to us, the basis to this statement is how we as competitors would appreciate our information being stored on an event website. We hope the following statement will help you understand how Open Adventure collates, uses and safeguards the personal information you provide to us on our website.
What information is being collected online:
When competitors browse our website we record where they have been using “cookies” these help us understand which parts of the site work best and where people arrive and depart from.
This information does not identify who you are.
If you register for the newsletter we collect your name and your email address. To manage our mailing list and to create the newsletters we use a website called Mail Chimp www.mailchimp.com they have a frank and simple policy to managing our information you can find there privacy policy here www.mailchimp.com/privacy.phtml just to reassure you.
To enter a race or to buy anything from us competitors are required to register with us.
We store your address and contact details, also emergency contact details in case something nasty happens during an event.
Your profile will also contain details of which races you have competed in and your results from the events.
Credit Card details for payment are only taken by our internet payment provider Protx – we do not see these details.
You can see a copy of Sagepay’s security policy here www.sagepay.com/security_policy
How we use or share the information we collect:
We NEVER pass any contact details of our competitors to sponsors, third parties or friends.
We do show our website statistics and statistics from our events to sponsors to show what we do.
We also maintain a copy of the database at events for emergencies.
We review statistics on our newsletter so we can make it more useful for readers and sponsors.
We use the contact address to send out a Christmas Card to competitors from the previous year.
Choices available to racers regarding the marketing uses of the collected information:
If you wish to unsubscribe to the newsletter you can do so at anytime on our website here www.openadventure.com this form will send a confirmation to you that you have unsubscribed.
If you wish for us at anytime to delete your contact details from your profile please contact us and we will more than happily oblige within 7 working days.
How do we protect the information online:
All credit card processing is completed by Sagepay on their encrypted webpages.
Competitor details are stored on secure databases.
How you can contact us for inquiries about your information or our privacy policy:
You can contact us using the form on the website here www.openadventure.com
You can write to us here – Open Adventure, Clock Tower Works, Low Wood, Ulverston, Cumbria, LA12 8LY
You can call either James or Lisa Thurlow on 015395 31048
This policy applies to all of the websites which Open Adventure manages including: openadventure.com | opencycling.com | lakesinaday.co.uk | itera.co.uk | northerntraverse.com