http://www.golfingpartner.com/privacy-policy
Return to Content
Home
Online Lessons
Fault Finder
Games
Drills
1-2-1 Lessons
V1 Analysis
Testimonials
GP News
Sign Up
Login
Sign Up
Privacy Policy
WELCOME TO OUR PRIVACY POLICYProtecting any and all personal data provided to us is very important; this privacy policy sets out what information our website collects and how we will treat your personal information. It also explains how we handle any personal data shared with us through this site, with respect to the data protection laws of England and Wales and the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation. Any personal information you choose to share with us on this website will be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this policy, please leave this website and clear your browser of any cookies which may have been placed in your browser by our site in the interim. PERSONAL INFORMATION THIS WEBSITE COLLECTS AND WHY WE COLLECT IT GOOGLE ANALYTICSWe use Google Analytics to help us understand how our website is being used so that we can improve how it functions and our services. Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about how websites are used by using cookies.Google may store this anonymous data in its servers in multiple locations across the world. You can find their privacy policy and more detail about the information they collect on their website here.Although GA records data such as your geographical location, device, internet browser and operating system, none of this information personally identifies you to us. GA also records your computer’s IP address which could be used to personally identify you but Google do not grant us access to this. CONTACT FORMS AND EMAIL LINKSShould you choose to contact us using the contact form on our Contact us page, none of the data will be passed to / be processed by any of the third party data processors. Instead the data will be collated into an email and sent to us over the Simple Mail Transfer Protocol (SMTP). MARKETING PURPOSESOur contact form gives the option for you to specifically opt-in to any marketing emails that will be sent to your email address by Golfing Partner.com. By default this is set to NOT, but by selecting agree, your information will be used solely by Golfing Partner.com to contact you with details of our products and services we provide. You hold the right to remove your content at any time. WHAT INFORMATION IS BEING COLLECTED?The information used in the contact form, is basic information for the sole purposes of contacting you with regards to your query. This includes your name, company name, telephone number and email address, a field is also given to outline the nature of your enquiry to us. This is received for the sole purpose of responding to a potential enquiry. We do not require information such job title, salary and any other non-essential information. You can give consent for us to contact you either by an email address, telephone number or both. WHO IS COLLECTING IT AND WHO WILL THE DATA BE SHARED WITH?Any contact form submitted via the Golfing Partner.com website is collated into an email and sent to one senior member of the team to process your enquiry over the Simple Mail Transfer Protocol (SMTP), this information will be passed on to relevant department heads - dependant on the nature and theme of your enquiry. WHAT WILL BE THE EFFECT OF THIS ON THE INDIVIDUALS CONCERNED?Dependant on the nature of your enquiry, whether this be a hosting query, marketing query, sales query, finance query, website query or a question regarding our company, your information will be shared solely with an individual that may be best suited to deal with your enquiry - giving you the best and most specialist answer to your query. HOW WILL IT BE USED?The information will be used solely for the response to an enquiry, we offer an additional option for opting-in to receive additional email marketing emails from Golfing Partner.com. HOW WE SECURE DATA?The website is encrypted, adding extra security to our website. Additionally the email address that the contact form is sent to is sent to one email address. This is email address is accessed using one password protected desktop computer, accessed by one senior member of staff. With the password changes regularly. HOW LONG WE KEEP YOUR DATA?Your information we use for marketing purposes (if opted in) will be kept with us until you notify us that you no longer wish to receive this information. Our marketing email information will be kept for a maximum of 2 years from the date of your enquiry. With regards to general contact form enquiries, these emails are saved on our system for up to 12 months. With data cleansing happening on December of every year. YOUR RIGHTS (RE THE EU GENERAL DATA PROTECTION REGULATION) If at any point you believe the information we process on you is incorrect you can request to see this information and have it corrected or deleted. If you wish to raise a complaint on how we have handled your personal data, you can contact us to have the matter investigated.If you are not satisfied with our response or believe we are processing your personal data not in accordance with the law you can complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office. GIVING AND WITHDRAWING YOUR CONSENT TO BE CONTACTEDIn certain circumstances, we may need to have your consent to contact you.We may ask for your consent, for example, when you fill in one of our contact forms and you provide your consent by ticking the box on the form.
We also keep a record of your consent until we no longer need to.
You can withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us.
ACCESS TO INFORMATION: PORTING AND PROVIDING YOU WITH CONFIRMATION OF WHAT PERSONAL DATA WE PROCESSYou may instruct us at any time to confirm or port (transfer) any of the personal data we process about you. Please tell us the following:What information you require to be ported or confirmed e.g. all your personal data or a specific detail.
Whether you want to port your personal data or confirm what personal data we process, or both.
What format you would like your personal data to be confirmed in e.g. spreadsheet, PDF, Word doc etc.
Which email address you would like us to send it to, or if not email, an alternate electronic medium or system.
When you would like to receive it i.e. a date and time.
Any urgency associated with the request.
We will endeavour to carry out your instructions within 30 days of receiving your request, but this is subject to your having provided us with all the detail above along with any other relevant information that is necessary to be able to carry out the work.Also, if you would like us to port (transfer) your personal data, please be aware that if we don’t think your chosen medium and format will be secure, or put your personal data at risk, we will tell you and discuss alternatives with you.  PURGING (DELETING) YOUR PERSONAL DATAYou may also instruct us to purge (delete) any and all information we hold about you at any time.We will endeavor to do this with respect to your wishes and compliance with the applicable laws of England and Wales and or EU laws and regulations i.e. GDPR.We will endeavour to delete all the information we hold about you in the time frame you request, but depending on the nature of your request, and any third parties involved, this may not be possible.You can instruct us to do this at any time by contacting us.UPDATING YOUR PERSONAL DATAYou can and should instruct us to correct or update any personal information we hold about you e.g. if you change your name or address for instance.You can instruct us to do this at any time by contacting us.FINDING OUT MORE ABOUT YOUR RIGHTS UNDER GDPRYou can find out more about your rights according to GDPR by visiting the Information Commissioner’s website.ABOUT THIS WEBSITE'S SERVERThis website is hosted by Rackspace within a UK data centre located in London.Some of the data centre’s more notable security features are as follows:Full details of Rackspaces data centre can be found here. Restricted by biometric authentication
24x7x365 surveillance
8 backbone providers
SOX, HITRUST, PCI-DSS, ISO 2700-1 Compliance Certifications
Secure document and media destruction policies
Critical Infrastructure Rating N+2
All traffic (transferral of files) between this website and your browser is encrypted and delivered over HTTPS.
Online Golf Instruction
Within the Online Golf Instruction you will find all aspects of golf are covered in an array of video instruction with many lessons available as FREE as well as Premium Instruction to view. Simply choose a Lesson Heading and work through the instruction in the order shown to maximise a simple shot process that will ultimately improve the chosen area of your Golf Game!
Online Instruction
Fault Finder
The Fault Finder has been specifically designed to help you understand problematical Ball Flights and / or Ball Strikes, by offering PGA Qualified explanations to common swing faults.
The main aim of the Fault Finder is to help you to identify the Fault, discover the cause of the Fault to then be able to cure the Fault.
Iron Out Your Faults
Some of my happy clients
Ian inspired me to play golf when I was 12 years old
and he is still inspiring me now 12 years later and I'm now a 1 handicap golfer.
Thanks Ian
- Jonny Golding, Amateur Golfer
Been working with Ian ever since I started playing 5 years ago. Together we’ve got my handicap down from 36 - 5.
I look forward to working with him for the rest of my golfing journey and definitely recommend to golfers of all abilities.
Thanks for everything so far coach.
- George Halfpenny, Amateur Golfer
I first went to Ian on a recommendation and from the beginning I found him to be articulate and very understanding. He gradually sorted out my swing and I suppose my golfing brain.
Every so often I go and seek advice and that proverbial arm around my shoulder, and within a few shots I am back thinking I can play golf.
I would thoroughly recommend Ian, and suggest you try his new golfing website.
- Steve Garfield, Amateur Golfer
Ian is the reason I won the Club Championship and got down to Scratch. I spent too many years researching and applying Youtube videos which gave no success and made my game stagnate consequently golf become far less enjoyable.
His unique teaching style cleared my mind on the course helping me play the game properly and with freedom. Ian removes the shackles from your game whereas sadly many pros make them tighter. Highly recommended for all golfers and of all abilities. Thanks Ian.
- Tom Sherwin, Amateur Golfer
Ian’s approach is to work on the golf swing from the ground up by applying fundamental positions to create a foundation to swing from.
I was a mid 20s handicapper who might have the odd fluky round but struggled for consistency most of the time. Through following Ian’s coaching philosophy I've now reduced my handicap to 18 and have a good understanding of my golf swing but more importantly what a good golf swing feels like.
I would recommend Ian to anybody, he’s a top coach!
- Martin Cobb, Amateur Golfer
Ian has been coaching our twelve year old son for 18 months. Ian’s methods and principles are simple and easy to understand and practice with very little technical instruction.
Our son has responded to this approach in a hugely positive way and enjoys his sessions with Ian immensely. This has led to a massive improvement in his golf which last season produced a handicap reduction of almost ten shots to 23 and the competition success that goes with it.
- Mark & Leona Harris, Amateur Golfer
Ian has been working with Frazer for the last 3 years since Frazer was 10 years old. Frazer has improved his swing , course management, balance and alignment and golfing brain , with advice and introducing routines and drills that when practiced regularly and properly the results speak for themselves, Frazer’s recent achievements :
Under 14’s & Under 16’s Leicestershire champion
2018 Midlands Golf Union Champion of Champions winner
2018 Under 14’s County captain
Handicap reduced from 22 to 5
Representing U14, U16 & U81’s at County level
England Boys U16's Regional Training Squad
Ian’s approach is to work on golf basics in an easy and straightforward way. Ian has a natural ability and passion for golf coaching which offers support and guidance to help deliver goals and self-belief which is inspiring.
Andy & Nora Jones
- Frazer Jones, Amateur Golfer
Ian, thank you for all your help so far. My golf has vastly improved. The last two round being 71(+1) and 67(-3) today, the putting lesson has made the real difference!
Again thank you and see you soon. Tom
- Tom Flavell, Amateur Golfer
I have known Ian for a number of years now, not only is he a great friend but he is a brilliant instructor and aspires to help you to achieve the best you can possibly be. I love his outlook on golf and how he looks at the technicalities as opposed to digital animated graphics when teaching.
He was extremely patient and understanding with me especially as I am on the Autism spectrum so sometimes misinterpret information.
I have no hesitation in recommending Ian and his services a well deserved 5 star rating!
- Dan Foster, Amateur Golfer
Ian is an end-to-end golf coach. He will teach you all aspects of the game, building consistency and confidence that will positively influence every shot you make!
Waste your time and money on twenty minute short term swing fixes down the local range if you wish. But if you're serious on improving your golf and playing your best possible game, spend some time with Ian.
- Mark Goodge, Amateur Golfer
I've been working with Ian for over 3yrs now and I'd recommend him to all without question!
His explanation is always simple and easily understood that he backs up with some fantastic swing drills designed to create feel in the swing to match up with his explanation. He's also given me some awesome skills testing and fun packed practice games that have helped me to love me practice again resulting in me reducing my h'cap from 23 to 8 so far.
Thanks Ian, you are a credit to your coaching profession :)
- Mitchell Garner, Amateur Golfer
Wow awesome Ian
Just to let you know I took one of your online lessons last week and with the practice drills you've provided I've already seen a big improvement in my ball striking. Thank you Ian I'll definitely be back for more !!
- Benji Rogers, Amateur Golfer
Upload Your Own Video
Too busy to book a Golf Lesson at your local club?Taking a V1 Lesson is a great way of staying on top of your golf game by using the camera on your mobile phone. Simply hit the ‘Buy a V1 Lesson’ button and start your game improvement today by sending me a short video clip of your Golf Swing where I’ll professionally critique your swing, provide qualified feedback on any area of your game that will give you a clear understanding of the ‘Cause of your Swing Fault’ for you to be able to 'FIX the Fault!’My Coaching Mission Statement to you is:
I’ll expertly analyse your Golf Swing to understand the 'Swing Fault.'
Identify and simply explain the ‘Cause of your Swing Fault!’
Provide a cure to the ‘Cause of the Fault’ by using simple effective practice techniques that give lasting improvement in your golf game!
I’ll also offer on-going help and support with regular notifications about newly posted OnLine Lessons & Golf Tips in Golfing Partner.
Buy a V1 Golf Lesson
Included In Premium
One Month
Price In $
£9.99$12.99Per Month
In this 'Sign Up Package' you'll be able to access all of my Online Golf Lessons that are a series of video tutorials that cover all aspects of your Golf Game.
You'll also get access to my unique 'Fault Finder' listing 'Common Swing Faults' that relate to problematic Ball Strikes and Ball Flights. This section will help you to find the 'Cause of the Fault to be able to Fix the Fault.'
Receive a weekly Golf Tip.
You'll get access to all NEWLY POSTED 'Online Lessons' that fall within your 'Sign Up' term.
Got a question about your golf game? Simply use the 'Contact Us' form and receive qualified advice from a member of our PGA Coaching Team.
Quarterly
Price In $
£27.99$36.99Per 3 Months
In this 'Sign Up' you'll receive Premium Member Status for the duration of your 'Sign Up' term, giving access to ALL Areas and Lesson Services!
This gives you access to 3 x V1 Golf Lessons working with an experienced and proven PGA Golf Coach. This enables you to send video of your golf swing and receive Online 1-2-1 Golf Lessons that can be taken any where in the world.
Gain access to my unique 'Fault Finder' listing 'Common Swing Faults' relating to problematic Ball Strikes and Ball Flights.
Receive a weekly Golf Tip.
You'll also be able to view all NEWLY POSTED 'Online Lessons' that fall within your 'Sign Up' term.
Half Yearly
Price In $
£54.99$74.99Per 6 Months
In this 'Sign Up' you'll receive Premium Member Status for the duration of your 'Sign Up' term, giving access to ALL Areas and Lesson Services!
This gives you access to 6 x V1 Golf Lessons working with an experienced and proven PGA Golf Coach. This enables you to send video of your golf swing and receive Online 1-2-1 Golf Lessons that can be taken any where in the world.
Gain access to my unique 'Fault Finder' listing 'Common Swing Faults' relating to problematic Ball Strikes and Ball Flights.
Receive a weekly Golf Tip.
You'll also be able to view all NEWLY POSTED 'Online Lessons' that fall within your 'Sign Up' term.
Yearly
Price In $
£99.99$134.99Per 12 Months
In this 'Sign Up' term you'll receive Premium Member Status for the duration of your 'Sign Up' term, giving access to ALL Areas and Lesson Services!
This gives you access to 13 x V1 Golf Lessons working with an experienced and proven PGA Golf Coach. This enables you to send video of your golf swing and receive Online 1-2-1 Golf Lessons that can be taken any where in the world.
Gain access to my unique 'Fault Finder' listing 'Common Swing Faults' relating to problematic Ball Strikes and Ball Flights.
Receive a weekly Golf Tip.
You'll also be able to view all NEWLY POSTED 'Online Lessons' that fall within your 'Sign Up' term.
Get FREE Weekly Golf Tips!
'Sign Up' today to get my FREE Weekly Golf Tip, receive updates about my OnLine Lessons and receive News Items
START YOUR GAME IMPROVEMENT TODAY!
Marketing Permissions
Please check the box to confirm:
Email
You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the link in the footer of our emails. For information about our privacy practices, please visit our website https://www.golfingpartner.com
We use Mailchimp as our marketing platform. By clicking below to subscribe, you acknowledge that your information will be transferred to Mailchimp for processing. Learn more about Mailchimp's privacy practices here.