https://www.thelodgeontheloch.com/our-policies/
Skip to content
Children
All ages welcome
Pets
Pets welcome, but may incur surcharge
Smoking
Strictly no smoking
Accepted Payment Methods
Cash, Visa, Mastercard, JCB, Electron, Bank Transfer
Check In & Check Out Times
Earliest check in is 3.00pm. Latest check in is 11.00pm. We kindly ask that you check out by 10.00am.
Other Policies
PAYMENT POLICY: We accept payment by cash, and all major credit and debit cards with the exception of American Express and Diners Cards
PRICES: All published rates include VAT where applicable (and local taxes) at the current rate. Rates are per room per night. If You have selected supplements they will be added to the total price of the Booking. Rates do not include other costs you may choose to incur during Your stay (unless otherwise stated).
Rates quoted are correct only for the specific number of guests, nights and dates shown. Should You change the number of guests, dates or room nights, then the rates are subject to change.
CHILD POLICY: We can provide a foldaway bed for an under 12 year old child staying with a guardian/adult in a limited number of rooms on a nightly charge basis of £25.00 pppn. Children under two stay free in their own cot or we can provide a cot with linen for £15.00 pppn.
CANCELLATIONS: It is advisable to have a Travel Insurance Policy in place to cover the costs in case of cancellation.
Should you wish to cancel a refundable booking, it must be cancelled online or by e-mail a minimum of 2 days before the scheduled check-in day, in which case a full-refund will be given unless otherwise stated.
If You cancel a refundable booking less than 2 days before the date of arrival as printed on your booking confirmation, a charge equivalent to the total booking cost of the accommodation and/or services will be levied.
In the case of Advance Purchase Bookings they are NON-REFUNDABLE.
ROOMS: All guests are liable for damages caused in the rooms which have not been reported at the time of check in.
Guests will be charged a fee of up to £50.00 for extra room cleaning required due to actions of personal incapacity or negligence. This includes the soiling of towels and facecloths used for the removal of tanning lotions and makeup.
We reserve the right to terminate Your Booking immediately without being liable for any refund or compensation where you engage in unacceptable behavior that causes a disturbance or nuisance to other guests.
SMOKING POLICY: By UK law all indoor public areas are non smoking. All our bedrooms are also designated as non smoking rooms and the management reserve the right to terminate the reservation of guests who ignore this policy. Guests will be charged £50.00 for extra room cleaning if the rooms are found to be smelling of smoke at any time during their stay.
The outside uncovered deck and balcony are designated smoking areas and some rooms have direct access to these areas.
Our Leisure facilities including the outdoor hot tub are open for resident guests (18 years old and over) from 12:00 to 20:00. Private use is possible with prior arrangement with the reception/management.
Guests are asked not to consume their own food and drinks in the Lodge public areas or Hot Tub area. This is allowed in the guest rooms with the exception of ready made carry out meals.
GENERAL LIABILITY
The Lodge on the Loch will not be liable for any failure to provide the services contracted to in the following circumstances.
Industrial action by employees
Industrial action by major suppliers
Destruction of or damage to the establishment
Civil disturbance or riot
Power or water outages
Bookings which are not confirmed by The Lodge on the Loch.
Any other matter out with our control.
The company undertakes to take all possible actions within its powers to alleviate any such inconvenience. In the event of any doubt or ambiguity arising to these conditions will be governed by the Laws of Scotland.
USING THE WEBSITE
Cookies and Data Management
PRIVACY POLICY: We are committed to protecting your privacy. We will only use the information that we collect about you lawfully (in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998, the EU Privacy and Communications Directive and the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) 2018 ). This includes information submitted voluntarily by you through a form or gathered automatically as you visit this website.
You should not submit any sensitive or private information through this website except through acknowledged secure areas. The owners of this website accept no responsibility for data submitted through insecure areas of this website.
By submitting your contact details to us, we may contact you or send you marketing materials. We will give you the chance to refuse any marketing email from us in the future.
This website uses cookies which are stored on your browser. You can usually modify your browser settings to prevent this happening. However, by disabling cookies, or certain types of cookie, you may hinder your user experience on this and other websites, or prevent them from working entirely.
Some cookies used on this website are essential in order to enable you to move around the website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the website. Without these cookies, services you have asked for, like shopping baskets or e-billing, cannot be provided.
Some cookies used on this website collect information about how visitors use a website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages.
These cookies don't collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. It is only used to improve how a website works.
Some cookies used on this website allow the website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features.
These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages that you can customise. They may also be used to provide services you have asked for such as watching a video or commenting on a blog. The information these cookies collect may be anonymised and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.
Cookies may also be used to improve the user experience and to enable some of the functionality provided by this website.
Please note that some cookies may be placed by third party service providers who perform some of these functions (or other services) for us. Cookies are used on this website for the following third party services: Google Analytics, LinkedIn Follow button, Facebook Like Button, Twitter Follow button, Google +1 button, AddThis social bookmarking tool, YouTube videos. Some of these services may be used to track your behaviour on other websites and we have no control over this.
By continuing to use this website without adjusting your browser's cookie settings, you agree that we can place these cookies on your device.
As is true with most websites, our server will automatically log data regarding each visit such as your IP address, browser type, referring/exit pages, and operating system. We may use this information to monitor server errors, server administration or to monitor visitor behaviour. It is not possible for this to be disabled on a per-user basis so you must leave this website (and the internet entirely) if you do not agree to this happening.
This privacy policy applies to this website only and does not apply to any websites that this website may link to.
If you have any questions/comments about privacy, you should contact us.
This privacy policy is copyrighted under a GNU/GPL V3 licence which means that you may copy it to your site and modify it to your needs, in return for a link back to this website.
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
The data collected via the newsletter subscription form (name and email address) is kept secure on this system and is only used to for the purpose of automated emails related to the activities of The Lodge on the Loch. Every email has an unsubscribe link which automatically removes your name and email from the system. If you have any questions concerning how we use or store your data, please contact us for more information.
Images and image use
All photographs are Copyright their respective owners. Where Creative Commons licence have been used, and the terms of the licence have changed, please contact us and we will endeavour to amend or remove the image immediately.
Many thanks to Martin Slowey and Mike Stephen for the use of their photographs.
See MENU & Order Table Reservation