https://www.gbrowchallenge.com/privacy-and-cookie-policy
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebar Skip to footerHome
The Teams
The Old Guards
A Shore Thing
Crew Finder
Tracker
World Records
Gallery
Sign up
About us
Sponsorship
News
Contact
Data Protection Information
This website is operated by GB Row Challenge Limited. We process your personal data in order to provide you with information about events in which you have expressed an interest,  and to fulfil our contractual relationship with you if you decide to take part in our races. Your personal data is collected via forms on this website or any paper forms you may download and return to us. Your personal information will be stored and processed solely for the purpose of promoting and running GB Row events. We take the security of your data seriously and never release personal information for third party marketing use.
The data which we hold on you normally comprises your contact details and any other information which you have voluntarily provided through forms on this website or on printed forms.
Your data will be kept on a secure server accessible only to GB Row Challenge. If you submit additional information via our Crew Finder facility it is understood that in doing so you consent for this information to be shared with other people who wish to make use of the Crew Finder.
If you decide to request to unsubscribe from receiving our marketing information, we will remove you from our mailing list within 28 days.
The Data Protection Officer for GB Row is the website administrator web@gbrowchallenge.com to whom any enquiries or data related requests should be addressed. If you wish to contact us by post you can do so at the postal address shown in the footer of this page. You have the right to request to view the data which we hold about you, and you have the right to request that we no longer contact you and that your data be deleted. In some cases e.g. taxation law, we may have a legal obligation to retain basic contact and transactional information about you which would override a request for deletion.
If having contacted us you are not satisfied with the response received after a reasonable period of time, you have the right to appeal to the Information Commissioner’s Office https://ico.org.uk/
Cookies
This site uses cookies, which are small text files that are automatically downloaded to your device to help us run the website and provide a better user experience. In general, cookies are used to retain user preferences, store information for forms and shopping carts, and provide anonymised tracking data to third party applications such as Google Analytics. Our cookie data is treated as anonymous and is not used to identify any individual user by name.
As a rule, cookies will make your browsing experience better. However, you may prefer to disable cookies on this site and on others. The most effective way to do this is to disable cookies in your browser. We suggest consulting the Help section of your browser or taking a look at the About Cookies website which offers guidance for all modern browsers.
Primary SidebarFollow Us on Twitter
Tweets by GBRow2020
FacebookInstagramTwitterYouTube
FooterHome
Row Around Great Britain
London 2 Lands End
Previous Events
About the Boats
About us
Crew Finder
The Teams
Race With Purpose
Sponsorship
Contact
Privacy and Cookie Policy
GB Row Challenge Ltd
5 Albany Courtyard
Piccadilly
London
W1J 0HF