http://www.badmintonengland.co.uk/about-us/privacy-policy/
Skip to Content
National Badminton Awards
Contact Us
Governance
Rules and Regulations
We are Badminton England
Equality & Diversity
The Book
English Badminton Award
National Badminton Museum
Media Centre
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Copyright & Disclaimer
Duty of Care
GDPR
Honours in Badminton
Privacy Policy
BADMINTON ENGLAND PRIVACY NOTICE
Introduction
This Privacy Notice explains in detail the types of personal data we may collect about you when you interact with us. It also explains how we will store and handle that data, and keep it safe.
There is a lot of information here but we want you to be fully informed about your rights, and how Badminton England uses your data. For example, we will explain how we combine data across Badminton England to build a single view of you.
We hope the following sections will answer any questions you have but if not, please do get in touch with us.
It is likely that we will need to update this Privacy Notice from time to time. You are welcome to check our website whenever you wish.
For ease throughout this Notice, ‘we’ and ‘us means Badminton England.
What is Badminton England?
We are the National Governing Body for the sport of badminton in England.
We are for everyone who wants to get involved in badminton whatever age, ability or gender. We love playing, watching and supporting badminton. We want everyone in England to do the same and become part of the badminton community, whether as a player, coach, volunteer or fan.
The unique qualities of badminton make it accessible and enjoyable for anyone and everyone. We work collaboratively with our partners and stakeholders to provide traditional and innovative opportunities for all to be involved; from primary school programmes to adult social badminton, from clubs to counties, and from our world class coaching development to our major events delivery.
We value and represent every single one of our members and fans as one collective voice for badminton in England. As our membership grows, so will our influence as badminton’s National Governing Body, allowing us to invest more back into the core of the sport.
Explaining the legal bases we rely on
The law on data protection sets out a number of different reasons for which a company may collect and process your personal data, including:
Performance of a contract
If you are a member with us, have joined our fan club, entered into one of our competitions, made an online purchase or have purchased a ticket to one of our events, we have to collect and process your data in order to perform our contract with you.
Consent
In specific situations, we can collect and process your data with your consent.
For example, when you tick a box to receive email newsletters.
Legal compliance
If the law requires us to, we may need to collect and process your data.
For example, we can pass on details of people involved in fraud or other criminal activity affecting Badminton England to law enforcement.
Legitimate interest
In specific situations, we require your data to pursue our legitimate interests in running and promoting badminton in England and which does not materially impact your rights, freedom or interests.
For example, we will use your data to send you information relating to your membership of Badminton England or to make available personalised offers based on previous ticket buying preferences.
We also combine the history of many members our ticket purchasers to identify trends and ensure we can keep up with demand, or develop new benefits/products/services.
We will also use your details to send you direct marketing information, telling you about benefits, products and services that we think might interest you.
When do we collect your personal data?
When you become one of our members
When you join our fan club
When you enter a tournament
When you are selected for our Performance Pathway
When you purchase a ticket for the YONEX All England Championships, English National Championships or any other major event that we host
When you visit any of our websites, and use your account to buy products and services, or redeem vouchers from the Partnership on the phone, in a shop or online.
When you make an online purchase
When you create an account with us
When you visit our offices to meet one of the team
When you contact us by any means with queries, complaints etc.
When you ask one of our Partners to email you information about a product or service.
When you enter prize draws or competitions
When you choose to complete any surveys we send you
When you’ve given a third party permission to share with us the information they hold about you
When using stripe payment at the checkout through booking a session on our Discover Badminton activity finder, two cookies will be collected for the prevention of fraud and detection of suspicious activity.
What sort of personal data do we collect?
Your name, gender, date of birth, address, orders and receipts, email and telephone number, ethnicity information (if supplied). For your security, we will also keep an encrypted record of your login password
Details of your interactions with us through contact centres, either at Badminton England or through one of our PartnersFor example, we collect notes from our conversations with you, details of any complaints or comments you make, details of purchases you made, items viewed or added to your basket, gift list and wish list choices, voucher redemptions, brands you show interest in, web pages you visit and how and when you contact us.
Information gathered by the use of cookies in your web browser
Personal details which help us to recommend topics of interest.For example, tournaments, major events, elite programme players, grass roots, clubs. We’ll only ask for and use your personal data collected for the purposes of managing your membership or transaction activity and for recommending items of interest and to tailor your badminton experience with us. Of course, it’s always your choice whether you share such details with us.
Payment card information
To deliver the best possible web experience, we collect technical information about your internet connection and browser as well as the country and telephone code where your computer is located, the web pages viewed during your visit, the advertisements you clicked on, and any search terms you entered.
Your social media username, if you interact with us through those channels, to help us respond to your comments, questions or feedback.
How and why do we use your personal data?
We need to use your personal data if you are one of our members / fans / customers, in order to fulfil our obligations to you and provide you with our services and/or products.
We want to give you the best possible customer experience. One way to achieve that is to get the richest picture we can of who you are by combining the data we have about you into one single view.
We then use this to present news, benefits, offers, products and services that are most likely to interest you.
The data privacy law allows this as part of our legitimate interest in understanding our customers and providing the highest levels of service.
Of course, if you wish to change how we use your data, you will find details in the ‘What are my rights?’ section below.
Remember, if you choose not to share your personal data with us, or refuse certain contact permissions, we might not be able to provide some services you’ve asked for.
For example, if you have asked us to let you know when YONEX All England Championships tickets go on sale, we cannot do that if you’ve withdrawn your general consent to hear from us. Or we are unable to advise you when a new benefit to the membership programme is launched.
Combining your data for personalised direct communication
We want to communicate offers, benefits, services and promotions that are most relevant to your interests at particular times. To help us form a better, overall understanding of you as a customer, we combine your personal data gathered across the various websites and databases that we operate.
For example, you may be member of a club, hold a coaching qualification and also have purchased a ticket for the English National Championships.
For this purpose we also combine the data that we collect directly from you with data that we obtain from other sources and hold a single view of your badminton interests.
How we protect your personal data
We know how much data security matters to all our members and customers. With this in mind we will treat your data with the utmost care and take all appropriate steps to protect it.
We secure access to all transactional areas of our websites and apps using ‘https’ technology.
We regularly monitor our system for possible vulnerabilities and attacks, and we carry out penetration testing to identify ways to further strengthen security.
How long will we keep your personal data?
Whenever we collect or process your personal data, we will only keep it for as long as is necessary for the purpose for which it was collected.
At the end of this period, your data will either be deleted completely or anonymised, for example by aggregation with other data so that it can be used in a non-identifiable way for statistical analysis and business planning.
Our Personal Data Retention Policy can be found on our website.
Who do we share your personal data with?
We sometimes share your personal data with trusted third parties.
Here is the policy we apply to those organisations to keep your data safe and protect your privacy:
We provide only the information they need to perform their specific services.
They may only use your data for the exact purposes we specify with them.
We work closely with them to ensure that your privacy is respected and protected at all times.
If we stop using their services, any of your data held by them will either be deleted or rendered anonymous.
Examples of the kind of third parties we work with are:
County Badminton Associations
IT companies who support our website and other business systems
Contact centres
Insurance companies
Ticket agencies
Direct marketing companies who help us manage our electronic communications with you
Data insight companies to ensure your details are up to date and accurate.
We will only share your data with third parties for their own purposes in very specific circumstances, for example:
With your consent, given at the time you supply your personal data, we may pass that data to a third party for their direct marketing purposes.
For example, if you purchase a new racket from an online retailer and tick a box agreeing that the company can send you promotional information directly.
What are your rights over your personal data?
You have the right to request:
Access to the personal data we hold about you, free of charge (unless charges apply to us in fulfilling your request)
The correction of your personal data when incorrect, out of date or incomplete.
That we stop using your personal data for direct marketing (either through specific channels, or all channels).
That we stop any consent-based processing of your personal data after you withdraw that consent.
That you be "forgotten" or have your data erased, in certain situations.
To have your data ported (that is, transmitted) directly to another organisaiton
You can contact us to request to exercise these rights at any time as follows:
To ask for your information please contact The Data Protection Officer, Badminton England, National Badminton Centre, Bradwell Road, Milton Keynes MK8 9LA or email DPO@badmintonengland.co.uk.
To ask for your information to be amended please update your online profile. If we choose not to action your request we will explain to you the reasons for our refusal.
Your right to withdraw consent
Whenever you have given us your consent to use your personal data, you have the right to change your mind at any time and withdraw that consent.
Where we rely on our legitimate interest
In cases where we are processing your personal data on the basis of our legitimate interest, you can ask us to stop for reasons connected to your individual situation.
We must then do so unless we believe we have a legitimate overriding reason to continue processing your personal data.
Direct marketing
You have the right to stop the use of your personal data for direct marketing activity through all channels, or selected channels. We must always comply with your request.
How can you stop the use of your personal data for direct marketing?
There are several ways you can stop direct marketing communications from us:
Click the ‘unsubscribe’ link in any email communication that we send you. We will then stop any further emails from you other to remind you of your membership renewal at the appropriate time of the year
If you have a member/customer profile account, log in to it and change your preferences
Contact The Data Protection Officer, Badminton England, National Badminton Centre, Bradwell Road, Milton Keynes MK8 9LA or email DPO@badmintonengland.co.uk
Please note that you may continue to receive communications for a short period after changing your preferences while our systems are fully updated.
Contacting the Regulator
If you feel that your data has not been handled correctly, or you are unhappy with our response to any requests you have made to us regarding the use of your personal data, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office.
You can contact them by calling 0303 123 1113.
Or go online to www.ico.org.uk/concerns (opens in a new window; please note we can't be responsible for the content of external websites)
If you are based outside the UK, you have the right to lodge your complaint with the relevant data protection regulator in your country of residence.
Any Questions?
We hope this Privacy Notice has been helpful in setting out the way we handle your personal data and your rights to control it.
If you have any questions that haven’t been covered, please contact our Data Protection Officer who will be pleased to help you:
Email us on DPO@badmintonengland.co.uk
Or write to us at:
Data Protection Officer, Badminton England, National Badminton Centre, Bradwell Road, Milton Keynes MK8 9LA
Every facility offered on this website will be subject to the specific leisure provider’s terms and conditions – you should read these to ensure suitability of facility, venue, any specific dress codes or other important terms prior to making a booking. Please note that all payments made when booking a facility on this website are made through a third party provider, IMIN LTD, a company registered in England and Wales with Company Number 07716450, whose trading address is 14-22, Elder Street, London, E1 6BT. By proceeding with a booking, you hereby agree to comply with IMIN LTD’s terms and conditions, a copy of which can be found here (hyperlink to http://www.imin.co/terms/consumer). At no time will a contract come into existence between you and IMIN LTD as it is only acting as a booking payment portal as between you and the leisure facility provider.
Have you logged in?
Log In or Register
Preview Content
Do you want to login?
Log In or Register