http://www.maconskarate.com/privacy-policy
Fitness Programs
Kids Karate
Adult Kenpo Karate
Kickboxing Fitness
After School Program
Summer Camp
Hyper Martial Arts
Home School Martial Arts
Birthday Parties
Schedule
Virtual Training
Contact Us
Reserve Your First Class
Members Only
About Us
Reviews
Blog
Herman Macon's Story
Gift Card
Xtreme Mpact Martial Arts
1701 Midway Rd Suite C, Odenton, Maryland 21113
4432742588
xtremempactmartialarts@gmail.com
Privacy Policy | Xtreme Mpact Martial Arts
Information Collected
Xtreme Mpact Martial Arts
may collect information, such as your e-mail address, name and phone number.
Information about your computer hardware and software also may be automatically collected. This information can include your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used by Xtreme Mpact Martial Arts for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of our website.
Use Of Your Information
We collect and use your personal information to operate our website and deliver the services you have requested. We will send one welcome email following registration to all registered patrons. We also send periodical service updates to users.
We do not sell, rent, or lease our customer lists to third parties.
Contact Information
Xtreme Mpact Martial Arts welcomes your comments. If you would like to stop receiving messages from us, please contact us at xtremempactmartialarts@gmail.com.
Request information now!
Our Fitness Programs
Request information
My son has attended here for 4 years and has learned more than martial arts here. This dojo is like family. The reason we chose this dojo is because the belts are not just handed out, they are earned. When my son earns a new level he has the confidence to know he really earned it. We love Sensae Macon and everyone who works there!
Have had two generations of my kids train with Sensei Macon. My oldest trained under Sensei Macon for seven years. She loved mastering the art of Kenpo self defense and competing in tournaments. I watched her confidence, focus, respect for herself and others grow with each belt she earned! My youngest well ... she cant wait for Xtreme Mpact summer camp.
That school will always be my second home . There's no other sensei in the world that gives his soul like Herman Macon . Because he loves each in every one of those kids like if we were his own . Love you sensei you will always be my other father from the heart . Much love always will be proud off you sensei
Request Information Now!