http://www.flexiski.com/privacy-policy-quick-guide/
Destinations
your ski break
Destinations
Austria
Resorts
Bad Hofgastein
Kaprun
Kitzbuhel
Mayrhofen
Obergurgl
St Anton
Zell am See
See all Resorts
Canada
Resorts
Banff
Whistler
See all Resorts
France
Resorts
Avoriaz
Chamonix
Courchevel
La Clusaz
Les Arcs
Les Deux Alpes
Meribel
Tignes
Val d'Isere
Val Thorens
See all Resorts
Italy
Resorts
Courmayeur
Sauze d'Oulx
See all Resorts
Norway
Resorts
Geilo
Myrkdalen
Norefjell
Trysil
See all Resorts
Switzerland
Resorts
Andermatt
Champéry
Engelberg
Grindelwald
Wengen
See all Resorts
See all Destinations
Tailor-made Itineraries
Fancy skiing multiple resorts in one trip or adding a city stop off onto your ski break? Look no further.
Tailor-made Ski Itineraries
Inspiration
and advice
Blog
Advice
Bucket list
FAQs
Ski weekends
Multi-stop ski breaks
Ski chalets
Ski apartments
Group ski holidays
Corporate ski breaks
Luxury ski breaks
Affordable ski breaks
Ski Weekends
Limited by the time you can get away for? Don't want to travel on a Saturday? No problem. We're experts at planning short breaks & ski weekends.
Find out more
Offers
and guide pricing
Winter 2021/22
Groups
Canada
Japan
About
flexiski
In safe hands
The chalet experience
How to book with flexiski
Meet the team
Work for flexiski
Our partners
Press
Contact us
In safe hands
This winter, to give you extra peace of mind, we've put extra measures in place to help keep you and your money safe.
Find out more
WishlistYour favourite places
Search
Manage My Booking
Enquire
Menu
Wishlist
My booking
01483 791130
01483 791130
Open at 9:00am today
Wishlist
Enquire
Search
Search
My booking
We're now closed but you can still enquire online
Call us on 0330 332 2252
from 9:00am today
Contact us online
I want to discover somewhere new
1. Traveller type
Flying solo or bringing along the grand kids? Let us know so we can find the best options for you.
Couple
Family
Group
2. Ski ability
This isn't your opportunity to boast, we don't want to send you to an adrenalin junkies playground when you're still finding your ski legs.
Mixed ability
3. Holiday type
No need to select every option just a couple of the most desired to help us in our search for your perfect place.
Short breaks
Short transfer
Groups
Après
Ski in, ski out
Relaxing
Foodies
Families
Short breaks
Short transfer
Groups
Après
Ski in, ski out
Relaxing
Foodies
Families
Amaze me
Home
Privacy Policy Quick Guide
Privacy Policy Quick Guide
A QUICK GUIDE TO HOW WE PROCESS YOUR DATA
Our commitment to you
Flexiski is part of the Hotelplan group of companies (https://www.hotelplan.co.uk). Here at Flexiski we understand the concerns about how data may be stored, sent and used by companies. We are committed to complying with all data protection laws and want you to feel confident in the measures we are taking to uphold your data privacy rights.
This quick guide provides a brief summary of our data practices but you can always find out more detailed information in our full privacy policy.
What information might we collect from you?
The information we collect depends upon how you are interacting with us. For example, if you’re making a booking with us, we are likely to ask for more information than if you’re only requesting a brochure. Depending upon the circumstances, we might need to collect the following information from you: personal details such as name, address, e-mail address, date of birth, telephone number, payment details, details of identification documents, health details and travel preferences. For more details, please see our full privacy policy.
Where we need to collect personal data by law or under the terms of a contract we have with you and you fail to provide that data when requested, we might not be able to provide you with your booking.
When do we share your personal data?
In order to provide you with your booking you have requested (such as holidays, flights or tickets to a sports event) we may need to share your personal information with third parties such as airlines, tour operators, transport companies, excursion providers, airport authorities, insurance companies, car hire companies, ground handling agencies, cruise companies, airlines, hotels, airports and other suppliers we work with in connection with your business. We do not pass your information to other parties for marketing purposes unless you agree to us doing so.
What are our marketing practices?
We would like to keep you up to date with latest offers, partnerships, sales, promotions, competitions from Flexiski or those of other Hotelplan companies providing similar products.
However, we will only do so if you have signed up to receive these marketing communications from us or made a booking and you have not told us that you do not want to hear from us. You can opt-out of marketing at any time by clicking on the ‘unsubscribe’ link included in all of our e-mails or by contacting us.
What personal data rights do you have?
You have a range of legal rights over your data. You can find out more in our full privacy policy.
How can you contact us about your data privacy?
We have appointed a data protection officer (DPO) who can assist with queries you have in relation to our data practices. If you have questions, please contact the DPO using the details set out below.
The Data Protection Officer
Mountain HouseStation RoadGodalmingSurreyGU7 1EX
This privacy notice version was last updated on 3rd June 2019
Newsletter signup
Keep up to date with all the latest flexiski news
Subscribe to newsletter