http://www.britisheventing.com/marketplace/horses-for-sale/terms-and-conditions
Skip to main content
Terms and conditions
Horses For Sale
Please understand that if you refuse to accept these terms and conditions, you will not be able to place an advert on our site.
Information about us
www.britisheventing.com is a site operated by British Eventing (we). We are registered in England and Wales under company number 03218925 and with our registered office at Abbey Park, Stareton, Warwickshire CV8 2RN. Our VAT number is 670 9718 05.
Service availability
Our site is only intended for use by people resident in the UK. We do not accept Advert orders from individuals outside the UK.
Your status
By placing an order through our site, you warrant that:
You are legally capable of entering into binding contracts;
You are at least 18 years old;
You are resident in the UK; and
You are accessing our site from that country.
You need to register on our site before being able to order an Advert.
How the contract is formed between you and us
After placing an order, you will receive an e-mail from us acknowledging that we have received your order. Please note that this does not mean that your order has been accepted. Your order constitutes an offer to us to place an Advert. All orders are subject to acceptance by us, and we will confirm such acceptance to you by sending you an e-mail that confirms that the Advert has been accepted (the Advert Confirmation). The contract between us (Contract) will only be formed when we send you the Advert Confirmation.
Where you are an advertising agent, you warrant that you are authorised by the advertiser to place the Advert with us, that you are contracting with us as a principal and that you will indemnify us against any claim made by the advertiser against us arising from the publication thereof.
Price and payment
The price for placing the Advert will be as quoted on our site from time to time, except in cases of obvious error.
Prices are liable to change at any time, but changes will not affect orders in respect of which we have already sent you an Advert Confirmation.
Payment for all Adverts must be by credit or debit card. We accept payment via most major credit and debit cards, however do not accept American Express. We will not charge your credit or debit card until we send the Advert Confirmation. Payments are non refundable.
Advert
It is your responsibility to check the correctness of the Advert before placing your order.
We can only publish one Advert for any one horse at any one time and only one horse may be advertised in each Advert
We aim to place your Advert on our site within 24 hours of sending you the Advert Confirmation and will place it using the materials, copy, text, artwork and photographs supplied by you.
We may refuse or require to be amended any materials, copy, text, artwork and photographs for or relating to you Advert so as:
to comply with the legal or moral obligations placed on us, you or the advertiser; or
to avoid infringing a third party's rights, the British Code of Advertising, Sales Promotion and Direct Marketing and all other codes under the general supervision of the Advertising Standards Authority.
We reserve the right at our discretion to decline to publish, remove or suspend any Advert.
In the event that we require your Advert to be amended or decline to publish your Advert we will contact you to explain our reasons and to try and resolve the problem with you.
In ordering the Advert you agree that your personal details supplied such as you name and telephone number will be placed on the Advert and will be viewable on our site. We will use your personal information in accordance with our privacy policy.
Any photographs provided by you for use in the Advert must not contain any nudity, profanity, pornography, drug use, violence, attacks on individuals (including sexist, racist, defamatory or homophobic material) or animals, obscene material or copyright material.
Each photograph provided by you for use in the Advert should only advertise and include photography of one horse.
We will endeavour to reproduce any artwork and photography to a good standard but cannot guarantee that reproduction will meet normal standards.
You may amend your Advert online once you have logged in with your username and password.
Intellectual property
You grant us a non exclusive, irrevocable, perpetual, royalty free licence to use reproduce, modify, edit, adapt, publish and display such of the materials, copy, text, artwork and photographs supplied by you to us (including all intellectual property rights therein) so as to enable us to place your Advert on the site.
Cancellation
If you are contracting as a consumer, you may cancel the Contract at any time within seven working days, beginning on the day after you place your order, however you acknowledge that if we commence providing the services by publishing your Advert on our site with your consent prior to the expiry of the seven day period that you will lose your right to cancel the Contract.
Once the Advert has been published you will not have any right to cancel the Contract, but we will remove the Advert at your request, you will not be entitled to any refund upon such removal of the Advert at your request.
Warranty
You warrant to us that:
the reproduction and/or publication of the Advert by us will not breach any contract or infringe or violate any third party intellectual property rights including copyright and trademark rights and will not render us liable to any proceedings whatsoever and will not damage our reputation;
any information supplied by you to us in connection with the Advert is accurate, complete and true;
in respect of any Advert submitted for publication which contains the name or pictorial representation (photographic or otherwise) of any living person and/or any copy by which any living person is or can be identified you have obtained the authority of such living person to make use of such name, representation and/or copy and complied with the Data Protection Act 1998;
in relation to any financial promotion (as defined under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000), you have had the contents approved by an authorised person within the meaning of that Act or the Advert is otherwise permitted under the Act, or under the Financial Promotions Order 2001, or under any other legislation subordinate to the Act.;
all materials, copy, text, artwork and photographs submitted to us is complete, accurate, legal, non-defamatory, decent, honest and truthful and complies with the British Code of Advertising, Sales Promotion and Direct Marketing and all other relevant codes under the general supervision of the Advertising Standards Authority and all current relevant legislation.
We may suspend or remove the Advert where you fail to comply with the warranties contained in condition 9.1 or we suspect that are failing to comply with those provisions or if any competent law enforcement or compliance authority instructs, advises or recommends that we remove or suspend your Advert.
Our liability
We will not be liable for any loss of materials, copy, text, artwork and photographs supplied to us by you.
We will not be liable to you for any loss or damage suffered by you (whether direct or indirect) arising out of this Contract and or our failure under this Contract including but not limited to loss of income or revenue, loss of business or opportunity and loss of profits or contracts.
In the event that there is an error in the Advert caused by an act or omission by us then at our sole discretion we may either re-insert the Advert or make a reasonable refund or adjust the cost. No re-insertion, refund or adjustment will be made where the error does not materially distract from the Advert or where such an error is due to an act or omission on your behalf.
We reserve the right to withdraw or amend the advertising service we provide on our site without notice. We will not be liable if for any reason access to our site is unavailable at any time.
We may from time to time without liability to you restrict access to some parts of our site, or our entire site, to users who have registered with us.
Our total liability to you shall not exceed the total amount paid by you for the Advert placed at the time that the event complained of occurred.
Indemnity
You will indemnify us and agree to keep us indemnified against all claims, costs, proceedings, demands, losses, damages, expenses or liability whatsoever arising directly or reasonably foreseeably as a result of the placing of the Advert on our site in accordance with your instruction including any claim for defamation of infringement of any third party intellectual property rights and arising out of your breach or non-performance of any of the representations, warranties or other terms contained in these conditions or implied by law.
Written communications
Applicable laws require that some of the information or communications we send to you should be in writing. When using our site, you accept that communication with us will be mainly electronic. We will contact you by e-mail or provide you with information by posting notices on our website. For contractual purposes, you agree to this electronic means of communication and you acknowledge that all contracts, notices, information and other communications that we provide to you electronically comply with any legal requirement that such communications be in writing. This condition does not affect your statutory rights.
Transfer of rights and obligations
The contract between you and us is binding on you and us and on our respective successors and assigns.
You may not transfer, assign, charge or otherwise dispose of a Contract, or any of your rights or obligations arising under it, without our prior written consent.
We may transfer, assign, charge, sub-contract or otherwise dispose of a Contract, or any of our rights or obligations arising under it, at any time during the term of the Contract.
Events outside of our control
We will not be liable or responsible for any failure to perform, or delay in performance of, any of our obligations under a Contract that is caused by events outside our reasonable control.
Severability
If any of these terms and Conditions or any provisions of a Contract are determined by any competent authority to be invalid, unlawful or unenforceable to any extent, such term, condition or provision will to that extent be severed from the remaining terms, conditions and provisions which will continue to be valid to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Entire agreement
These terms and conditions and any document expressly referred to in them constitute the whole agreement between us and supersede any previous arrangement, understanding or agreement between us, relating to the subject matter of any Contract.
Our right to vary these terms and conditions
We have the right to revise and amend these terms and conditions from time to time to reflect changes in market conditions affecting our business, changes in technology, changes in payment methods, changes in relevant laws and regulatory requirements and changes in our system's capabilities.
You will be subject to the policies and terms and conditions in force at the time that you order an Advert from us, unless any change to those policies or these terms and conditions is required to be made by law or governmental authority (in which case it will apply to orders previously placed by you), or if we notify you of the change to those policies or these terms and conditions before we send you the Advert Confirmation (in which case we have the right to assume that you have accepted the change to the terms and conditions, unless you notify us to the contrary within seven working days of receipt by you of the Products).
Law and jurisdiction
Contracts for the publication of Adverts through our site and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with them or their subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) will be governed by English law. Any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with such Contracts or their formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
About horses for sale
Terms and conditions