http://www.tobaccoroadgolf.com/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Home
877-284-3762
Course
Packages
Shop
TRG Experience
Contact
More
Guest Info
Reserve A Caddie
2021 Players Card
Road of Fame
Book Tee Time >
PRIVACY POLICY
Overview
Tobacco Road Golf, LLC and LPC Holdings d/b/a Tobacco Road Golf & Travel (alternately, “Tobacco Road”, “we”, “us” or “our”) respect your privacy and are committed to complying with this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”), which describes what information we collect about you, including how we collect it, how we use it, with whom we may share it and what choices you have regarding our use of your information. This Privacy Policy applies to information collected on our websites located at www.tobaccoroadgolf.com and www.tobaccoroadtravel.com (the “Websites”), any current or future mobile application associated with the Websites (the “Mobile Application”), all interactive features, applications, widgets, social networks and social network “tabs”, and other online or wireless offerings that post a link to this Privacy Policy, whether accessed via computer, mobile device or other technology or any associated content, material, or functionality contained on the Websites or Mobile Application (collectively, the “Services” and, together with the Websites and the Mobile Application, the “System”). By accessing and using the System, or any part thereof, you agree that you have read and understand this Privacy Policy, and that in exchange for access to the System, you accept and consent to the privacy practices (and any uses and disclosures of information about you) that are described in this Privacy Policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time. The most recent version of the Privacy Policy is reflected by the version date located at the bottom of this Privacy Policy. All such updates and amendments are effective immediately upon notice thereof, which we may give by any means, including, but not limited to, by posting a revised version of this Privacy Policy or other notice on the Websites and the Mobile Applications. You should view this Privacy Policy often to stay informed of changes that may affect you, as your continued use of the System signifies your continuing consent to be bound by this Privacy Policy. We expressly reserve the right to make any changes to this Privacy Policy at any time, without prior notice to you. The version of this Privacy Policy posted at tobaccoroadgolf.com and tobaccoroadtravel.com on each respective date you visit the System shall be the Privacy Policy applicable to your access and use of the System on that date. Our electronically or otherwise properly stored copies of this Privacy Policy shall be deemed to be the true, complete, valid, authentic, and enforceable copy of the version of this Privacy Policy which were in force on each respective date you visited the System. This Privacy Policy is not intended to and does not create any contractual or other legal right in or on behalf of any party other than Tobacco Road.
What Information Do We Collect?
As described in detail below, we may collect certain identifying information from or about you in connection with your use of the System (collectively, the “Collected Information”). Collected Information includes, without limitation, any information that may be used to identify an individual, including, but not limited to, a first and last name, a home, business, or other physical address, phone number, an email address. Tobacco Road uses the information we collect to provide the Tobacco Road the Services that are available via the Websites and Mobile Application. In order to continuously improve your service and tailor our subsequent communications to you, we may also ask you to provide us with additional information regarding your demographics, comments, professional interests, and contact preferences.
Cookies and Usage Reports
By placing a small file known as a “cookie” on your computer (or other device), Tobacco Road’s and its third party service providers’ servers passively gather information about all visitors’ use of the System for several reasons, including, but not limited to, the following: statistics collection and analysis, System optimization, analytics (as described below), market research, and maintenance of user login information. The information that we and our third party service providers track with cookies includes, but is not limited to, the type of browser (such as Google Chrome or Internet Explorer) and Internet-connected devices being used to access the System, your Internet protocol (“IP”) address, your home domain or Internet service provider, your referrer URL (which is the URL for the website that you were viewing prior to visiting the System), how you were directed to the System, which specific pages you access on the System, how long you view each page, the time and date you access our System and the total number of visitors to the System and any portions thereof. We, and/or our third party service providers, may use the information collected from cookies or similar files on your computer for security purposes (such as authentication), to facilitate site navigation and to personalize your experience while visiting the System. This data helps us and our third party service providers improve our respective product and services.
Most popular Internet browser applications will allow you to configure the browser so as not to accept cookies. However, setting your browser to reject cookies may, in certain instances, prevent you from taking full advantage of the System (or some portion thereof) and its capabilities, or cause some features of the System to function improperly or more slowly.
Google Analytics and Web Beacons
Our Websites may use Google Analytics, a web analysis service provided by Google, in order to better understand your use of our Websites and how we can improve them. Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit a website, what pages you visit when you do so, and what other websites you used prior to coming to such website. Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit a website, rather than your name or other identifying information. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with your personal information. Although Google Analytics plants a permanent cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit a website, the cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to Tobacco Road Websites is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use (http://www.google.com/analytics/tos.html) and the Google Privacy Policy (http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html). Google utilizes the data collected to track and examine the use of the Tobacco Road Websites, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services. Google may use the data collected on the Tobacco Road Websites to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. To more fully understand how Google may use the data it collects on the Tobacco Road Websites, please review “How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps,” (located here: http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/ or any successor URL).
Some of the areas of the System may contain electronic images known as web beacons (sometimes known as clear gifs) that allow Tobacco Road, and its third party providers or affiliates, to count and track users who have visited certain portions of the System. Web beacons collect only limited information and do not collect any of your personal information. Specifically, Tobacco Road plans to use a type of web beacon known as a “retargeting pixel,” which will allow users to receive targeted advertising from Tobacco Road via certain social media websites, including Facebook.com.
Correspondence
We appreciate your questions and comments about the System and Services and welcome your messages. You may contact us at chris@tobaccoroadgolf.com. If you correspond with Tobacco Road through the System or via email, the Collected Information may include the content of, and metadata regarding, any correspondence you may have with us. We may share your messages with those within our organization who are most capable of addressing the issues contained in your message. We may archive your message for a certain period of time or discard it.
How Can I Opt-Out of Promotional Correspondence?
If you would no longer like to receive information, newsletters or other promotional messages from us, please click the link at the bottom of any such email you receive from us and follow the instructions. Your email address will be removed from our marketing list. Please allow us a reasonable period of time in order to satisfy your request, as some promotions may already be in process.
Online Account Management
If you elected to subscribe to any online services provided via the System, including the ability to access any password-protected areas of the System, you will be required to submit personal information (including some Collected Information) for the purpose of verifying your identity and your authority to manage the account. This Collected Information will be used exclusively by Tobacco Road, our agents, suppliers and third-party service providers for internal use and to respond to your service requests.
How Do We Use The Information That We Collect?
Tobacco Road and our third party services providers collect and use the Collected Information to operate the System and deliver the Services, including to provide certain services and improve the user experience, address System integrity or security issues, and conduct research and analysis to maintain, protect, develop, and improve the System, sell certain merchandise, and, additionally, use any information submitted by users as described below or elsewhere in this Privacy Policy. We may send you information that you request from us, promotional materials regarding Tobacco Road or any third party entity or individual affiliated with individual members of Tobacco Road, and any other communication for any other legitimate and lawful business purposes. Additionally, we may retain and use certain Collected Information to facilitate and otherwise address certain inquiries or requests regarding the Services or the System, or respond to your questions or requests for information about or from Tobacco Road. We may also use Collected Information as necessary to ensure compliance with any Tobacco Road policies and any applicable law, regulation or order.
Except as set forth in this Privacy Policy, Tobacco Road will not use, disclose, or transfer your Collected Information unless:
you expressly authorize Tobacco Road to do so,
it is necessary to allow Tobacco Road’s service providers, agents, or other third parties to provide products or services for or to Tobacco Road,
it is necessary in order to provide the System or the Services,
Tobacco Road is sending you other information that may be useful to you,
subject to applicable contractual or legal restrictions, it is disclosed to entities that perform marketing services on Tobacco Road’s behalf or to other entities with whom Tobacco Road has joint marketing agreements,
it is necessary to protect the confidentiality or security of your records,
it is necessary in connection with other business purposes including, without limitation, verifying identity, age, and/or payment details, investigating complaints about the System, risk assessment, security, fraud and crime prevention/detection, monitoring, research and analysis, marketing, customer purchasing preferences and trends and dispute resolution,
it is necessary to comply with law enforcement, governmental mandate, or other legal requirement, if appropriate, for your protection or in connection with an investigation or prosecution of possible unlawful activity;
subject to applicable contractual or legal restrictions, it is necessary in connection with a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of Tobacco Road or the merger of Tobacco Road into another entity or any consolidation, share exchange, combination, reorganization, or like transaction in which Tobacco Road is not the survivor, or
it is otherwise necessary for Tobacco Road to disclose it as required or permitted by law.
With Whom Do We Share Information That We Collect?
In addition to the uses mentioned or described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy or in the Terms of Use, we may catalog and add Collected Information to our database.
For any purchases that you make through our Online Store, it will be necessary for us to share some of your Collected Information with the third party payment processors in order to process your requested transaction.
We do not sell, rent, or lease our user lists or the identity of individual users to third parties. However, Tobacco Road may use and disclose certain aggregated, anonymized information, such as System usage data, to our trusted business partners. Such information may also be shared with other users or the general public for advertising, informational, or comparison purposes. However, such information shall not be personally identifiable to any user.
We may also disclose Collected Information if we become subject to a subpoena or court order, or if we are otherwise legally required to disclose information. We may also use and disclose Collected Information to establish or exercise our legal rights, to enforce the Terms of Use, to assert and defend against legal claims, or if we believe such disclosure is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take other action regarding actual or suspected illegal or fraudulent activities or potential threats to the physical safety or well-being of any person.
As Tobacco Road grows and develops its business, it is possible that its corporate structure or organization might change or that it might merge or otherwise combine with, or that it or portions of its business might be acquired by, another company. In any such transactions, customer information generally is, and should be expected to be, one of the transferred business assets. Also, if any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding is brought by or against us, your information may be considered a company asset that may be sold or transferred to third parties.
Sweepstakes, Promotions, Contests & Surveys?
On the System, you may wish to participate in certain online polls, surveys, contests, sweepstakes and other promotions that may be offered from time to time by us, a partner, or other entity through which you are using the System. Participation in these polls, surveys, contests, sweepstakes and promotions is completely voluntary; you have a choice about whether or not to disclose information required to enter. Information requested may include Collected Information such as your name, address, date of birth, phone number, mobile phone number, e-mail address, username, and/or similar information. Through these online polls, surveys and promotions, you may choose to participate in activities such as sharing information with others and sending email invitations. In connection with any online polls, surveys, contests, sweepstakes and other promotions that may be offered from time to time via the System by us, we use the information you provide to administer the polls, surveys, contests, sweepstakes and other promotions. Subject to applicable contractual or legal restrictions, we also may use the information to communicate with you, or the other people you select, about our services or products. Any information that you submit to one of our partners or another entity through which you are using the System in the course of any poll, survey, contest, sweepstakes, or promotion offered by any third party shall be fully at your own risk, and Tobacco Road hereby disclaims all responsibility for any losses, liability, damages, or expenses that may arise from your submission of such information
What Choices Do You Have?
When submitting information, corresponding, making requests for information, and otherwise interacting with Tobacco Road and its representatives through or in connection with the System, you choose what information to supply or submit, whether you wish to receive further information, and how you may be contacted. Please take care to share only such information as is needed or that you believe is appropriate. Any promotional email we send to you will contain a link which will allow you to opt out of receiving any further correspondence. If you have created an online account, you may also change your correspondence preferences by logging into your account. You may disable your online account access at any time; however, this will not necessarily result in the deletion of any Collected Information.
How Do We Protect Information Collected About You?
Tobacco Road takes commercially reasonable measures to secure and protect information transmitted via or stored on the System. Nevertheless, no security system is impenetrable. We cannot guarantee that information that users of the System may happen to transmit or otherwise supply will be totally secure. You agree to immediately notify us of any breach of System’s security, this Privacy Policy, or the Terms of Use of which you become aware.
Linked Websites
For your convenience, some hyperlinks may be posted on the System that link to other websites not under our control. We are not responsible for, and this Privacy Policy does not apply to, the privacy practices of those sites or of any companies that we do not own or control. We cannot be responsible for the privacy practices of any such websites or pages not under our control and we do not endorse any of these websites or pages, the services or products described or offered on such sites or pages, or any of the content contained on those sites or pages. We encourage you to seek out and read the privacy policy of each website that you visit. In addition, should you happen to initiate a transaction on a website that our System links to, even if you reached that site through the System, the information that you submit to complete that transaction becomes subject to the privacy practices of the operator of that linked website. You should read that website’s privacy policies to understand how personal information that is collected about you is used and protected.
User-Provided Content
Any information, communications, or material of any type or nature that you submit to the Websites or any Mobile Application by e-mail, posting, messaging, uploading, downloading, or otherwise (collectively, a “Submission”) is done at your own risk and without any expectation of privacy. We cannot control the actions of other users of the System and we are therefore not responsible for any Submissions contained on the Websites. By visiting any of our pages that are contained on the Websites, you are representing and warranting to us that you have reviewed this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use and that you will abide by all such provisions contained therein.
Additionally, in the event that we offer a message board or any other interactive or social-type feature on the Websites, please be aware that these areas may allow you to post, and share with other users, certain messages, content, or other information. We encourage you to be wary of giving out any personal information, or any personal information of others to which you may have access, in such forums. The information you post can be collected and used by other people. We cannot guarantee the privacy and safety of these areas and are therefore not responsible for any information you choose to post. Your use of these features is fully at your own risk.
Social Media Platforms and Websites
Any Submission that you submit to any of our pages contained on a social media platform or website by e-mail, posting, messaging, uploading, downloading, or otherwise is done at your own risk and without any expectation of privacy. We cannot control the actions of other users of a social media platform and we are therefore not responsible for any Submissions contained on a social media platform or website. By visiting any of our pages that are contained on any social media platform or website, you are representing and warranting to us that you have reviewed the applicable privacy policy and terms of use of such website or social media platform and that you will abide by all such provisions contained therein.
Children
The System (including the Websites, Mobile Application, and Services included therein) is intended for a general audience and is not intended for use or view by children under 13 years of age without parental consent, and we do not knowingly collect information about children or sell products to children. Consistent with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, we will not knowingly collect any information from children under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, you must ask your parent or guardian to assist you in using the System. Furthermore, we may restrict entries to any contests, sweepstakes or promotions to entrants who are at least 18 years of age. For children under the age of 13 to participate in a trip or activity offered through the System, such child’s parent or guardian must provide the information necessary for that child to participate in such trip or activity.
Visiting The System From Outside The United States
If you are visiting the System, or any part thereof, from outside of the United States of America, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored or processed in the United States. The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country, but please be assured that we take steps to protect your privacy. By using any portion of the System, you understand and consent to the transfer of your information to our facilities in the United States and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this Privacy Policy.
Do Not Track Requests
California and Delaware laws require that we indicate whether we honor “Do Not Track” settings in your browser concerning targeted advertising. “Do Not Track” is a standard that is currently under development. As it is not yet finalized, we adhere to the standards set out in this Privacy Policy and do not monitor or follow any Do Not Track browser requests.
Whom Can You Contact For More Information?
If you have any questions or suggestions about the System, Tobacco Road, our services, or our privacy practices, please contact us chris@tobaccoroadgolf.com.
Acknowledgement
BY ACCESSING OR USING THE SYSTEM, OR ANY PORTION THEREOF, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTAND, AND CONSENT TO THE PRIVACY POLICY, AND TO THE USES AND DISCLOSURES OF COLLECTED INFORMATION ABOUT YOU, THAT ARE DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF USE REFERENCED ABOVE.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on January 16, 2017.
Reserve a CaddiePlayers CardEmail Club Signup