http://www.orangebowl.org/about/more/privacypolicy/
Jump to Content
Privacy Policy
February 2019
Privacy Notice
We at The Orange Bowl Committee, Inc. (the “OBC”) respect your concerns about privacy and value the trust you have placed in us. This Privacy Notice describes the types of personal information we collect via our website, how we may use that information, and with whom we may share it. This Privacy Notice also describes the measures we take to protect the security of the information. In addition, we describe the choices you can make about how we use the information you provide to us. We tell you how you can reach us to update your contact information, remove your name from our mailing list, or answer any questions you may have about our privacy practices.  This Privacy Notice is only applicable to personal information collected via the OBC’s website and not through hyperlinks to third party websites such as the Ticketmaster network or Holsen, Inc., members of the OBC’s Travel Network, Instagram, Facebook, and LinkedIn and we urge you to review their respective Privacy Policies and Terms and Conditions prior to use.  Your access to, and use of, our website and services means you agree to the terms in this Privacy Notice and our Terms and Conditions of Use. We encourage you to review this Privacy Notice periodically so that you fully understand our current privacy practices, as this Privacy Notice may be amended from time-to-time.
This Notice of Privacy Practices (“Notice”) is effective as of January 1, 2019.  This Notice applies to information collected, processed or stored by the OBC and its wholly-owned (collectively, the “OBC”) and online at orangebowl.org (collectively, the “Services”).  This Notice describes the extent of data collection and use to provide Services to you.  This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the OBC web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
What types of information does the OBC collect and use about me and how does the OBC use the information?
We collect and use your information to communicate with you about our events, products, services and promotions, and to facilitate your communication with other users who have chosen to post their information via our website or hyperlinks in our website.  Here are the ways we obtain information about you and the types of information we obtain.  We also tell you how we use the information.
Personal Information About Customers
You provide most information to us when you search, reserve, buy, post, or communicate with customer service. For example, you provide information when you search for an event or product or to place an order through orangebowl.org or one of our third-party providers or communicate with us by phone, e-mail, or otherwise.  In such event, you might supply us with such information as your name, address, phone numbers and credit card information.  Other examples of the information we collect and analyze include the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, login, email address, password, and computer and connection information such as browser type, version, and time zone as well as products you viewed or searched for.
We understand that you entrust your data to us. We value that trust. Our collection and use of customer data is guided by our corporate principle of customers first.  The information we learn from customers helps us personalize and improve your orangebowl.org experience. Here are the types of information we gather.
Information You Give Us: We receive and store any information you enter on our website or give us in any other way.  You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, marketing, promotions, customizing your experience and communicating with you.
Automatic Information: We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, like many websites, we use "cookies," and we obtain certain types of information when your web browser accesses orangebowl.org.
Mobile: When you download or use apps created by the OBC, we may receive information about your location and your mobile device, including a unique identifier for your device. We may use this information to provide you with location-based services and other personalized content. Most mobile devices provide users with the ability to disable location services. Most likely, these controls are located in the device's settings menu.
Email Communications: If you do not want to receive email or other mail from us, please use the unsubscribe link in the footer of any email sent by orangebowl.org to opt-out of receiving promotional or marketing emails from us.
Contact Us
If you email us through this website, we will receive your name, email address and any other information you choose to include in your email. We use your email address to respond to your inquiry.
Event/Promotion Locator
If you use this website to register or request additional information for an OBC promotion or event, we will receive your address, which we use to provide you with the location and other information regarding such promotion or event.
Website
Many web surfers are concerned about their privacy and the use of “cookies” on the Internet.  Cookies are small files that can be used to store information you have already provided.  Cookies cannot be used to "steal" information about you or your computer system.
We use "cookies" on this web site to remember your preferences.  A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor's hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site.  For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.  For example, the website may remember which OBC page you viewed, in order to make your next visit more convenient (by displaying information more relevant to that content).  Some of our business service providers may use cookies on our site (for example, promoters). However, we have no access to or control over these cookies.
Nevertheless, if you do not like having any cookies at all, they can be disabled in your web browser's Internet Options.
Sharing
We share aggregated demographic information with our Affiliates, sponsors, and vendors. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.
We also use a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services.  Currently, we use Chase Paymentech and refer you to their terms of service and privacy policy, which can be found here:
https://www.chase.com/digital/resources/privacy-security/privacy/consumer-privacy-notice
We may engage the services of another party to provide specific services.  When you sign up for these services, we will share names or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services. These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.
This website contains links or hyperlinks to other websites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Other information you provide to us
If you include personal information in any of the content you choose to provide us, such as photos, we will receive and may post that information in the process of responding to your request to post your business information and photos.
Does the OBC share the information it obtains about me with third parties?
The OBC does not share personal information about its consumers with any third parties outside the OBC corporate family for their own marketing and promotional purposes except for certain third-party service providers noted above.  We do share this information with service providers we have retained to perform services on our behalf, such as Chase Paymentech and Holsen, Inc., but these service providers are not authorized by us to use or disclose the information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or to comply with legal requirements.  We also may disclose information about you as required by law.
When you provide your information via this website, we may post that information pursuant to your request. We have sole discretion to decide whether to post your information and photos. If we do post the information and photos, as you have requested, they will be publicly available via this website and viewable by any user of this website.
We reserve the right to transfer any information we have about you in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets. If the business is transferred, we will provide you with the opportunity to tell us that you would prefer that information about you not be transferred.  Should such a transfer occur, we will use reasonable efforts to try to ensure that the transferee uses personal information about you in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Notice.
If you prefer that we not disclose your personal information as described above, please do not provide your personal information through the site.
How does the OBC protect personal information?
The security of personal information is a high priority for us. We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards to protect against unauthorized disclosure, use, alteration and destruction of the personal information in our possession. We are committed to providing appropriate security controls to protect personal information we have about you against foreseeable hazards.
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.  We do not disclose details regarding our security measures as this could be beneficial information to criminals and other bad actors.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.  We also reveal only the last four digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order. Of course, we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information.  The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.  However, it is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer.  Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.
We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law; enforce or apply our Terms and Conditions of Use and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of the OBC, orangebowl.org, our users, or others and which includes fraud protection and credit risk reduction. However, this does not include selling, renting, sharing, or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information from customers for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments set forth in this Privacy Notice.
How does the OBC update its Privacy Notice?
The OBC events, services and promotions will change over time. This Privacy Notice will be updated periodically to reflect those changes and corresponding changes in our information practices.  Whenever we revise this Privacy Notice, we will change the date on the notice to indicate when the revisions were made.  We reserve the right to change our information practices and the terms of this Privacy Notice, and to apply the changed practices to all information we have about you.  By using this website, you agree to accept the terms of this Privacy Notice as stated at the time you use it. Any future access to this website subsequent to the posting of a revised Privacy Notice will be deemed to be your acceptance of this Privacy Notice as then revised.  We reserve the right to change this Privacy Notice at any time.
Does the OBC website contain links to other websites?
The OBC website does contain links to other websites that operate independently of the OBC and are not under our control. We provide links to other websites solely for your convenience and information. This Privacy Notice does not apply at other websites, even though they may be linked to this website.  Other websites may have their own privacy notices or terms of use, which we suggest you review if you visit any linked websites. OBC is not responsible for information that is provided by, or collected through, those websites or for any other use of those websites.
How can I update my personal information and privacy preferences?
We recognize that having accurate and up-to-date information about you and your preferences is important to our ability to properly serve your interests.  You can update your information by logging on your Orange Bowl Account Manager, or by using one of the options provided below.
Use of Website by Minor Children
The OBC does not sell products for purchase by children. We may sell children's products for purchase by adults. If you are under 18, you may use orangebowl.org only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.  If you are a minor under 18 and have a profile on orangebowl.org, you may ask us to remove reviews or other content that you posted on the site by writing to the address set forth below.  We will begin to process your request within 30 days.  Please note that processing your request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of content that you posted.
In addition, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act and other state laws imposes requirements on Websites that collect personal information about children under 13 years old (for example - name, address, email address, social security number, etc.). Our current policy is not to collect any personal information on any person under 13 years old online. For this reason, our promotions conducted online are restricted to entrants who are at least 13 years old. If this policy changes, we will revise this portion of our Notice and will comply with the requirements of the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, which includes providing notice and choice to each child's parent or guardian before collecting any personal information.
California Privacy Rights
Under California Civil Code sections 1798.83-1798.84, California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice describing what categories of personal information we share with third parties or corporate affiliates for those third parties or corporate affiliates' direct marketing purposes. That notice will identify the categories of personal information shared with third parties and used for direct marketing purposes and the name and address of the third parties that received such personal information. If you are a California resident and want a copy of this notice, please submit a written request to the following address: 14360 N.W. 77th Court, Miami Lakes, Florida 33016, Attn. Legal Department. In your request, please specify that you want a "Your OBC California Privacy Rights Notice." Please allow 30 days for a response.
Inquiries; Dispute Resolution
If you have any inquiries or complaints about our handling of your personal data under our Privacy Code, or about our privacy practices generally, please contact us at the address set forth below or via email to legaldept@orangebowl.org.  We will respond to your inquiry promptly.  If we are unable to satisfactorily resolve any complaint relating to this Privacy Code, you hereby irrevocably agree to pursue any action only through binding arbitration with JamsEndispute, with the situs of arbitration being Miami-Dade County, Florida.
How can I contact the OBC?
If you have any other questions about OBC's privacy practices or about your personal information, please contact us legaldept@orangebowl.org or call 305-341-4700, or write to us at:
Attn:  Webmaster
The Orange Bowl Committee, Inc.
14360 NW 77th Court
Miami Lakes, FL 33016
We will respond to your inquiry or investigate your concern.
Because the OBC respects the intellectual property of other persons, if you believe that your work product has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide notice to the address set forth above or by email to legaldept@orangebowl.org.
Family Icon
Big Group
Hotels
Transit
Dining
Events