http://www.mbwales.com/privacy-policy/
Centres
Bases
Trails
Facilities
More
Blog
Contact
Add Your Business
Login
My Account
Login
Login
Need an account? Register here!
Forgot Password?
Register
Reset Password
Reset Password
Return to Login
English
Cymraeg (Welsh)
Centres
Bases
Trails
Facilities
More
Blog
Contact
Add Your Business
Login
My Account
HomePrivacy Policy
Your search results
Privacy Policy
We, at MBWales.com, respect and wish to protect the privacy of the users of our services. This document sets out the details of our privacy policy in relation to information collected on this web site.
If you have any comments on our privacy policy as set out in this document, please contact us using the following email address: info@visitwales.co.uk
Cookies
We use browser cookies on our site. If you do not know what cookies are, or how to control or delete them, then we recommend you visit http://www.aboutcookies.org for detailed guidance.
We currently operate an ‘implied consent’ policy which means that we assume you are happy with this usage.
If you are not happy, then you should either not use this site, or you should delete MBWales cookies having visited the site, or you should browse the site using your browser’s anonymous usage setting (called “Incognito” in Chrome, “InPrivate” for Internet Explorer, “Private Browsing” in Firefox and Safari etc.)
Although we use cookies on the Site we do not rely on their use.
*None of our cookies capture or use personal information.
When and how do we collect data from you?
We collect data from you:-
when you register on the Site that you are happy for us to send information to you in the future.
when you register your details on the Site.
via data capture devices using cookies and studying which pages you have visited most frequently.
What data is collected?
The data we collect may be personal data and may include your name and e-mail address. We may also ask for your telephone number to enable us to contact you in the event that a problem arises. We are required by HM Customs and Excise to store and collect information about the country you live in.
System Logging
We do not use details relating to a particular computer’s Internet Protocol address in order to administer the Site or to otherwise track the movement of users through the Site.
We do, however, record certain information regarding use of the Site on our own internal systems. This information is, however, used solely to enable us to administer the Site, to rectify errors and to hold details of a user who has added to or amended information in a particular archive.
Who collects the information?
The information is collected by us, the Welsh Assembly Government, Cardiff Bay, Cardiff, CF99 1NA. We hold valid notifications under the Data Protection Act 1998. The personally identifiable information that is required to use the Site is owned solely by us. We do not share, sell or rent your information to any other person, company or organisation in any way other than as disclosed in this document or as stated at the point where the information is collected. You should, however, note that if you request a brochure through the Site or VisitWales, in some instances your details may be forwarded to a regional tourism marketing organisation so that they can despatch the brochure to you. [Your details will only be used by that organisation for the purposes of sending the brochure to you.]
Consent
By disclosing personal information to us you consent to the collection, storage and processing of information in the manner described in this Policy.
How is the information used and by whom?
The above information will be used by us for the following purposes only: –
To contact you in the event of an emergency; and
To contact you if we experience problems in processing a payment.
From time to time, we may also forward a newsletter to your email address. This would contain information on new features and services in relation to the Site. The information may also be made available to companies of tourism related specialist supplies, products and services who are interested in advertising on the Site and who may, from time to time, email you details of specialist services which may be of interest to you.
We are not in favour of our users being inundated with inappropriate and unsolicited email. We will therefore carefully select the organisations to whom we would provide such data
You also have the right to ‘opt-out’ of your information being used for purposes not directly related to the Site. For further details of this right, please see ‘Your Rights in Relation to this Information’ below.
What security measures do we have in place to protect this information?
The Site may, from time to time, contain links to other web sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of the owners and operators of these sites. We therefore encourage you to read the privacy statements and policies on each site to which you are asked to submit personal information.
Your rights in relation to this information
If you wish to change any of your personal information, please use the facilities available on the Site to correct and update it.
You also have the opportunity to ‘opt-out’ of having your information used for purposes not directly related to the Site at the point where we ask you for that information. For example, if you wish to register to create or use an archive (e.g. a discussion thread) but do not want to receive future newsletters, promotional emails or marketing material, simply put a cross in the relevant box that appears in our registration form.
If, after a certain period of time, you decide that you no longer wish to receive newsletters, promotional and marketing emails, you can change your personal profile accordingly. Alternatively, you may decide that you would like to begin to receive newsletters, promotional and marketing emails.
In order to change your personal profile, please follow the process set out under ‘my details’ in the top navigation bar. Please note, however, that we cannot backdate any changes that you make. This means that you could continue to receive information from a particular third party where we have already provided your details to that third party. You will therefore have to contact each such third party if you no longer wish to receive newsletters, promotional and marketing emails directly from them.
Policy change
Please note that we reserve the right to change this policy at any time in the future, with or without notice. Should we decide to change the policy, we will post notification of the changes on ‘about this Site’ section on the left navigation bar.
Questions
If you have any questions about this document or our procedures please contact us at info@visitwales.co.uk
MB Wales Blog
Visit Wales Safely
Welsh Bike Parks Plan Staged Re-opening
BikePark Wales Legends
Green Rocks
Sisters of Send Weekend 2020
Trail Search
Trail Grading
Trail Grading Yellow Green Blue Red Black Orange
Distance
Distance Less than 5km 5-10km 10-20km 20-30km 30+km
Area
Area North Wales Mid Wales South Wales
Trail Facilities
Trail Facilities Onsite Local
Family Friendly
Family Friendly No Yes
Contact Us
Use the form below to contact us!
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.  Accept  Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Necessary
Always Enabled