http://www.pitlochrygolf.co.uk/policy/privacy.html
Playing Golf During Covid-19 - View Our Procedures
The best course in the world ... under 6,000 yards
Pro Shop: 01796 472 792
Restaurant: 01796 472 334
Find Us
Vouchers & Shop
Visitors
Green Fees
Group Booking Enquiry
Golf Breaks
Offers
Course Guide
Scorecard
History
Equipment Hire
Open Competitions
Membership
Join
Fixtures
Gents
Gents Competition Rules
Ladies
Seniors
Juniors
Corporate
AGM Matters
Club Matters
Members Privacy
Restaurant
Pro Shop
The Pro
Lessons
Monthly Offers
Range
Pitlochry Pitch & Putt
News
Visitors Booking
Members Booking
Data Protection and Privacy Policy
This page explains our approach to privacy on our website and how it affects you.
This Notice contains important information about your personal rights to privacy. Please read it carefully to understand how Pitlochry Golf Club uses the personal information you have voluntarily provided.
Please note that this notice applies to both our club members, visitors the club officials and as such may make reference to types of information only relevant to one or other of those groups.
The provision of your personal information to us is voluntary. However, without providing us with your personal information, your use of our system may be impaired.
How we collect personal data
We only collect data that you provide us with voluntarily as part of the registration process. We do not collect data about you from any other sources.
What Personal information we use
In order to receive information from PGC members must be registered. PGC uses this information to
•	Comply with terms of membership and to allocate the appropriate membership category.
•	Inform members of club related matters as defined in our constitution
•	Inform members of golf related events, draws results,
and newsletters,
•	Inform members of activities organised by Pitlochry Golf Limited, Cargills Clubhouse and Noah’s Ark Golf Centre.
•	Inform Visitors of golf related events organised by PGC, Pitlochry Golf Limited, Cargills Clubhouse and Noah’s Ark Golf Centre.
The club specifically, we hold the following information for each registered user of the system:
CDH number, and Cargills Clubhouse number (in some instances)
BRS registered number.
Email address,
First Name,
Surname,
Address,
Contact phone number, mobile and landline.
Date of Birth :(in some instances),
Marketing contact preference.
In addition, we maintain a record of all scores and results.
We record all fees associated with membership but do not hold any other financial information such as payment methods, card or bank details.
Lawful Basis
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) requires us to rely on one or more lawful basis to use your personal information. We consider the grounds listed below to be relevant:
Where you have provided your consent for us to use your personal information internally by registering with the club so where necessary so that we can comply with a legal obligation to which we may be subject and where necessary for the operation of the club’s and other golf related events.
The GDPR allows us to collect and process your personal information if it is reasonably necessary to achieve our contractual and legitimate interests (as long as that processing is fair, balanced and does not unduly impact your rights as an individual). In broad terms, our contractual basis is required to comply with terms of membership and our “legitimate interests” means the interests of running the club’s competitions and ensuring the best possible experience for all golfers.
When we process your personal information to achieve such legitimate interests, we consider and balance any potential impact on you and on your rights under data protection laws. We will not use your personal information for other activities except where you consent to the club sending occasional electronic communications (unless, for instance, we are otherwise required or permitted to by law).
Electronic Communications
We may use your contact details to provide you with:
•	Information about, PGC competitions, draws, results,
•	Newsletters
•	Information about special events from PGL, Cargills Clubhouse Noah’s Ark Golf Centre. (Where you have consented to receive such information).
If you provide us with your email address we may send you emails, either in reply to specific enquiries (such as one made using a contact form) or if you have opted in to our email newsletters. You have the ability to opt out of any of this communication at any time.
We will never provide your personal information or email address to any third parties except where they are specifically employed to help deliver our own services.
Our email marketing lists are also managed by our webmaster, Web Smart Media. Therefore, some personal information may be shared with them for marketing purposes.
If you request to receive no further contact from us, we may keep some basic information about you on our suppression list in order to comply with our legal obligations, and avoid sending you unwanted materials in the future.
For members who leave we will hold the data for 3 years unless requested to delete when they leave.
For visitors we
will hold the data for 3 years unless they opt out of all communications from the club.
In short, the following applies to our website:
* We collect anonymous usage statistics about your visit, like which of our pages you viewed.
* Some third parties like Facebook and Twitter may know you visited this website, if you use their services. We can't control them but we don't believe this knowledge poses any threat to you.
* If you share personally identifiable information with us we take great care to keep it safe and we'll never share it with others without your express permission.
* We never share your data with third parties except to help us deliver our own services.
These are just the key points. If you need details, keep reading.
Website Compliance
We regularly review the pitlochrygolf.co.uk website for GDPR compliance and makes updates as appropriate. The website uses the HTTPS protocol and is in addition otherwise currently compliant.
Cookies
Like most websites, we use cookies.
Cookies are small pieces of data that websites store in their visitors' web browsers. Other technologies, including data we store on your web browser or device, identifiers associated with your device, and other software, are used for similar purposes. In this policy, we refer to all of these technologies as "cookies".
Cookies help to improve our services and give you a better experience. For example, they can show us which pages people visit most often, and which are not getting as much attention.
If you wish to block cookies you can do this in your browser settings; you can learn more about cookies and how to block them here.
Facebook, Twitter and other social networks
These services provide social buttons and similar features which we use on our website - such as the "Like" and "Tweet" buttons.
To do so we embed code that they provide and we do not control ourselves. To function, their buttons generally know if you're logged in; for example Facebook uses this to say "x of your friends like this". We do not have any access to that information, nor can we control how those networks use it.
Social networks therefore could know that you're viewing this website, if you use their services (that isn't to say they do, but their policies may change). As our website is remarkably inoffensive we imagine this is not a concern for most users.
Google Analytics
We measure visitors to our website using Google Analytics. This records what pages you view within our site, how you arrived at our site and some basic information about your computer, such as the web browser you use and the screen resolution. All of that information is anonymous - so we don't know who you are; just that somebody visited our site.
The information we collect from analytics helps us understand what parts of our sites are doing well, how people arrive at our site and so on. Like most websites, we use this information to make our website better.
Any data collected by Google Analytics that is associated with cookies, user identifiers or advertising identifiers is retained for a period of up to 26 months.
You can learn more about
Google Analytics or
opt out if you wish.
BRS Online Booking
At NBCUniversal, we respect personal information and take seriously our privacy obligations. This website describes NBCUniversal’s approach to privacy for the NBCUniversal websites and mobile applications that link to this page (“online services”).
We are committed to handling personal information in compliance with the specific provisions of applicable privacy laws worldwide. You can learn more about
NBCUniversal
Things you can do
You have legal control over your personal data, and so you may at any time:
* get a copy of any personal data we hold about you
* have any incorrect, inaccurate or incomplete data corrected
* ask that personal data be erased when it's no longer needed
* ask that your data is not used for marketing purposes
If you need to do so then please get in touch with us using the details below.
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or your personal data, please write to us by email to info@pitlochrygolf.co.uk
or by post to Golf Course Road, Pitlochry, Perthshire PH16 5QY
Weather In Pitlochry
LATEST CONDITIONS
The Highland Opens
Scotland’s most iconic Open Amateur Weeks
Gents Highland Open 13th September - 18th September 2020
Ladies Highland Open 12th July - 17th July 2020
Juniors Highland Open Sunday 26th July 2020
Follow Us
We Are Social - Follow Us For Our Latest News & Developments
Follow The Club on
Facebook
Follow The Club on
Facebook
Keep up to date on
Twitter