http://www.tellurideskiresort.com/the-mountain/safety/policies/
Policies
Check In:
Arrival Date Calendar
Check Out:
Departure Date Calendar
Adults:
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
Children:
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
Close Booking Widget
Contact Us
Book Now
International Guests
Shop
more
Navigation Mobile Menu Toggle
Trip
Planning
Featured Lodging
The Peaks Resort & Spa
Telluride's only Golf-in/Golf-out & Ski-in/Ski-out accommodations.
Start Planning
Know Before You Go This Winter
Summer Operating Schedule
Lodging Options
Flying to Telluride
Driving to Telluride
Packages & Specials
First Timer's Guide to Telluride
About Telluride
The
Mountain
Snow Report
Sign Up Today!
Daily snow reports all season long.
Get The Details
Telluride Bike Park
Bike Report
Summer Safety
Webcams
Photos & Video
Gondola
Guest Services
Master Development Plan
Winter Terrain
Trail Maps
For Beginners
Hike-to Terrain
Terrain Parks
Nordic Skiing
Winter Safety
Backcountry Safety
Uphill Access
Know Before You Go
Policies
Tickets &
Products
OPEN NOW
Telluride Bike Park
COME RIDE THE RESORT
learn more
Summer Tickets & Passes
Winter Tickets & Passes
Pass Insurance
FAQs
Avalanche Dog Donation Pass
For Epic Pass Holders
Equipment Rentals
Things To Do
CLINICS & GUIDES
Get the Most From the Bike Park
SCHEDULE A CLINIC
Learn More
Guided Adventures
Telluride Bike Park
Tickets & Passes
Bike Rentals
Guides & Clinics
Trail Maps
First Timer's Guide
Bike Park FAQ
Bike Report
Activities
Summer Activities
Winter Activities
Event Calendar
Festivals
Club Red
Restaurants
Shopping
Spa & Wellness
Ski
School
Ski & Snowboard School
Specialty Camps
Make friends, improve skills and explore the mountain with our Specialty Camps!
Learn More
Children's Lessons
Adult Lessons
Private Lessons
Mountain Guides
Adaptive Program
Meet the Instructors
First Time Skiers Guide
Specialty Camps
Women's Week
BKPRO Telluride "All-Stars" Camp
Biomechanics Camp
Development Squad
Heli-Ski Camp
Making Friends With Moguls Camp
Silver Skiers
Development Squad
Groups & Weddings
Weddings
Say "I Do" and "Wow"
Plan your Telluride dream wedding
Explore our venues
Weddings & Events
Information Request
Venues
Leisure & Ski Groups
Retreats & Conferences
Venues
Information Request
Ski &
Golf Club
Ski & Golf Club
A Club for All Seasons
Join us at the Telluride Ski & Golf Club
Learn about the Club
The Club
The Course
Membership
Contact
Member Login
Site Search:
Share
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Policies
Telluride Ski & Golf On-Mountain Dog Policy
Winter: Dogs are not allowed on any trails or any ski lifts during operating hours due to safety concerns. Dogs may ride in approved pet cabins on the Chondola for transportation purposes. Well behaved dogs are welcome to accompany their owners after operating hours following TSG uphill policies. At all times, dogs must be under the control of their handler and shall have a harness, leash, or other tether. Persons with dogs must follow all applicable rules and regulations regarding dogs set forth by the Town of Telluride, the Town of Mountain Village, this resort, and/or the United States Forest Service. Any persons with dogs in violation of this policy will be asked to remove the dog from the resort immediately and may be subject to other penalties.
Summer: Dogs are approved for use on trails designated for hiking. Persons with dogs shall obey all permanent or temporary closures of terrain, trails, roads, and other portions within Telluride Ski and Golf Resort’s operational boundaries. At all times, dogs must be under the control of their handler and shall have a harness, leash, or other tether. Persons with dogs must follow all applicable rules and regulations regarding dogs set forth by the Town of Telluride, the Town of Mountain Village, this resort, and/or the United States Forest Service. Any persons with dogs in violation of this policy will be asked to remove the dog from the resort immediately and may be subject to other penalties.
Telluride Ski & Golf Drone and Unmanned Aircraft Policy
Out of safety concerns for guests, employees, and resort property, as well as concerns for individual privacy, Telluride Ski Resort prohibits the operation or use of unmanned aerial systems, or drones, by the general public—including recreational users and hobbyists—without the prior written authorization from the Resort. This prohibition includes drones used for filming or videotaping, as well as any drone use by media or journalists operating above or within Telluride Ski Resort boundaries. Please contact a resort representative if you have any questions or if you need to seek prior authorization to operate any aerial drones. Any authorized operation of aerial drones may be governed by Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) rules and regulations, local law enforcement, and U.S. Forest Service Rules, as well as those policies separately established by this Resort, which may include certification, training, insurance coverage, indemnification requirements, and waivers or releases of liability. Any violation of this policy may involve suspension of your skiing or snowboarding privileges, or the revocation of your season pass, as well as confiscation of any drone equipment, and may subject violators to any damages, including, but not limited to, damages for violations of privacy and/or physical or personal injuries or property damage, as well as regulatory fines and legal fees.
Telluride Ski & Golf Service Animal Policy
Winter: Telluride Ski & Golf Resort prohibits discrimination in all of its programs and activities on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, and where applicable, sex, marital status, familial status, parental status, religion, sexual orientation, genetic information, political beliefs, reprisal, or because all or part of an individual’s income is derived from any public assistance program. Any person who has a service animal has the right to be accompanied by the service animal at the Telluride Ski & Golf Resort, in all places of public accommodation, in accordance with Federal and State law. TSG supports the use of trained service animals which meet current ADA guidelines, which include, but are not limited to: remaining under direct control of the user at all times, be housebroken, and be trained and utilized for a specific disability per ADA regulations. At all times, a service animal must be under the control of its handler. A service animal shall have a harness, leash, or other tether, unless either the handler is unable because of a disability to use a harness, leash, or other tether, or the use of a harness, leash, or other tether would interfere with the service animal’s safe, effective performance of work or tasks, in which case the service animal must be otherwise under the handler’s control (e.g., voice control, signals, or other effective means).
Authorized personnel will request that a service animal be removed from the premises if: (1) The animal is out of control and the animal’s handler does not take immediate effective action to control it; or (2) The animal is not housebroken. If the service animal is removed, TSG will make all reasonable efforts so the individual with a disability may participate in the services or activities without having the service animal on premises. In the interest of safety, service animals will not be allowed on chairlifts or on ski trails during operating hours. Service dogs are permitted in chondola cabins. Due to size and weight restrictions, miniature horses will not be permitted in chondola cabins. TSG restricts the use of animals on chair lifts to dogs specifically trained, or in the process of being trained for avalanche search and rescue work and which are under direct control of TSG personnel. Service animals are allowed on ski trails following TSG uphill policy during non-operating hours. The use of service animals on chairlifts and ski terrain directly conflicts with TSG’s safety requirements and impedes the reasonably safe operation of TSG’s on mountain activities. These safety concerns include the real potential for conflicts between service animals and skiers and are compounded by the large volume of slope and trail use. These safety requirements are based on actual risk and are not intended to be discriminatory in any way.
Summer:Telluride Ski & Golf Resort prohibits discrimination in all of its programs and activities on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, and where applicable, sex, marital status, familial status, parental status, religion, sexual orientation, genetic information, political beliefs, reprisal, or because all or part of an individual’s income is derived from any public assistance program. Any person who has a service animal has the right to be accompanied by the service animal at the Telluride Ski Resort, in all places of public accommodation, in accordance with Federal and State law. TSG supports the use of trained service animals which meet current ADA guidelines, which include, but are not limited to: remaining under direct control of the user at all times, be housebroken, and be trained and utilized for a specific disability per ADA regulations. At all times, a service animal must be under the control of its handler. A service animal shall have a harness, leash, or other tether, unless either the handler is unable because of a disability to use a harness, leash, or other tether, or the use of a harness, leash, or other tether would interfere with the service animal’s safe, effective performance of work or tasks, in which case the service animal must be otherwise under the handler’s control (e.g., voice control, signals, or other effective means).
Authorized personnel will request that a service animal be removed from the premises if: (1) The animal is out of control and the animal’s handler does not take immediate effective action to control it; or (2) The animal is not housebroken. If the service animal is removed, TSG will make all reasonable efforts so the individual with a disability may participate in the services or activities without having the service animal on premises. Service animals are approved for use on trails designated for hiking and open roadways. Persons using service animals shall obey all permanent or temporary closures of terrain, trails, roads, and other portions within TSG’s operational boundaries. These safety requirements are based on actual risk and are not intended to be discriminatory in any way.
Telluride Ski & Golf Other Power-Driven Mobility Device Policy
Winter:Telluride Ski & Golf Resort (“TSG”) prohibits discrimination in all programs and activities on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, and where applicable, sex, marital status, familial status, parental status, religion, sexual orientation, genetic information, political beliefs, reprisal, or because all or part of an individual’s income is derived from any public assistance program. As always, manually-powered mobility aids, such as walkers, crutches, canes, braces, or other similar devices designed for use by individuals with mobility disabilities are welcome. A person who has a disability is allowed to utilize any equipment that has been designed and manufactured primarily for use by individuals who have disabilities. Examples of such equipment include but are not limited to sit-skis, monoskis, outriggers, and blind bibs. However, Telluride Ski and Golf Resort prohibits the use of any power driven devices or vehicles within the Ski Resort boundaries, including other power-driven mobility devices (“OPDMDs”) even when used by disabled individuals. The use of power driven vehicles by the public, including OPDMDs, poses a direct conflict with TSG’s legitimate safety requirements for the safe operation of its ski area. These safety concerns are compounded by large volume of ski slope and trail use at TSG. These safety requirements are based on actual risks and are not intended to be discriminatory in any way.
Summer: Telluride Ski & Golf Resort (“TSG”) prohibits discrimination in all programs and activities on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, and where applicable, sex, marital status, familial status, parental status, religion, sexual orientation, genetic information, political beliefs, reprisal, or because all or part of an individual’s income is derived from any public assistance program. As always, manually-powered mobility aids, such as walkers, crutches, canes, braces, or other similar devices designed for use by individuals with mobility disabilities are welcome. The use of any power driven devices or vehicles on trails and summer roads by the public, including other power-driven mobility devices (“OPDMDs”) used by disabled individuals, creates a substantial risk of serious harm to the immediate environment and natural resources. Due to the need to address soil integrity, erosion and vegetative concerns along with guest safety, TSG has adopted a “no motorized” policy for the public during the summer season. Additionally, TSG resides on United States Forest Service Land and any public motorized use, including the use of OPDMDs, would violate Federal land management laws and regulations, as well as the Town of Mountain Village’s Community Development Code.
Telluride Ski & Golf Paragliding Policy
Telluride Ski & Golf Resort (TSG) requires all hang gliders/paragliders at the Telluride Ski Resort to hold a valid, current Telluride Air Force (TAF) membership, as well as a current, valid United States Hangliding/Paragliding Association (USHPA) membership, and TSG further requires all hang gliders/paragliders show a USHPA membership card to any TSG personnel, upon request, prior to loading any lift or otherwise accessing a launch site on TSG land.
Commercial paragliding and/or hang gliding is prohibited at the Telluride Ski Resort, without a written agreement with TSG.
Kite skiing, traction kites, speed gliding and riding are prohibited on our mountain.
Winter: TSG allows guests who have a proper ski ticket or pass and using ski equipment to use ski lifts to access the Gold Hill launch sites when lifts are open to the public for skiing. The Milk Run launch site is closed during the winter. Paragliding equipment may be carried on the lifts, however hang gliding equipment, other than harnesses and backpacks, may not be carried on the lifts. Landing within the ski area boundary is prohibited. All pilots must have clearance through Telluride Air Force to fly off our mountain. TSG can close access for Hang Gliders and/or paragliders at any time deemed appropriate at TSG’s sole discretion. Check in with patrol before flying each day.
Summer: TSG allows access to the Gold Hill launch sites and Milk Run launch site from approximately April 15th through October 15th subject to accessibility and safety for travel along the roads. Landing within in the ski area boundary is prohibited. All pilots must have clearance through Telluride Air Force to fly off our mountain. TSG can close access for Hang Gliders and paragliders at any time deemed appropriate, at TSG’s sole discretion.
Weather Forecast
TODAY
56° Mostly Clear
TOMORROW
53° Mostly Clear
NEXT DAY
44° Mostly Clear
Connect With Us
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
blog
Trip Advisor
Email Signup
Sign up for news, updates and daily snow reports.
Email Signup input
About Telluride
Press Room
Happenings
Careers & Jobs
Partners
Contact Us
Quick Links
Online Store
Trip Insurance
Community
Environment
Guest Feedback
Base Club
Affiliates
The Peaks Resort & Spa
Telluride Resort Lodging
Inn at Lost Creek
Telluride Sports
Elevation Imaging
The Best Spots
Telluride operates in proud partnership with the US Forest Service.
Privacy Policy
|
Site Map
Copyright © 2020 Telluride Ski & Golf Resort. All Rights Reserved.