http://www.bayareacurling.com/privacy
Go this site:
About CurlingHistory of Curling
USA Curling
Arena Set-up
Rules
Etiquette
The ClubDedicated Ice
Location
Membership
History
Contact Us
2020 Board Elections & AGM
ActivitiesLeagues
Lessons
Bonspiels
Corporate & Group Events
Competitive Curling
Instructor Training
Wheelchair Curling
Juniors & University
Seniors
Try Curling!Beginner Lesson Series
Intro-to-Curling Clinics
Corporate & Group Events
RegisterBecome a Member
Intro-to-Curling Clinics
Register for Lessons
Register for Leagues
Practice Ice
Spare/Playdown Fees
Dedicated Ice
Calendar
PressArchive
Upcoming Events
full calendar »
User login
Username or e-mail: *
Password: *
Create new account
Request new password
Navigation
Volunteer!
Members Only
Board of Directors
Committees
Board Meeting Agendas & Minutes
Bylaws & Budget
Dedicated Ice Business Plan
Forums
Join our Email List
Interested in hearing about SFBACC events? Join our mailing list!
* required
Email: *
First Name:
Last Name:
Enter the letters shown above:*
Other Area Clubs
For curling in San Jose visit
Silicon Valley Curling Club
For curling in Roseville visit
Wine Country Curling Club
In the Forums
2019 Club Pins: 60th Anniversary Pin and Revised Club Classic Pin - both are $2.50 each
SFBACC Club Jackets: 2019 -New club logo
LF Curling Team
Anyone got a couple of used brooms for sale?
2nd Annual Rocky Mountain Curling Invitational
more
WE'RE MOVING!The San Francisco Bay Area Curling Club is building our own curling center in Oakland set to open in 2020. Our affiliation with Oakland Ice Center has ended. Join our mailing list to be notified when new Intro-to-Curling Clinics are announced and leagues are forming.
Interested in a corporate or group events at our new curling center? Find out more »
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy concerns and covers the San Francisco Bay Area Curling Club's (SFBACC) treatment of personally identifiable information that it collects when you are on the SFBACC website and when you use the services of the SFBACC website.
By utilizing this website, you may be invited to provide personal information to the SFBACC, including your name, email address, address, telephone number,
hometown, industry you work in, level of education and possibly other information, but are not required to do so. While on the SFBACC website your IP address, browser information, and activity may be recorded in our logs.
The SFBACC will protect your privacy and will not sell, rent or otherwise disclose any of your personally identifiable information to anyone, without your consent. However, the SFBACC will send personally identifiable information about you to other companies or people when the SFBACC has your consent to do so, the information must be shared in order to provide the service requested, or to comply with Federal or State laws or respond to legal process.
As stated under the Terms of Use, this website contains links to other websites. The SFBACC is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites and the SFBACC has no control over these sites, and therefore shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused, or alleged to be caused, by or in connection with the use or reliance on any such content available through any other website or resource.
This policy may change from time to time. If the SFBACC makes any substantive changes to the policy in the future with regard to how we use your information, those changes will be posted on the website in this location.
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Mailing List
Contact Us
©2020 San Francisco Bay Area Curling Club