http://www.stlcop.edu/policies/privacy-policy.html
Learn more about our ongoing COVID-19 response.
Policies
Website Privacy Policy
Student Consumer Information
Website Privacy Policy
Student Outcomes
Digital Millennium Copyright Act
Institutional Policy Library
Academic Catalog
Student Code and Handbook
Financial Aid Policies
Clery Act Reporting
Faculty and Staff Policies
Additional Policies
Shape the Future Through Collaborative Research
Through the research conducted by our expert faculty and within our academic and research centers, we are exploring new possibilities and creating world-class experiences for students.
MORE
Website Privacy Policy
University of Health Sciences and Pharmacy in St. Louis is committed to protecting your privacy. When the University’s site does collect personal information, it is to customize our Web services to best suit each user. The University’s web server automatically recognizes visitors' operating systems and Internet browsers and records usage of pages. This information helps us further improve the content and design of the University’s site and helps diagnose problems with our server.
Registration, payment and restricted access pages may ask for personally identifiable information. We may use the personal information you provide to fulfill your requests, process a payment, respond to your inquiries or notify you of changes or inquiries. We also may use your information to update our internal contact systems.
Some of the University’s Web pages might use cookies to recognize you and your access privileges on the site. These cookies are stored on your personal computer.
This website uses the Lotame DMP Platform to collect demographic and interest-based data via the use of cookies, pixel tags, and other technologies for advertising efforts. Lotame analyzes the information it collects and receives, and organizes it into user groups and audiences, based on factors such as age, gender, geography, interests, and online actions. To learn more about the data Lotame collects or exercise your right to know, delete, and opt-out of sale, call 314.367.8700, or refer to the Lotame Privacy Manager Tool.
The University has the appropriate systems in place to ensure the information we collect online is properly used, the database is secure and unauthorized access is safeguarded. By using the site, visitors agree to abide by the federal copyright laws and all other applicable laws of the United States and the policies of University of Health Sciences and Pharmacy in St. Louis.
The University will not sell or rent your information. In some cases, however, the University will share information with third parties to the extent that it is reasonably necessary to fulfill user agreements regarding the delivery of services, comply with law, or to protect the safety, property or rights of University of Health Sciences and Pharmacy in St. Louis applicants, students, alumni, staff or faculty.
In The News
View More
Honoring a Family Legacy
Through the relationships they built while attending the Scholarship Awards Dinner with their cousin, Mike and Janice Spathelf developed a lasting connection to the University and the mission to support students through scholarships.
View More
University of Health Sciences and Pharmacy in St. Louis Researchers Published in the Journal of Medicinal Chemistry
UHSP researchers recently co-published a paper in the Journal of Medicinal Chemistry highlighting their work to uncover a compound that could play a key role in the future development of alternative therapeutics for pain management.
Ready to Get Started
We're here to help you take the next step. We can't wait to welcome you to UHSP.