http://www.wprfc.org/privacy-policy
Home
Divider
Sponsors
Divider
Social
Home
About
Mission
Club History
Recruiting
Sponsorship
Teams
Premier Rugby
Premier Standings
Division 3 Standings
Wombats XIII
Rugby Sevens
Women's Rugby
Old Boys Rugby
Youth Rugby
Coaches
News
WPRFC NEWS
CALENDAR
Fixtures & Results
Warpig Profiles
Shop
Sponsorship
Sustaining Membership
JoJo
Youth Rugby
Free Youth Clinic
Youth Clinic Series
Youth Teams
Youth FAQ
Contact
Privacy PolicyWhite Plains Rugby Football Club Inc. recognizes and respects the privacy of users of this Web site. When you choose to provide us with information about yourself, White Plains Rugby Football Club Inc. will act in a responsible manner. White Plains Rugby Football Club Inc. may store and disclose personal information as allowed or required by applicable law, including making disclosures that are necessary or advisable to (i) protect the rights, safety or property of White Plains Rugby Football Club Inc. or others and (b) conform to legal or regulatory requirements. Without your express approval, however, White Plains Rugby Football Club Inc. will not trade, sell or rent your personal information but may collect and/or provide aggregate statistics about its Web site and users to other parties. White Plains Rugby Football Club Inc. has no intention of collecting any personal data from individuals under 13 years of age. When you view certain parts of the Web site, information may be stored on your computer. This information may be in the form of a "Cookie" or similar file and will permit tailoring of the Web site to better match your interests and/or preferences. This site, however, contains links to other Web sites and White Plains Rugby Football Club Inc. does not control the privacy policies of those sites. See Linking. This privacy statement only applies to information collected and maintained by White Plains Rugby Football Club Inc.Linking. As a convenience, this Web site contains links to other sites that are not controlled by, or affiliated or associated with, White Plains Rugby Football Club Inc.. Accordingly, White Plains Rugby Football Club Inc. does not make any representations concerning the privacy practices or terms of use of such sites, nor does White Plains Rugby Football Club Inc. control or guarantee the accuracy, integrity, or quality of the information, data, text, software, music, sound, photographs, graphics, video, messages or other materials available on such sites. The inclusion or exclusion does not imply any endorsement by White Plains Rugby Football Club Inc. of the site, the site's provider, or the information on the site.Governing Law. The internal laws of the State of New York, without reference to any choice of law provisions, shall govern any claims relating to the Web site or to the materials on it.White Plains Rugby Football Club Inc. may revise these Terms and Conditions at any time. Revisions will be posted on this "Terms of Use" page and users are responsible for reviewing the page from time to time to ensure compliance.Usage Restrictions. In accessing this Web site, you agree that you will not (i) copy or duplicate any software accessible through the White Plains Rugby Football Club Inc. Web site; (ii) decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer or otherwise attempt to obtain or perceive the source code from which any such software is compiled or interpreted, and you acknowledge that your access to this Web site shall not be construed to grant you any right to obtain or use such source code; (iii) modify any software, information, or images accessible through this Web site or create any derivative product from any of the foregoing, except with the prior written consent of White Plains Rugby Football Club Inc.; iv) assign, sublicense, sell, resell, lease, rent or otherwise transfer or convey, or pledge as security or otherwise encumber, your rights to access this Web site under any licenses granted by White Plains Rugby Football Club Inc., except with the prior written consent of White Plains Rugby Football Club Inc.; or (v) use any feature of this Web site for any illegal or improper purpose, including, without limitation, the sending of unsolicited, harassing or slanderous messages or any other activity that threatens the integrity or performance of any other person's or entity's computer system or violates generally accepted standards of Internet usage. You are responsible for ensuring that your use of software, information and images obtained through your access to this Website complies with all applicable laws.
First Name
Last Name
Email Address
Sign Up
We respect your privacy!
Thank you!
Cart (0)