http://www.discoverseabrook.com/privacy-policy-club/
Seabrook Club Privacy Policy
The purpose of the statement is to inform users of this site with regard to the collection and use of personally identifiable information.
Definition of Personally Identifiable Information
For the purposes of this statement “personally identifiable information” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual who is the subject of the information.
Personally Identifiable Information Not Routinely Collected
Users do not have to routinely provide personal information to visit Seabrook Island web sites or to download information. Seabrook Island may request personally identifiable information from you in order to provide requested specialized services, but such information is handled as it would be on an in-person visit to a government office.
Personally Identifiable Information Available From Seabrook Island Web Site
The IP (Internet Protocol) numbers of computers (servers) used to visit this site are noted as part of our statistical analysis on use of our web sites so we may better design services and improve access to them. However, the site does not attempt to gain personally identifiable information on individual users and associate them with IP addresses.
Use of User E-mail Addresses
E-mail addresses obtained as a result of a request to the Seabrook Island site will not be sold or given to other private companies for marketing purposes. The information collected is subject to the access and confidentiality provisions of state law. E-mail or other information requests sent to the Seabrook Island web site may be maintained in order to respond to the request, forward that request to the appropriate person(s), communicate updates to the city page that may be of interest to users, or to provide the city web designer with valuable customer feedback to assist in improving the site. Individuals will be provided with the ability “opt out” at anytime of any communications regarding new service updates.
Data Security and Quality
We are committed to data security and the data quality of personally identifiable information that is either available from or collected by the Seabrook Island web site, and have taken reasonable precautions to protect personally identifiable information from loss, misuse or alteration. Any third parties responsible for this information are committed to the same principles, and also are required by contract to follow the same policies and guidelines as the state of South Carolina in protecting this information. Unless otherwise prohibited by state or federal law, rule or regulation the individual is granted the ability to access and correct personally identifiable information whether or not the information inaccuracy was accidental or by created unauthorized access.
Google Remarketing
We use 3rd party vendor re-marketing tracking cookies, including the Google Ads tracking cookie. This means we may show our ads to you across the internet, specifically on the Google Search & Display Network. As always we respect your privacy and are not collecting any identifiable information through the use of Google’s or any other 3rd party remarketing system.
The third-party vendors, including Google, whose services we use – will place cookies on web browsers in order to serve ads based on past visits to our website. – Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to your website. This allows us to make special offers and continue to market our services to those who have shown interest in our service.
Facebook Pixel
A Facebook Pixel is a tiny piece of java script code that we have incorporated into each of our web pages. This piece of code provides a series of functions for transmitting application-specific events and user-defined data to Facebook. We use pixels to record information about the way visitors use our website. For this reason, each of our web pages contains a remarketing pixel. This pixel records information about the user’s browser sessions, which it sends to Facebook, along with a hashed version of the Facebook ID and the URL viewed. Every Facebook user has a unique, device-independent Facebook ID that allows us to address and recognize users across a range of devices using the Facebook social network, so that we can address our visitors for commercial purposes using Facebook Ads.
Non Seabrook Island Web Sites
Various web sites may be linked through Seabrook Island’s web site. Many of these sites, including private sector sites, are not subject to the laws governing the Seabrook Island web sites. Visitors to those sites are advised to check the privacy statements of these sites and be cautious about providing personally identifiable information without a clear understanding of how the information will be used. Visitors may also want to consult privacy guidelines such as those recommended by the Online Privacy Alliance.
By registering you are opting in to receive newsletters, e-mail offers and updates. We do not share e-mail addresses with third parties. All e-mails will come from Seabrook Island.
If you have any questions regarding this privacy policy or would like to be removed from our e-mail list you may contact us.
Please Sign In
×
This is required
Create an Account
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.