http://www.whufc.com/footer/pages/cookie-policy
Skip to main content
Cookie Policy
West Ham United Football Club’s website use cookies in their operation in a number of areas.  By continuing to browse our websites, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.a. What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small file of data, often incorporating a unique identifier that is transferred to your device browser from a website's computer.  A cookie cannot read data off a user's hard drive or read cookie files created by other websites.  The use of cookies is an industry standard that can be found on most major websites. For in-depth information regarding cookies, please visit www.aboutcookies.org
This data file stores the information you provide us with and in doing so enables us to amongst other things 'remember' you on either for the duration of your visit (session cookies) or for repeat visits (persistent cookies). Furthermore, this small file of data keeps you logged in as you move around the website, effectively letting you move around the website without having to keep reintroducing yourself.  This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to continually improve our website.
We use cookies to track user trends and patterns, which enables us to understand and improve areas of our websites that fans find valuable.  These cookies are also used to provide more personalised services to you on our website and through other media.  Cookies record information about your online preferences, which are then used to tailor our website to your individual preferences.
Most browsers accept cookies automatically, but you can set your browser to prevent this.  If your browser's preferences allow it, each website or third party service provider is able to send a cookie to your browser.
We reserve the right to modify or amend the use of cookies at any time and for any reason.  Any changes to the use of cookies posted on our websites apply as soon as they are posted.  By continuing to use our websites after any changes are posted, user, users acknowledge acceptance of those changes.b. How do we use cookies?
We use an independent measurement, advertising and research company called Criteo, which is a co-data controller alongside us, to collect data using cookies. This means that our privacy policy applies in respect of all of your personal information that we collect and use. Additionally, Criteo gather information regarding the visitors to our websites using cookies, log file data and code embedded on our websites.  We use this type of information to help improve the services it provides to its users; however, we demand that third parties (including Criteo) do not use any of this type of information for their own business or other purposes, and that they comply in full with their data protection requirements under the GDPR (please see our privacy policy for more information regarding .
We do not accept any responsibility or liability for the privacy practices of such third party websites and your use of such websites is at your own risk.
We use the following types of cookies:1. Strictly necessary cookies.  These are cookies that are required for the operation of our websites.  They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website and make purchases if required.2. Analytical/performance cookies.  They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our websites.  This helps us to improve the way our websites work, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.3. Functionality cookies.  These are used to recognise you when you return to our websites.  This enables us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
4. Targeting cookies.  These cookies record your visit to our websites, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed.  We will use this information to make our websites and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests.  We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.
You can find more information about the individual cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them on the next page.
5. Retargeting cookies. These record the same types of information as above but display Club advertising once you have left the Club website.
c. How to reject cookies?
If you wish to restrict or block the cookies we use on our websites you can do this within your browser settings.  The Help function within your browser should tell you how to do this.  For more information about how to change your browser settings please see: www.aboutcookies.org.