https://www.nhl.com/predators/fordicecenter/privacy-policy
Skip to Main Content
The Official Site of the Nashville Predators
Schedules
Schedules
Antioch Schedule
Bellevue Schedule
Skating
Skating
Public Skate Info
Learn To Skate
Birthday Parties
Fundraisers
Homeschool Skate
Sign Skating Waiver
Figure Skating
Figure Skating
Freestyle Sessions
Advanced Classes
All Camps & Clinics
Dreams Begin Here
Coaching Staff
Guest Coach Policy
Freestyle Etiquette And Safety
Scott Hamilton Skating Club
Adult Camps & Clinics
Scott Hamilton Invitational
SHSA's Holiday Show
Synchronized Skating
Learn to Skate
Learn to Skate
Learn to Skate
Go Skate!
Camps & Clinics
Levels
How To: Learn to Skate
Membership Details
Scott's All Stars
Private Lesson Request
Dreams Begin Here
SHSA Holiday Show
Adult Hockey
Adult Recreational Hockey
Adult League
League Standings, Schedule
Adult League Feedback
Adult League Policies (PDF)
Adult Open Hockey
Open Hockey: Breakfast Club
Smashville Adult Hockey Camp
Adult Learn to Play
Hockey Coaches
Private Lesson: Coach Registration
Hockey Classes
Stick Time
Youth Hockey
Youth House League Hockey
Youth House League
League Schedule: Antioch
League Schedule: Bellevue
GOAL: Get Out And Learn
Little Preds Learn to Play
PREDecessor
Preds Girls Hockey
Preds Development Program
Advanced Program
Select Travel Hockey
JV Program
Preds All Stars
Preds Hockey School
Hockey Holidays
Hockey Classes
Stick Time
Hockey Coaches
Private Lesson: Coach Registration
Curling
Tournaments
Tournaments
Camps & Tournaments
Hockey Heroes Cup
Honky Tonk Showdown (June 18-21)
SECHC Playoffs (Feb. 8-10)
PREDSidents Day Classic
Amenities
Amenities
Book a Birthday Party
Draft Picks Restaurant & Bar
Curling
Holiday Parties
LiveBarn Streaming
Concessions
Perani's Hockey World
Sani Sport
Expert Skate Sharpening
Hotel Partners
Ford Ice Center Policies
More Information
Predators
Ford Ice Centers
Privacy Policy
This Policy was last updated on Sept. 3, 2020. INTRODUCTION Mid-Ice, LLC, which is responsible for managing and operating Ford Ice Center, (also referred to herein as "we," "us," and "our") is committed to protecting the privacy and security of the personal information we collect, use, share and otherwise process as part of our business. We are committed to informing you about how we treat identifiable information relating to individuals ("personal information"). We have established this Privacy Policy to inform you about the privacy practices that we apply to personal information for the activities listed below. PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY TO UNDERSTAND HOW WE TREAT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION AND WHAT CHOICES AND RIGHTS YOU HAVE IN THIS REGARD. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS POLICY, YOU SHOULD NOT ACCESS OR USE THE SITE OR ENGAGE IN COMMUNICATIONS WITH US CONCERNING OUR SERVICES. WHAT PROCESSING ACTIVITIES ARE COVERED?  This Privacy Policy applies to personal information we collect when you: Visit our websites, www.nhl.com/predators/fordicecenter or https://fordicecenter.maxgalaxy.net/   (collectively, the "Site"); Receive electronic communications from us, including emails and social media messaging; and Request information from us online via the Site.Active Network, our third-party vendor, operates https://fordicecenter.maxgalaxy.net/ on our behalf. To view Active Network's privacy policy, please visit: https://www.activenetwork.com/information/privacy-policy. WHO IS RESPONSIBLE FOR YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?We are responsible for implementing the applicable data protection principles and for safeguarding the personal information you provide to us through our Site. If you are a user in the European Union (the "EU") or European Economic Area ("EEA"), for purposes of the EU General Data Protection Regulation, 2016/679 (the "GDPR"), we act as a data controller with respect to the personal information we collect from you, including via cookies and other similar technologies on https://fordicecenter.maxgalaxy.net/, which are discussed in the "Cookies and Similar Technologies" section of this Policy. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?  We may collect and process the following personal information from you for the purposes set forth below:
Category
Types of Data and Purpose
Contact Information
When you visit the Site, register for events or programs with us, or request our services, we may ask you for your name, address, telephone number, fax number, email address, or other contact details in order to respond to your request or inquiry. This enables us to improve our relationship and communication with you and to offer you goods and services which may be of interest or benefit to you.
Business Information
When you seek services from us in the course of contractual or customer relationships between you, your organization, and us, we collect business contact information, including your job title and company's name, and other personal information in order to provide you with the services you have requested.
User Account Information
In order to access and use certain features of the Site, you must first complete a registration and create a user account. When you create an account or register with us, we collect your first and last names; preferred language; date of birth; gender; grade level; mailing address, city, county, state, and zip code; residency status; phone number; health notes; emergency contact name; emergency contact phone number; school; neighborhood; USFS expiration date; USFS member number; IGF-Go Skate! Member Number; Cnvt Person; email address; password; and family member names. This information is required to enable us to provide you the account you have requested and to maintain the account and your profile. You may update your account information by editing your account information on the Site.
Cookies and Similar Technologies
When you visit the portion of the Site hosted on www.nhl.com/predators/fordicecenter, we, the National Hockey League (NHL), and other third parties may place cookies and use similar technologies in connection with the nhl.com domain. We, therefore, do not control all of the cookies or similar technologies that are used. For more information regarding the NHL's privacy practices, please see the NHL's Privacy Policy or contact the NHL at Privacy, NHL Enterprises, L.P., 1185 Avenue of the Americas, New York, NY 10036.   When you visit the portion of the Site hosted on https://fordicecenter.maxgalaxy.net/, we collect cookies to enhance your experience, gather general visitor information, and track visits to the Site, all in order to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience on the Site, to improve our marketing efforts, and for usage analytics purposes (e.g. page response times, download errors, length of visit, webpages visited, etc.). Please see the "Cookies and Similar Technologies" section of this Policy for more information. If you choose to disable cookies and similar technologies, some areas and features of the Site may not work properly.
Automated Information
When you visit the Site, the National Hockey League (NHL), and other third parties may automatically collect information from your browser or your mobile device, which includes the date and time of your visit, your Internet Protocol (IP) address or unique device identifier, domain server, your browser type, access time, cookies, and data about which pages you visit in order to allow us to operate and provide the Site and our services. This information is used to understand how you interact with the Site and to provide you with advertising and a more personalized experience. To learn more about our collection of technical data, please see the "Cookies and Similar Technologies" section of this Policy.
Your Communications
When you communicate with us, we may retain your communications in order to process and respond to them, as well as to improve our services. We may use your email address to communicate with you about our events and services or send you periodic emails if you opt-in to receiving emails when you register your account. If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you may unsubscribe using the link at the bottom of each email.
Location Information
When you use the Site, we may collect information about your location and use of the Site, including your interaction with advertising and analytics services on the Site, in order to (a) serve you the content and functionality you request, and (b) maintain the privacy and security of the Site and services. Location information collected may include your Internet Protocol (IP) address and unique device identifier.
Email Interconnectivity
If you receive email communications from us, we may use certain tools to capture data related to if/when you open our message and if/when you click on any links or banners it contains. Other information collected through this email tracking feature includes: your email address, the date and time of your "click" on the email, a message number, the name of the list from which the message was sent, a tracking URL number, and a destination page. We use this information to enhance our marketing efforts.
Mailing Lists
When you sign up for one of our mailing lists, we collect your contact information, including your email address and first and last names. We use this information to contact you about events and services that may be of interest to you.
Sensitive Personal Information
We may collect information regarding your racial or ethnic origin, gender, citizenship status, genetic data, biometric data, health information, and financial information. We will collect this sensitive personal information with your express consent or as otherwise permitted by applicable law.
Third Party Information
In addition to the information that we collect from you directly, we may also receive information about you from other sources, including third parties, business partners, our affiliates, or publicly-available sources.
Financial and Payment Information
If you choose to purchase services from or register for events with us, we collect your name, mailing address, city, state, zip code, telephone number, credit card number, security code, expiration date, and other billing information necessary to process payments. By submitting your payment card information, you expressly consent to the sharing of your information with our third-party payment processers and other third-party services (including but not limited to vendors who provide fraud detection services to us and other third parties).
Contact Us - Request More Information
If you choose to contact us via the Request More Information form on the Site, we will collect your first and last names, mailing address, city, state, zip code, home telephone number, cellular telephone number, email address, whether you would like to receive emails from us, and the programs about which you would like to receive information so that we can receive and respond to you request. If you request support, we may request that you provide additional information relevant to the support requested. This information helps us direct your request and respond more quickly to your needs.
Employment Positions
If you apply for a job or become an employee, we collect personal information necessary to process your application or employment. To create an account for employment applications, we collect your first and last names, email address, password, and telephone number in order to create and maintain the account you have requested. In the application, we collect information including, among other things, your contact information, emergency contact information, your social security number, employment history, educational history, skills, and competencies.
Release and Waiver Form
If you execute our Release and Waiver form online, we will collect the participant's name; the participant's guardian's name (if participant is under 18); the city, county, and state in which the form is executed; the date of execution; the email address and phone number of the individual completing the form; and the participant's age (if under 18).
Social Media Engagements
When you engage with any of the social media platforms under our management, or the management of our corporate subsidiaries and affiliates, we will collect and aggregate the personal information that is tied to your account (for example, your name, username, email address, and location) and your engagement with us, including all content, messages, and information that you provide to us. We may also utilize a chatbot when responding to direct messages from you. We aggregate and use the information collected to develop and improve our services and marketing efforts and to contact you about events and services that may be of interest to you.
Event Registrations
If you register for an event with us, we will collect your first and last names, street address, city, state, zip code, telephone number, email address and date of birth. If the participant is a minor, we also collect parent/guardian's first and last names and contact information. We collect this information in order to register your participation and to carry out the event.
League/Competition Registrations
If you register for an event with us, we will collect the participant's first and last names, team name, street address, city, state, zip code, telephone number, email address, position, level of experience, and date of birth in order to complete the registration that you have requested. If the participant is a minor, we also collect parent/guardian's first and last names and contact information. We collect this information in order to register your participation and to carry out the event.
Adult League Player Feedback
If you elect to contact us via the Adult League Player Feedback form on the Site, we will collect your first and last names, email address, telephone number, the name of the league in which you participate, the type of inquiry you would like to submit, the date and time of the incident, and the other comments that you choose to provide about the incident. This information helps us respond to your feedback.
NPAHA Hockey Scholarship Application
If you apply for a scholarship via the Site, we will collect the participant's first and last names; the participant's date of birth; the parent/guardian's first and last names; the parent/guardian's mailing address, city, state, zip code; the parent/guardian's telephone number; the parent/guardian's email address; the participant's USA Hockey Registration Number; the participant's age division; the desired season for the scholarship; the type of scholarship requested; an essay prepared by the participant; a letter of recommendation regarding the participant; a description of how the scholarship with positively affect the participant's family; and whether rental equipment is required. We collect this information in order to assess and award the scholarships for which you apply.
COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES A "cookie" is a small file created by a web server that can be stored on a user's device for use either during a particular browsing session (a "session" cookie) or a future browsing session (a "persistent" cookie). This file is set by the site or its service provider, and it is transferred to your computer's hard drive through your web browser (if you allow). Cookies enable the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. The information collected may include information about your Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), domain server, type of computer, type of web browser, URLs of any referring or exited webpages, operating system, and/or date and time stamps. We use cookies as outlined below and to help compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.  First-Party Cookies - Description First-party cookies are set by the website you are visiting, and they can only be read by that site. Certain features of our Site use session, persistent, and/or flash cookies as outlined in the table below. "Session" cookies are temporarily stored on your hard drive and only last until they expire at the end of your browsing session or after a set time period. "Permanent" cookies remain stored on a user's hard drive until they expire or are deleted by a user. Local stored objects (or "flash" cookies) are used to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from, and on a website. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as browser cookies. To learn how you can manage your Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page on Adobe's website. Third Party Cookies - Description You also may encounter third-party cookies on the Site, as outlined in the table below. Third Party Cookies are cookies that are stored on your web browser by a party other than us and may gather browsing activity (such as information you have entered or choices you have made) across numerous websites that you visit and across numerous browsing sessions. These cookies also help us to improve how the Site and services function and perform, to customize your interaction with the Site, and to provide more relevant messaging and marketing communications to you. We are currently using third- party cookies to track and analyze usage, as outlined in the table below. If you wish to delete Third Party Cookies, you should adjust your browser settings as described in the "Rights and Choices about How We Use and Disclose Your Information" section of this Policy. Similar Technologies - Description In addition to cookies, there are other automatic data collection technologies, such as Internet tags, web beacons (clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs), and navigational data collection (log files, server logs, etc.) that can be used to collect data as users navigate through and interact with the Site: Web beacons: These are tiny graphics (sometimes called "clear GIFs" or "web pixels") with unique identifiers that are used to understand browsing activity. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user's computer hard drive, web beacons are rendered invisible on web pages when you open a page.
Social Widgets: These are buttons or icons provided by third-party social media providers that allow you to interact with social media services when you view a web page or mobile app screen. These social widgets may collect browsing data, which may be received by the third party that provided the widget and are controlled by third parties.
UTM Codes: These are strings that can appear in a URL (the "Uniform Resource Locator," which is typically the http or https address entered to go to a web page) when a user moves from one web page or website to another, where the string can represent information about browsing, such as which advertisement, page, or publisher sent the user to the receiving website.  The aggregate data collected by these passive technologies typically does not target any personal information, but personal information may be linked to information stored in and obtained through these technologies in order to improve our marketing, analytics, or website functionality. What Cookies and Similar Technologies Are In Use and Why Do We Use Them?As detailed below, we use cookies on https://fordicecenter.maxgalaxy.net/ to enable certain website functions, develop web browsing analytics, store and track your preferences, and enable the delivery of advertising and marketing, when applicable. For example, we may track the number of "hits" or visits to the Site, the most popular times of day and sections visited, and the range of devices and browsers most commonly used to view the Site. We do not currently use other similar data collection technologies (internet tags, web beacons, pixels, etc.) on https://fordicecenter.maxgalaxy.net/.
Domain
Cookie
Purpose
fordicecenter.maxgalaxy.com
ASP.NET_SessionID
To establish a secure session each time the user interface is accessed
fordicecenter.maxgalaxy.com
BIGipServer~maxgalaxy~maxgalaxy_lvprod_leg_http
To allow a secure session to be created through a load balancing server
fordicecenter.maxgalaxy.com
MWI
To address the security of the Site
Other Third-Party Technologies Some third parties may use automated data collection technologies to collect information about you when you when you browse the Internet. The information they collect about your online browsing activities over time and across different websites and other online services may be associated with your personal information and used to provide you with targeted content. We do not control these third parties' technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about targeted content, you should contact the responsible party directly or consult their privacy policies. Choices About Cookies We provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us, and we have created ways to give you control over our use of your information. Most web browsers are set by default to accept cookies. If you do not wish to receive cookies, you may set your browser to refuse all or some types of cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent by website tracking technologies and advertising. Note that, if you decline the use of cookies, you may not have access to the full benefits of the Site. You may adjust your browser settings to opt out of accepting a "persistent" cookie and to only accept "session" cookies, but you will need to log in each time you want to enjoy the full functionality of the Site. Please be aware that adjusting the Cookie Settings on the Site may not fully delete all of the cookies that have already been created. To delete them, visit your web browser settings after you have changed your Cookie Settings on the Site. Additional information is provided below about how to disable cookies or manage the cookie settings for some of the leading web browser providers: Google Chrome: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=enFirefox: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferencesInternet Explorer: http://windows.microsoft.com/en-GB/windows-vista/Block-or-allow-cookiesSafari: http://help.apple.com/safari/mac/8.0/#/sfri11471 For more information on how to modify your browser settings to block or filter cookies, visit http://www.aboutcookies.org/ or http://www.cookiecentral.com/faq/. You may learn more about internet advertising practices and related consumer resources at this link, this link, and this link. HOW WE USE PERSONAL INFORMATION We collect and use the types of personal information listed above in an effort to operate our business, to improve your experience on the Site, to provide services to you, and to communicate with you about the information you have requested. We may also use personal information to help target specific offers to you and to help us develop and improve the Site and our events and services. Additionally, we may use your personal information in the following ways: To provide you with the services you have requested and to manage our relationship with you, including administering your account, processing payments, accounting, auditing, billing and collection, and taking other steps necessary to the performance of our business relationship with you; To present and improve the Site's content and functionality; To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs); To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs); To respond to visitor, subscriber, and customer inquiries; To determine user interests, needs, and preferences; To provide notice of changes to the Site or the services we offer or provide through it; To deliver services to you;
To provide you with access to publications such as our newsletter; To comply with your instructions; To conduct research and analysis; To improve our events and services; To develop new events and services; To manage and maintain the security of the Site and our services; To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature (We may periodically run a contest, sweepstakes, or survey relating to the Site. When we run a contest or sweepstakes relating to the Site, it will be accompanied by a set of rules. The rules for each contest/sweepstakes will specify how the information gathered from you for entry will be used and disclosed.); To market our services and events to you or to send you information about our company, including our affiliates, or events or services that may be of interest to you, or to contact you when necessary. We will only provide you with marketing-related information after you have, where legally required to do so, opted in to receive those communications and having provided you with the opportunity to opt-out of such communications at any time;
To comply with our legal and compliance obligations, including maintaining records, performing compliance audits, etc.; For insurance purposes; To exercise and defend our legal rights, or to comply with court orders; For any other purpose related to and/or ancillary to any of the purposes and uses described in this Policy for which your personal information was provided to us; Pursuant to your consent; In any other way we may describe when you provide the information; For any other purpose to which you have consented or for which we have a legal basis under law; and To send periodic emails, including information and updates pertaining to your account.We may process your personal information in connection with any of the purposes and uses set out in this Policy on one or more of the following legal grounds: Because it is necessary to perform the services you have requested or to comply with your instructions or other contractual obligations between you and us; To comply with our legal obligations as well as to keep records of our compliance processes;
Because our legitimate interests, or those of a third party recipient of your personal information, make the processing necessary, provided those interests are not overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms;
Because it is necessary to protect your vital interests;
Because it is necessary in the public interest; or Because you have expressly given us your consent to process your personal information in a particular manner.We do not use your personal information for making any automated decisions affecting or creating profiles other than as described above. Is entry of personal information required? You may choose not to provide us with any personal information, and you may still access and use much of the Site. Some pages on the Site may give you the option of providing certain of your personal information about yourself. However, you will not be able to access any portions of the Site that require your personal information. If you want to change any information about yourself that you have submitted, you may contact us via the contact methods listed at the end of this Policy. SHARING AND DISCLOSING OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION  We may share your information in the following contexts, where permitted by law:
Category
Disclosure Contexts
Affiliates, Subsidiaries and Acquisitions
We may share your personal information with our corporate subsidiaries and affiliates, other members of the NHL Family, and with their respective officers, directors, employees, accountants, attorneys and agents. Please see the NHL's privacy policy at NHL.com for more information, including about your choices to opt out of NHL marketing. In addition, we may disclose your personal information in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our company assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us about the Site's users is among the assets transferred. For example, if another company acquires us, we will share your personal information with that company. For purposes of this Privacy Policy, "NHL Family" means the NHL and each of its respective affiliates.
Disclosures With Your Consent
We may ask if you would like us to share your personal information with other unaffiliated third parties who are not described elsewhere in this Policy. We will only disclose your personal information in this context with your consent.
Disclosures Without Your Consent
We may disclose your personal information in response to subpoenas, warrants, court orders or other legal process, or to comply with relevant laws. We may also share your personal information in order to establish or exercise our legal rights, to defend against a legal claim, to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding possible illegal activities, suspected fraud, safety of person or property.
Third Parties
We may provide personal information about you to third parties, including partners, event organizers and promoters, and others that may offer products, events, or services specifically requested by you or that we think may be of interest to you.
Service Providers
We may share your personal information with our service providers that need access to your information to provide operational or other support services on our behalf. Among other things, service providers may help us to administer the Site; support our provision of services requested by you; provide technical support; perform modeling and analytics; send marketing, promotions and communications to you about our services or events; provide payment processing; and assist with other legitimate purposes permitted by law.
Aggregated Data
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any specific individual, such as groupings of demographic data and customer preferences, for new product and marketing development.
HOW LONG DO WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?  We will retain your personal information as needed to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected. We will retain and use your personal information as long as necessary to comply with our business requirements and legal obligations, to resolve disputes, to protect our assets, to provide our services, and to enforce our agreements.  When we no longer have a purpose to retain your personal information, we will securely destroy your personal information in accordance with applicable law and our policies. We take reasonable steps to delete the personal information we collect if your registration to use the Site lapses and you opt out of receiving further communications from us, or if you ask us to delete your information, unless we determine that doing so would violate our existing, legitimate legal, regulatory, dispute resolution, contractual, or similar obligations. To the extent permitted by law, we may retain and use anonymous and aggregated information for performance reporting, benchmarking, and analytic purposes and for product and service improvement. HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION? We have put security measures in place to protect the personal information that you share with us from being accidentally lost, used, altered, or disclosed or accessed in an unauthorized manner. From time to time, we review our security procedures to consider appropriate new technology and methods. We use a secure server. We do not store or save your financial information. When you send confidential financial account information, such as credit card numbers, to us through the Site, the transmission is protected through the use of encryption such as the Transport Layer Security (TLS) protocol. While our security measures seek to protect your personal information in our possession, no security system is perfect, and no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to or from our Site, and you do so at your own risk. We cannot promise that your personal information will remain absolutely secure in all circumstances. The safety and security of your personal information also depends on you. Where you use a password for access to restricted parts of the Site, you are responsible for keeping the password confidential. Do not share your password with anyone.If a security breach causes an unauthorized intrusion into our Site or systems that compromises your data, we will notify you and any applicable regulator when we are required to do so by applicable law. RIGHTS AND CHOICES ABOUT HOW WE USE AND DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATION Please use the Contact Us details at the end of this Policy to exercise your rights and choices under this Policy. If you would like to manage, change, limit, or delete your personal information or if you no longer want to receive any email, postal mail, or telephone contact from us or our affiliates in the future, such requests may be submitted via the Contact Us details at the end of this Policy. Email Opt-Out. If you no longer wish to receive communications from us via email, you may opt-out by clicking the "unsubscribe" link available at the bottom of our email communications or by contacting us at privacyinfo@mid-ice.com and providing your full name, mailing address, phone number, and email address so that we may identify you in the opt-out process. Once we receive your instruction, we will promptly take corrective action. Cookies. You may be able to set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of the Site may then be inaccessible or not function properly. For more information on how to modify your browser settings to block or filter cookies, visit http://www.aboutcookies.org/ or http://www.cookiecentral.com/faq/. You may learn more about internet advertising practices and related consumer resources at http://www.aboutads.info/consumers/, http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices, and http://youronlinechoices.eu/. Updating Your Personal Information. If any of the personal information you have provided to us changes, please let us know. For instance, if your email address changes, you may wish to cancel any request you have made of us; or, if you become aware of inaccurate personal information about you, you may use the "Contact Us" details provided at the end of this Policy to update your information. You may also edit your account details if you have a user account through the Site. We are not responsible for any losses arising from any inaccurate, inauthentic, deficient or incomplete personal data that you provide to us. Right of Access. If required by law (e.g. under the GDPR), upon request, we will grant reasonable access to the personal information that we hold about you. Accuracy. Our goal is to keep your personal information accurate, current, and complete. Please contact us if you believe your information is not accurate or if it changes. Right to Object. In certain circumstances, if permitted under applicable law, you have the right to object to processing of your personal information and to ask us to erase or restrict our use of your personal information. If you would like us to stop using your personal information, please contact us, and we will let you know if we are able to agree to your request. Right to Erasure and Deletion of Your Personal Information. You may have a legal right (for instance, if you are located in the EU or EEA under the GDPR) to request that we delete your personal information when it is no longer necessary for the purposes for which it was collected, or when, among other things, your personal information has been unlawfully processed. All deletion requests should be sent to the address noted in the "Contact Us" section of this Policy, and we will fulfill requests to the extent required by applicable law. If you would like us to delete your personal information, please contact us, and we will let you know if we are able to agree to your request. We may decide to delete your personal information if we believe it is incomplete, inaccurate, or that our continued storage of your personal information is contrary to our legal obligations or business objectives. When we delete personal information, it will be removed from our active servers and databases as well as the Site; but, it may remain in our archives when it is not practical or possible to delete it. We may also retain your personal information as needed to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, or enforce any agreements. Right to Withdraw Consent. If you have provided your consent to the collection, processing, and transfer of your personal information, you may have the right to fully or partially withdraw your consent. To withdraw your consent, please notify us using the information in the "Contact Us" section of this Policy, or you may follow opt-out links on any marketing communications sent to you. Once we have received notice that you have withdrawn your consent, in whole or in part, we will no longer process your information for the purpose(s) to which you originally consented and have since withdrawn unless there are compelling legitimate grounds for further processing that override your interests, rights and freedoms or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims. Withdrawal of consent to receive marketing communications will not affect the processing of personal information for the provision of our services. Right to Complain. If you believe that your rights relating to your personal information have been violated, you have a right to lodge a complaint with the applicable enforcement authority, or seek a remedy through the courts. You may also lodge a complaint with us by contacting us using the information provided in the "Contact Us" section of this Policy. Online Tracking. We do not currently recognize browser settings or signals of tracking preferences, which may include "Do Not Track" instructions. "Do Not Track" is a web browser setting that seeks to disable the tracking of individual users' browsing activities. We adhere to the standards set out in this Policy and do not currently respond to "Do Not Track" signals on the Site or on third-party websites or online services where we may collect information. California Residents. Under California Civil Code Section 1798.83, California residents who provide personal information in obtaining products or services for personal, family, or household use may be entitled to request and obtain from us once a calendar year information about the information we shared, if any, with other businesses for direct marketing uses. At present, we do not share your personal information with third parties for those third parties' direct marketing purposes. Please be aware that not all information sharing is covered by the "Shine the Light" requirements and only information on covered sharing, if any, will be included in our response. As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our site may make any changes to their information at any time by contacting us at privacyinfo@mid-ice.com. Nevada Residents. Effective October 1, 2019, you may submit a verified request to us at privacyinfo@mid-ice.com to request that we not make any sale (as defined under Nevada law) of any covered information (as defined under Nevada law) that we have collected or will collect about you. We will respond to any such request as required by Nevada law. European Union or European Economic Area Residents. If you are located in the EU or EEA and believe we have not processed your personal information in accordance with applicable provisions of the EU GDPR, we encourage you to contact us at privacyinfo@mid-ice.com. You may also have the right to make a GDPR complaint to the relevant Supervisory Authority. A list of Supervisory Authorities is available at: https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en. If you need further assistance regarding your rights, please contact us using the contact information provided below and we will consider your request in accordance with applicable law. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS OF PERSONAL INFORMATION We are located and established in the United States and, therefore, your personal information may be transferred to, stored, or processed in the United States. While the data protection, privacy and other laws of the United States might not be as comprehensive as those in your country, we take necessary and appropriate steps to protect the privacy and security of your personal information. By using the Site or requesting services from us, you understand and consent to the collection, storage, processing, and transfer of your information to our facilities in the United States and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this Policy. Residents of the EU/EEA. When storing, hosting, or otherwise processing your information (including personal data), we may send such data outside of the European Union (EU) and the European Economic Area (EEA). When we transfer information to the United States or other countries, we do so for the purposes set forth in this Privacy Policy and in accordance with applicable law. We rely on recognized legal bases to lawfully conduct cross-border/international transfers of personal information outside of the EU and EEA, such as your express informed consent to do so (as noted above), when transfer is necessary for us to deliver services pursuant to an agreement between us and you, or when the transfer is subject to safeguards that assure the protection of your personal information, such as the European Commission's approved standard contractual clauses. THIRD-PARTY SITES This Policy is applicable only to the Site, and it does not apply to any third-party websites.  The Site may contain links to, and media and other content from, third-party websites. These links are to external websites and third parties with which we have no relationship. Because of the dynamic media capabilities of the Site, it may not be clear to you which links are to the Site and which are to external, third party websites. If you click on an embedded third-party link, you will be redirected away from the Site to the external third-party website. You can check the URL to confirm that you have left this Site. We cannot and do not (i) guarantee the adequacy of the privacy and security practices employed by or the content and media provided by any third parties or their websites, (ii) control third parties' independent collection or use or your personal information, or (iii) endorse any third-party information, products, services or websites that may be reached through embedded links on this Site. Any personal information provided by you or automatically collected from you by a third party will be governed by that party's privacy policy and terms of use. If you are unsure whether a website is controlled, affiliated, or managed by us, you should review the privacy policy and practices applicable to each linked website. CHILDREN'S ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT COMPLIANCE The Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA"), as well as other data privacy regulations, restrict the collection, use, or disclosure of personal information from and about children on the Internet. Our Site and services are not directed to children aged 13 or younger, nor is information knowingly collected from children under the age of 13. No one under the age of 13 may access, browse, or use the Site or provide any information to or on the Site. If you are under 13, please do not use or provide any information on the Site (including, for example, your name, telephone number, email address, and username). If we learn that we have collected or received personal information from a child under the age of 13 without a parent's or legal guardian's consent, we will take steps to stop collecting that information and delete it. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under the age of 13 without his/her parent's consent, please contact us using the contact information provided below. For more information about COPPA, please visit the Federal Trade Commission's website here.  UPDATES AND CHANGES TO THIS POLICY We reserve the right, at any time and without notice, to add to, change, update, or modify this Policy to reflect any changes to the way in which we treat your personal information or in response to changes in law. Should this Policy change, we will post all changes we make to this Policy on this page. If we make material changes to how we treat your personal information, we will also notify you through a notice on the home page of the Site for a reasonable period of time. Any such changes, updates or modifications shall be effective immediately upon posting on the Site. The date on which this policy was last modified is identified at the beginning of this Policy. You are expected to, and you acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to, carefully review this Policy prior to using the Site, and from time to time, so you are aware of any changes. Your continued use of the Site after the "Last Modified" date will constitute your acceptance of and agreement to such changes and to our collection and sharing of your personal information according to the terms of the then-current Policy. If you do not agree with this Policy and our practices, do not access, view, or use any part of the Site. CONTACT US For more information, or if you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, wish to exercise your rights, or wish to lodge a complaint with us, you may contact us using the information below, and we will do our best to assist you. Please note, if your communication is sensitive, you may wish to contact us by postal mail or telephone. In Writing: 501 Broadway, Nashville, TN 37203By Telephone: 615-770-2136By Email: privacyinfo@mid-ice.com