https://www.palmbeachpost.com/story/sports/college/2020/09/15/ucf-can-help-resume-win-georgia-tech-but-would-impress-playoff-committee/5806181002/
Florida college football: UCF benefits from Georgia Tech’s upset at FSU; good start to Jeff Scott era at USF; that and moreTom D'AngeloPalm Beach Post Two big winners emerged from Georgia Tech’s 16-13 upset at Florida State: The Yellow Jackets, the team projected to finish last in the ACC; and UCF.The Knights desperately need Georgia Tech to put together a representative season if they have any chance of impressing the College Football Playoff committee. Of course, that only comes into play if UCF can do what it has done two of the past three years: go undefeated in conference play.The reworked schedules caused by the coronavirus pandemic hurt UCF when it lost its home game against North Carolina, a preseason Top 20 team. Beating Memphis and Cincinnati, both ranked, and ripping through the AAC schedule likely will not be enough for UCF to become that Group of Five team to break through at the end. It needs at least one more marquee victory and that only happens if, somehow, Georgia Tech becomes a factor in the ACC.UCF is about a touchdown favorite Saturday. Still, a win on the road against a Power Five team coming off a road win as a double-digit underdog will help.Georgia Tech playing a game before facing UCF helps Knights coach Josh Heupel in another way. He has film on Tech freshman quarterback Jeff Sims.“Jeff played really well,” Heupel said. “He was smart in his decision making besides a couple of (poor) ones in the red area. Managed the game very well for his first time being on the field. Used his feet in certain situations to make the play right.“It’s critical for us that we create negative plays, get him in third-and-long situations and try to put him in uncomfortable situations.”That's something FSU had some success with early, but not when it counted. Georgia Tech rallied from a 10-0 third-quarter deficit. Sims was 24 of 35 for 277 yards and a touchdown (along with those two interceptions in FSU territory) and led the Jackets with 64 yards on 13 carries.Jeff Scott era off to good start at USFExpectations are so low at USF – some preseason rankings have the Bulls last in the AAC – that any win was a boost and a nice start to the Jeff Scott era. But Notre Dame is not The Citadel, and now USF must figure a way to remain competitive against a team most believe to be a playoff contender.“This wasn't just about one week or two weeks," Scott said after USF’s 27-6 victory. “This was nine months, and a very difficult nine months, quite honestly.”This series was thrown together quickly when Notre Dame was looking to fill its plus-one as a member of the ACC this year. The schools agreed on a three-game series, two at Notre Dame, with future years yet to be determined.We’ll learn a lot about the Bulls during the next three games, all on the road against teams (Notre Dame, FAU, Cincinnati) that each won 11 games last year.Three-and-out1. Florida State receiving two points in The Associated Press poll means people just are not paying attention. How can anyone possibly think this team deserved a vote after seeing that result against Georgia Tech? Even if you didn’t watch, this is inexcusable.2. Heupel updated the status of McKenzie Milton this week, saying the quarterback likely will not play the first couple of weeks although he continues to progress. “His health is continuing to get better, he’s throwing with our guys, he’s moving around in the pocket, doing some of those things. I think he’s getting more and more comfortable,” Heupel said. Everybody is rooting for Milton, who has not played since suffering a traumatic leg injury late in the 2018 season, to get back on the field.3. Speaking of quarterbacks, FAU's new coach, Willie Taggart, announced the decision everyone knew was coming when he named Nick Tronti his starting quarterback. Tronti, who backed up the departed Chris Robison last season, was the guy from the start and the job was his to lose.State rankings1. Florida: The dumpster fire at the stadium was not a sign of things to come.2. UCF: Knights can make statement this week in only non-conference game.3. Miami: Same goes for Miami playing at improved Louisville.4. USF: Bulls hope to keep it close at Notre Dame.5. FAU: Owls unveil a new QB and coach at Georgia Southern.6. FIU: Panthers looking for a bounce back year.7. FSU: Speaking of dumpster fires …