http://www.manlybasketball.com.au/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policylmpngadmin2019-12-10T15:22:13+11:00
Privacy Policy
Manly Warringah Basketball Association
The protection of personal information is important to Manly Warringah Basketball Association (MWBA). MWBA is committed to respecting your right to privacy and the security of personal information.
For the purposes of this Policy, an Australian Basketball Organisation (ABO) is defined as:
• Basketball Australia (BA);
• Basketball NSW (BNSW), being the governing bodies of basketball in New South Wales
• Leagues, being those basketball leagues recognised by BA or BNSW; and
• Affiliated clubs, being those basketball clubs, which are a member of or affiliated to MWBA
This document sets out how ABOs may collect, hold and use personal information. By providing personal information to an ABO, you consent to its use, storage and disclosure in accordance with this Policy.
1)What personal and sensitive information do ABOs collect?
a) Personal Information
Personal information is information or an opinion (including information or an opinion forming part of a database) from which it is possible to determine someone’s identity. The information collected by an ABO about a particular person will vary depending on the circumstances of collection. It may include, but is not limited to, a person’s contact details (name, email and/or postal address, phone number), date of birth, gender, credit card details, drivers licence number, passport number, insurance details, employment history, qualifications or communication history with the ABO. Only relevant personal information is collected. ABOs do not collect personal information that is not needed. An ABO reserves the right to photograph and video all games for training, public relations and security purposes. If you do not provide information or want to be photographed, we may not be able to register you.
b) Sensitive Information
Sensitive information is a type of personal information that also includes information or an opinion about someone’s:
racial or ethnic origin;
political opinions;
membership of a political association, professional or trade association or trade union;
religious beliefs or affiliations or philosophical beliefs;
sexual preferences or practices; criminal record; or
health, genetic information or disability.
If it is reasonably necessary in the circumstances, an ABO may collect sensitive information. For basketball, this may be in relation to a person’s medical history, nationality, their ethnic background and language(s) spoken, or the details of any disabilities. ABO’s are required by law to obtain consent when collecting sensitive information. By providing sensitive information to an ABO when requested, you consent to the collection of the sensitive information for use in accordance with this Privacy Policy unless you specify otherwise.
2) How do ABOs collect personal and sensitive information?
Information may be collected when you:
become a member of MWBA;
subscribe to publications of an ABO, including electronic publications;
provide details to an ABO in an application or consent from, survey, feedback form or incident report;
enter personal information into, or agree to having your personal information entered into, one of the online systems such as Let Me Play, The Basketball Network, scorer’s data, reference database or another ABO online system;
access the MWBA or another ABO website;
contact an ABO via email, telephone or mail or engage with an ABO via social media;
participate in a program, activity, competition or event run by an ABO;
purchase tickets to a basketball-related event from an ABO or an authorised agentor licensee;
purchase merchandise, products or services from an ABO or an authorised agent or licensee;
are elected or appointed to the Board or a committee of an ABO;
apply for employment or a volunteer position with an ABO; or
where the ABO is required to do so by law, such as visa applications, or medical or insurance requirements, or other legislation in Australia.
a) Providing information
Depending on the circumstances of the request for information, some types of information will be required and other types may be optional to provide. If you do not give an ABO some or all of the information it requests, the ABO’s ability to communicate with you or provide to you products or services may be affected.
By not providing requested information, you may jeopardise your ability to participate in programs conducted by an ABO or apply for employment or volunteer positions with an ABO. If it is impracticable for an ABO to deal with you as a result of you not providing the requested information or consents, the ABO may refuse to do so.
b) Collection from third parties
An ABO may collect information from third parties unless specifically advised not to do so. Examples of such third parties could include, without limitation, the Australian Institute of Sport, the Australian Olympic Committee, the Australian Commonwealth Games Committee, the Australian Sports Anti-Doping Authority, non-affiliated basketball and other sporting organisations, schools that partake in the Sporting Schools or Aussie Hoops program or government and law enforcement bodies.
An ABO may also collect personal information regarding a child from the parent or other ‘responsible person’ associated with that child.
c) Information storage and protection
ABOs store information in secured ways, including in both paper and electronic form. Much of the information collected by MWBA is added to Let Me Play NexGen & provided to BA’s The Basketball Network which is hosted by the third party data storage provider SportsTG. When your information is entered into The Basketball Network, it may be combined or linked with other information held about you.
Security of personal information is important to MWBA. MWBA has taken steps to protect the information held by ABOs from misuse, loss, unauthorised access, modification or disclosure. Some of the security measures employed by MWBA include strict confidentiality requirements for employees, volunteers and service providers of ABOs, secure system access requirements, and security measures for the MWBA website and other ABO websites.
3) How do ABOs use and disclose personal and sensitive information?
a) Use
ABOs, and third parties to whom ABOs may disclose personal information in accordance with this Policy, may use your personal information to:
verify your identity;
complete background checks;
research, develop, run, administer and market programs, awards, competitions, activities and other events relating to basketball;
research, develop and market products, services, merchandise and special offers made available by ABO’s and third parties;
respond to emergency situations involving or requiring medical treatment;
administer, manage and provide you with access to manlybasketball.com/, The Basketball Network and other IT based applications; and
keep you informed of news and information relating to basketball-related events, activities and opportunities.
ABOs may use health information to ensure that programs we operate are run safely and in accordance with any special health needs participants may require. Health information may also be kept for insurance purposes. In addition, we may use de-identified health information and other sensitive information to carry out research, to prepare submissions to government, or to plan events and activities.
b) Disclosure
ABOs may disclose your personal information to a range of organisations which include, but are not limited to:
other ABOs and organisations involved in basketball such as tour and event organisers;
companies engaged to carry out functions and activities on an ABO’s behalf, including direct marketing;
professional advisers, including our accountants, auditors and lawyers;
insurers;
relevant sporting bodies such as the Australian Sports Commission, Australian Institute of Sport, Australian Olympic Committee, the Australian Commonwealth Games Committee, Australian Sports Anti-Doping Authority, various National Sporting bodies, Federal and State Departments of sport amongst others; and
in other circumstances permitted by law.
In some circumstances, personal information may also be disclosed outside of Australia. For example; national team tours or training camps abroad, or the organisation of school group trips overseas. In such instances, ABOs will use reasonable endeavours to ensure such parties are subject to laws, binding schemes or contracts which effectively uphold principles for fair handling of the information that are suitably similar to the Australian Privacy Principles.
Furthermore, ABO’s electronic data may be stored by third party providers, and may be stored offshore. Where ABOs store personal information off shore, ABOs use reputable companies and has contracts in place with the service providers to maintain the security and integrity of the information.
4) MWBA website and other ABO websites
When users visit the MWBA website or other ABO websites, our system may record certain information about their use of the site, including the web pages visited and the time and date of their visit. ABOs use this information to help analyse and improve the performance of websites.
In addition, ABO websites may use “cookies”. Cookies are small text files that help a website to remember the preferences of users in order to improve the experience of using that website. In some cases, the cookies used may collect some personal information. ABOs will treat this information in the same way as other personal information. You are free to disable cookies on your internet browser to prevent this information being collected; however, you may lose the
benefit of the enhanced website experience that the use of cookies may offer. Websites linked to the MWBA websites are not subject to MWBA’s privacy standards, policies or procedures. MWBA cannot take any responsibility for the collection, use, disclosure or security of any personal information that you provide to a third party website.
a) Direct marketing
By providing personal information to MWBA, you consent to ABOs using non-sensitive personal information to provide better services and for marketing purposes (including disclosure of such information to service providers). Every person whose data is collected by an ABO has the option to refuse e-mail, SMS or posted
offers by making use of the opt-out procedures included in any communications from us (however, information relating to the option to unsubscribe from those communications may be retained) . You may also advise in writing to MWBA’s Privacy Officer to be removed from direct marketing.
b) Other disclosures
In addition, ABOs may also disclose personal information:
with your express or implied consent;
when required or authorised by law;
to an enforcement body when reasonably necessary; or
to lessen or prevent a threat to an individual or public health or safety.
5) Accessing and correction of information held by an ABO
ABOs will take all reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information they collect, use or disclose is accurate, complete and up -to-date. However, each ABO relies on the accuracy of personal information as provided to it both directly and indirectly. We encourage all users to regularly review and update their personal information.
Individuals may also request access to their personal information held by us by making a request via the contact details set out below. We will respond to your request for access within 14 days and endeavour to provide the requested information within 30 days. If you find that the personal information we hold about you is inaccurate, incomplete or out-of-date, please contact us immediately and we will see that it is corrected.
6) Resolving privacy issues and complaints
Any issues or complaints in relation to the collection, use, disclosure, quality, security of and access to your personal information may be made to the MWBA Privacy Officer at this address:
Privacy Officer
Manly Warringah Basketball Association Inc
PO Box 396, Narrabeen, NSW, 2101.
Email: info@manlybasketball.com
Phone: 02 9913 3622
We will respond to your complaint within 30 days and try to resolve it within 90 days. If we are unable to resolve your complaint within this time, or you are unhappy with the outcome, you can contact the Office of Australian Information Commissioner via its enquiries line 1300 363 992 or website http://www.oaic.gov.au/ to lodge a complaint.
All employee enquiries, job applications, scoring queries and incidental matters should be referred to MWBA. For further information on MWBA’s management of personal information, please contact MWBA.
MWBA may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time.
Online PaymentsCompetition StandingsCompetition DrawsEventsVenuesContact Us
First name
Last name
Email
Go to Top