https://www.wru.wales/legal/website-tcs/
×
MenuHomepageFixtures & Teams Tickets News WRU Store Principality Stadium Regions Fixtures & TeamsResults & Fixtures Teams Established 1881 Where to watch – Autumn Nations Cup 2020TicketsOfficial Match TicketsPremium MembershipHospitality and Travel Packages DebenturesWRU Official MembershipTerms and Conditions Accessibility InformationHelp CentreNewsLatest NewsWales NewsWales Womens NewsWales U20 NewsWales U18 NewsWales Sevens NewsWRU TVWelsh Rugby PodcastsNews ArchiveGalleriesWRU StoreWRU MerchandiseWRU MemorabiliaPrincipality StadiumPrincipality Stadium WebsiteWRU Hospitality Principality Stadium ToursDisabled FacilitiesRegionsCardiff BluesDragonsOspreysScarletsResults & FixturesWalesWales WomenWales SevensWales U20Wales U18Tournament TablesTeamsWalesWales WomenWales U20Wales U18Wales SevensInternational Referees Established 1881Wales Player ArchiveWales Coach ArchiveWales CaptainsWales's Try MilestonesChampionships & TitlesPlayer RecordsTeam StatisticsHospitality and Travel PackagesAbout ‘Buy Official’WRU HospitalityOfficial Off-Site HospitalityOfficial Travel and Match BreaksTerms and ConditionsTicket T & C'sOfficial membership T+C'sPremium Membership Terms & ConditionsDuplicate Ticket ProcedureMember Club ApplicationGround rulesTerms of AdmissionWRU HospitalityAbout WRU HospitalityOne Off Rugby HospitalityPrivate Hospitality SuiteCaptains ClubThe ClubhouseNon WRU EventsHospitality EnquiriesInternational RefereesReferee Match Breakdown
Close
Fixtures
Results
Matches Side Bar (Fixtures)
Matches Side Bar (Results)
Jump to main content
Home
Legal
Website T+Cs
Website T+Cs
By accessing this site and/or any pages thereof you signify your agreement with, understanding and acceptance of these terms and conditions and all information pertaining to both this site and any material on it. If you do not agree to and accept these terms and conditions, you should cease using this site immediately. In addition, when using particular services, you shall be subject to any guidelines or rules or additional terms and conditions applicable to such services that may be posted on the site from time to time. All such guidelines, rules or additional terms and conditions are hereby incorporated by reference into these terms and conditions.
THE WELSH RUGBY UNION (“WRU”) OFFICIAL WEBSITE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE
Welcome to this website (hereinafter referred to as the “site”), which is owned and operated by The Welsh Rugby Union Limited and/or its associated companies, subsidiaries and/or affiliates (collectively the “WRU”). Your use of the site is subject to the following terms and conditions.
ACCEPTANCE
MODIFICATIONS AND ACCEPTANCE
The WRU reserves the right to change these terms and conditions at any time without notice to you by posting changes online. You are responsible for reviewing regularly information posted online to obtain timely notice of such changes. Your continued use of this site following any such changes shall constitute your acceptance of this agreement as modified by the posted changes.
NO OFFER OF SERVICE
Unless otherwise expressly stated, the material on the site is for information purposes only. The WRU makes no representation that material on the site is appropriate or available for use in any particular jurisdiction. Those users who choose to access the site do so at their own risk and are responsible for compliance with local laws and regulations.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
The site was created by Sotic Limited for and on behalf of The Welsh Rugby Union Limited. All rights reserved. ©The Welsh Rugby Union Limited.
All rights, including copyright and database rights, in the WRU’s site and its contents, are owned by or licensed to the WRU, or otherwise used by the WRU as permitted by applicable law. Furthermore, all rights in the tournament names, main trophies, company names, trade names, logos, product packaging and designs of the WRU, or its official sponsors, licensees, suppliers, or other third-party products or services, belong exclusively to the WRU or such third-party, as applicable, or their respective owners, and are protected from reproduction, imitation, dilution or confusing or misleading uses under national and international laws, as applicable.
The use or misuse of these trade marks or any materials, except as permitted herein and including without limitation use as a domain name or as part of a domain name, is expressly prohibited and nothing stated or implied on this site confers on you any licence or right under any patent, copyright work, trade mark, design or other right of a similar nature of the WRU or any third party.
Nothing stated or implied in this site is designed to grant any licence or right under any copyright or other intellectual property rights of the WRU or any third party or to use any names, logos, pictures, trade marks or other works or content featured on the site. No act of downloading or otherwise copying or reproducing from the site will transfer title to you to any software or material on the site, unless express statements are communicated to you by the WRU to the contrary.
OWN NON-COMMERCIAL USE
You may view, download, and print contents from the site subject to the following conditions: (a) the content may be used solely for information purposes and for your own personal non-commercial private use; and (b) the content may not be modified, adapted or altered in any way. You may not copy, store in any medium (including without limitation on any other website), modify, adapt, spider (i.e. use a computer programme to collect or aggregate material from the site), publish, distribute by any means (including without limitation via any peer-to-peer networks), prepare derivative works from, broadcast, communicate to the public or transmit any part of this site or any of the material contained in this site or otherwise use the content for any other purpose other than as explicitly permitted herein. Any other use requires the prior written permission of the WRU. Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, the prohibitions set out in this paragraph apply without limitation to any audio recording or commentary, visual or audio-visual works (whether live, delayed or recorded), data, statistics, live scoring services, text commentary services, reviews, articles, trade marks, logos or photographs (or any part of any of the foregoing) that appear on the site.
You may not frame or use framing techniques to enclose any trade mark, logo, content or other proprietary information or content (including images, text, page layout, or form) of the WRU or from the site without the express written consent of the WRU. Without prejudice to general prohibition on linking to the site without the WRU’s prior consent, you may not use any meta tags or any other “hidden text” using WRU’s name or trade marks without the express written consent of the WRU. You may not use the words “The Welsh Rugby Union Limited”, or “WRU” or any WRU logo or other proprietary graphic or trade mark as any button or link to the site without express written permission from the WRU.
You agree to use this site only for lawful purposes, and in a manner that does not infringe the rights of, or restrict or inhibit the use and enjoyment of this site by the WRU, other site users and/or any third party. Such restriction or inhibition includes, without limitation, conduct which is unlawful, or which may harass or cause distress or inconvenience to any person and the transmission of obscene, defamatory or offensive content or disruption of normal flow of dialogue within this site.
You do not acquire any ownership rights to any content in the site. Any unauthorised use terminates the permission or licence granted by the WRU and shall constitute a clear and material breach of these terms and conditions.
DISCLAIMER
Although the WRU has taken reasonable care to ensure that the information and data on this site is accurate at the time of publication, these are for general information purposes only and no representation or guarantee (including liability towards third parties), expressed or implied, is made as to accuracy, reliability or completeness. Due to the short time span between the occurrence of an event and its reporting on the site it is possible that inaccuracies may be occasionally published. The WRU is not responsible for the content of external internet sites that link to this site or which are linked from it.
To the maximum extent permitted by law the WRU accepts no responsibility for loss which may arise from accessing or reliance on information or opinions contained in this site and assumes no liability for the use or interpretation of information or opinions contained herein. Your use of the site is on an “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” basis without any representation or endorsement made and without warranty of any kind whether express or implied, including but not limited to (to the extent permitted by law) implied warranties of satisfactory quality, suitability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, compatibility, security and accuracy. In no event will the WRU be liable for any damages including, without limitation, indirect or consequential damages, or any damages whatsoever arising from use of the site or any information or material contained therein or loss of connectivity, data or profits, whether in action of contract, negligence or other tort action, arising out of or in connection with the use of the site.
The WRU does not warrant that the functions, services and facilities contained or provided by this site will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error free, that defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes it available are free of viruses, bugs, spyware or similar flaws or represent the full functionality, accuracy, and reliability of the materials. The names, images and logos identifying the WRU or third parties and their products and services are proprietary marks of the WRU and/or the third parties. Nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring by implication any licence or right under any copyright, trade mark or patent or other intellectual property of the WRU or any other third party.
Any material downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of the site is done at your own discretion and risk and you will be solely responsible for any damage to your computer system or device with which you access the site as well as for any loss of data that results from the download or use of any such material.
You acknowledge and agree that the views of the editorial team published on the site are not the views of the WRU or its employees, officers or directors.
The WRU may publish adverts on the site in the form of buttons, banners, interstitials, pop-ups or other forms of online advertising on behalf of official partners and third party advertisers. The WRU is not responsible for the content of such adverts and accepts no liability in relation to any representations made therein or any losses of any kind scope or nature arising in reliance thereupon.
LINKS FROM THE SITE
Links to third party websites on this site are provided solely as a convenience to you. If you use these links, you will leave this site. You acknowledge and agree that the WRU has no responsibility for the accuracy or availability of information, material or content provided by third party linked websites, access to which may be governed by the terms and conditions applicable to those websites. Links to such sites do not constitute an endorsement by the WRU of such websites or the content, products, or other materials or services presented on such websites. Information in the many web pages that are linked to the site, and the applications and services available through the site, come from a variety of sources. The WRU does not author, edit, or monitor the content, links, or services provided by third parties. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW THE WRU SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, FOR ANY DAMAGE OR LOSS CAUSED OR ALLEGED TO BE CAUSED BY OR IN CONNECTION WITH USE OF OR RELIANCE ON ANY SUCH CONTENT, PRODUCTS, OR OTHER MATERIAL AVAILABLE ON THE SITE OR ON THIRD PARTY LINKED WEBSITES. IF YOU DECIDE TO ACCESS ANY OF THE THIRD PARTY SITES LINKED TO THIS SITE, YOU DO SO ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN RISK.
LINKS TO THE SITE
It is the policy of the WRU not to permit links to the site (including so-called “deep links” to pages of the site other than the homepage) without the prior express written permission of the WRU.
CONTRIBUTIONS
If you submit any contribution to this site or to the WRU (including without limitation any text, graphics, photo, video or audio) you are required by such submission to grant the WRU a perpetual, royalty-free, non-exclusive, sub-licensable and transferable right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, translate, create derivative works from, publish, distribute, broadcast, transmit, communicate to the public, perform, play, and exercise all copyright, database rights, publicity rights and other intellectual property rights with respect to any such work worldwide and/or to incorporate it in other works in any media now known or hereinafter developed for the full term of any rights that may exist in such content, consistent with the privacy restrictions set forth in WRU’s Privacy and Cookies Notice. If you do not wish to grant such rights to the WRU, it is suggested that you do not submit your contribution to this site or to the WRU.
By submitting your contribution to this site, you also warrant that such contribution (a) is your own original work and that you have the right to make it available to the WRU for all the purposes specified above, (b) is not defamatory and (c) does not infringe any law or the rights of any third party.
The WRU reserves the right to remove any contributions which it deems to be obscene, defamatory, offensive or otherwise inappropriate or which infringe the rights of any third party.
PRIVACY
The WRU is firmly committed to safeguarding your privacy. A link to our Privacy and Cookies Notice can be found here.
E-MAIL SERVICE
In situations where the WRU may give you the option to subscribe to any e-mail service which will update you with news or information which it considers to be of interest to you, your use of the content received through the e-mail service will be subject to these terms and conditions.
UNDER 18S
If you are under 18, you must obtain the approval of a parent or a guardian before you:
Register on the site;
E-mail the site, or ask the WRU to e-mail anything to you;
Send in any information to the WRU;
Enter any competitions;
Buy anything online.
By continuing to use this website and any of the services offered, you are confirming that you have received the consent of a parent or a guardian.
NO CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION
The WRU does not want to receive confidential or proprietary information from you through this site. Please note that any information or material sent to the WRU via the site will be deemed NOT to be confidential. By sending the WRU any information or material, you grant the WRU an unrestricted, irrevocable license to use, reproduce, display, perform, modify, transmit and distribute those materials or information, and you also agree that the WRU is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques that you send us for any purpose.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW THE WRU WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR OTHER CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES FOR ANY USE OF THIS SITE, OR ON ANY OTHER HYPER LINKED WEB SITE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY LOST PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF PROGRAMS OR OTHER DATA ON YOUR INFORMATION HANDLING SYSTEM OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF THE WRU IS EXPRESSLY ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
INDEMNITY
As a condition of use of the site, you agree to indemnify the WRU and its affiliates, officers, employees and agents from and against any and all liabilities, other expenses (including costs and legal fees) and damages arising out of claims resulting from your use of the site.
SECURITY
If you communicate with the WRU by e-mail, you should note that the security of Internet e-mail is uncertain. By sending sensitive or confidential e-mail messages which are not encrypted you accept the risks of such uncertainty and possible lack of confidentiality over the Internet.
TERMINATION
We reserve the right at all times to terminate, upon notice to you and for any reason, including for your violation of any of these terms and conditions, your licence to access the site.
GENERAL
If any of these terms and conditions should be determined to be illegal, invalid or otherwise unenforceable by reason of the laws of any state or country in which these terms and conditions are intended to be effective, then to the extent and within the jurisdiction which that Term or Condition is illegal, invalid or unenforceable, it shall be severed and deleted from this clause and the remaining terms and conditions shall survive, remain in full force and effect and continue to be binding and enforceable.
If there is any conflict between these terms and conditions and/or specific terms appearing elsewhere on this site relating to specific material then the latter shall prevail.
These terms and conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales without regard to conflicts of law principles. Disputes arising here from shall be exclusively subject to the jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
CONTACTING THE SITE
You can contact us by emailing us at webmaster@wru.co.uk or by writing to us at the address set out below.
These terms and conditions are subject to change without notice. These terms and conditions were last updated in November 2013.
The Welsh Rugby Union Limited
Principality Stadium
Westgate Street
Cardiff
CF10 1NS
Copyright © The Welsh Rugby Union Limited. All rights reserved. No part of this website may be reproduced by any means be it electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise, without the prior written permission of the WRU.
All photos supplied by the Huw Evans Agency © The Welsh Rugby Union Limited, unless otherwise stated. All rights reserved. Pictures may not be reprinted or otherwise reproduced.
DFP – MPU
This is Welsh Rugby
Wales Fixtures
Buy Tickets
WRU Store
Next Match
Fixtures - Next Match
Partners and Suppliers
Principal Partners
Official Broadcast Partners
Official Partners
Official Suppliers
WRU Newsletter
Subscribe to our weekly newsletter featuring the latest news, highlights and fixtures
Subscribe
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy