https://www.nhl.com/bluejackets/team/privacy-policy
Skip to Main Content
The Official Site of the Columbus Blue Jackets
Tickets
Single Game Tickets
2020-21 Season Ticket Renewal
Single Game Tickets
Family Value Pack
Suite Rentals
Party Towers
Group Packages
Mobile Ticket Management
NHL Ticket Exchange
Ticket Plans
Full Season
Half Season
Quarter Season
Benefits
Ticket Central
Season Ticket Holder Central
My Blue Jackets Account
Premium Seating
Suites
Loge Box
Terrace Table
Lexus Lounge
Lexus Glass Seats
Schedule
Schedule
Sync Schedule
Team
Team
Our Roster
Hockey Operations & Coaches
History
Cleveland Monsters (AHL)
2019-20 Yearbook
Ownership
Our Founder: John H. McConnell
Front Office Staff
Championship Partners
CBJ on LinkedIn
Employment
MeiGray Game Worn Jerseys
News
News
Jackets Insider
Follow @JacketsInsider
In the Community
Jackets TV
Jackets TV pres. by OhioHealth
Inside The Room
The Coach's Corner
Game Highlights
Playoffs
Jackets TV Features
Under Review, pres. by Continental Office
Tools of the Trade pres. by Ace Hardware
Him or Me pres. by Mike's Hard Lemonade
One Lap pres. by Huntington
Behind the Battle
Arena
Arena
Getting to Nationwide Arena
Parking
Arena Food & Beverage
Arena District Info
Upcoming Events
Nationwide Arena Info
FOX Sports Ohio Blue Line Team Store
Security Policies
Guest Services & Info
NHL Fan Code of Conduct
Big Lots Box Office
Multimedia
Multimedia
Listen Live
Blue Jackets Radio Network
CBJ on FOX Sports Ohio
FOXSportsOhio.com
Fox Sports Ohio Channel Guide
NHL.tv
Podcasts
Audio On Demand
CBJ on TuneIn
#CBJin30 pres. by Telhio Credit Union
Timeout with Torts
Inside Edge pres. by Kia
Digital
CBJ Photo Galleries
Official NHL® App
CBJ360 Game Program
Like on Facebook
Follow on Instagram
Follow on Twitter
GIF Library
Stats
Stats
Standings
Player Stats pres. by Blue Technologies
2019-20 Media Guide
Press Box
Fan Zone
Fan Zone
In-Market Promotions
Official NHL® App
#CBJ on Social
Enter To Win pres. by KEMBA Financial Credit Union
Email Subscriptions
GOCBJ Text Alerts
Celebrate Your Special Occasion
Game Day Photo Booth
OhioHealth Chiller Ice Rinks
Jacket Backers
Community
Foundation
Columbus Blue Jackets Foundation
The CannonBall
Gameday Auctions
Make A Donation
Fundraising
50/50 Raffle pres. by KEMBA Financial Credit Union
In-Kind Donations
2019-20 Community Impact Report
COMMUNITY
Kids Activities
Hockey is for Everyone
Hockey In the Classroom
Youth Hockey
Learn to Play
Hockey To Go
Community Initiatives
Hockey Fights Cancer
Military Salutes pres. by Elk & Elk
Bring CBJ to Your Event
CBJ Mobile Tour pres. by OhioHealth
Scores
Shop
Shop
Official Blue Jackets Online Store
FOX Sports Ohio Blue Line - Official Team Store
Gameday Auctions
Teams
Eastern Conference
Atlantic
Boston
Buffalo
Detroit
Florida
Montréal
Ottawa
Tampa Bay
Toronto
Metropolitan
Carolina
Columbus
New Jersey
NY Islanders
NY Rangers
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Washington
Western Conference
Central
Chicago
Colorado
Dallas
Minnesota
Nashville
St. Louis
Winnipeg
Pacific
Anaheim
Arizona
Calgary
Edmonton
Los Angeles
San Jose
Vancouver
Vegas
Seattle
Coming 2021-2022 Season
Privacy Policy
Effective and last updated: January 1, 2020The policies set forth below are applicable to the bluejackets.com website (also accessible at bluejackets.nhl.com and nhl.com/bluejackets), content maintained by the Columbus Blue Jackets NHL club ("Blue Jackets") and Information Gathered Offline, as set forth in Section 11. By using the Blue Jackets' website, you consent to the terms described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not consent to these policies, you should not use or access the Website.The Blue Jackets are committed to safeguarding the privacy and personal information of visitors to our website and users of our interactive products and services. However, you should be aware that there are numerous instances where customer behavior is tracked, your email address may be used and/or offered to third parties, you may be offered products or services or receive advertising, or your data becomes part of social media integration. Your entry into contests and/or promotions, enrollment in a Blue Jackets mailing list or completing a transaction may also trigger these efforts to communicate with you, solicit you or share your data with third parties.This Privacy Policy delineates the Blue Jackets' treatment of personally identifiable information and non-personally identifiable information that the Blue Jackets collect when you are on our website and when you use the services provided on bluejackets.nhl.com. This policy does not apply to: (i) the policies and/or practices of companies that the Blue Jackets do not own or control; (ii) the acts or omissions of people that the Blue Jackets do not employ or manage; or (iii) information about you gathered offline (such as by telephone, mail or transactions at stores, ticket outlets, arenas and other locations).The terms of this Privacy Policy are subject to all applicable laws of the State of Ohio and the United States of America.1. Personal InformationThe term "personally identifiable information" or "personal information", as used in this Privacy Policy, means information that specifically identifies a particular person, and may include information such as name, postal address, email address or other Internet address, telephone number, credit card number, date of birth or gender. In instances when other information is directly associated with personally identifiable information, e.g., consumer product preferences or social media usage, such other information also becomes personally identifiable information for purposes of this Privacy Policy. The Blue Jackets collect personally identifiable information during (i) contest or sweepstakes registrations, (ii) registrations for websites or mailing lists that require a subscription, (iii) certain surveys or polls conducted on our website, (iv) online shopping, and (v) business and commercial transactions. In addition, personal information is collected in certain portions of the service in which users register, provide content submissions and suggestions, or participate in interactive online activities (e.g., community postings, chatrooms, or bulletin boards). Your personal information may also be provided to the Blue Jackets by an affiliated party or other third party.2. Non-Personally Identifiable InformationThe Blue Jackets may also gather and use your non-personally identifiable information. Generally, "non-personally identifiable information" means information that is collected through "traffic data" (i.e., information concerning use of the website that is not linked to a particular person) and may entail the use of "cookies", "IP addresses" or other numeric codes used to identify a computer or mobile device, monitor how a website is accessed or track your electronic behavior both while viewing the Blue Jackets website and after you leave that site.3. Information You ProvideThe Blue Jackets may ask for personal information about you when you register to use a service or when you order a product offered on our website. Certain information may be required (such as first and last name, email address, billing address, and credit card number) in order to provide that service or product to you. We also may ask you for information about your interests and other personal information so that both you and we can take advantage of the interactivity of the Internet.4. Use of InformationYour personal information may be used for marketing and promotional purposes by the Blue Jackets and may be shared with our affiliates or third-party companies that assist us. Your personal information may be used by our affiliates, third parties, and other companies to offer you promotions, products and services. In addition, the Blue Jackets may share your personal information with third parties that facilitate communications and transactions with you on our behalf as well as content providers, advertising providers, audience measurement companies, social networking services, and mobile location analytics providers. These third parties may include companies that help gather your information, communicate with you, or help deliver products or services to you, e.g., a shipping company or a company that furnishes prizes. We may also receive additional information from third parties and business partners, as well as receive information about you that is publicly or commercially available, and we may combine that with the information we have collected or received about you in other ways. Also, we receive information about you when you choose to connect with social networking services while using our Services as noted inSection 8 below.Moreover, we will disclose personal information when we believe in good faith that such disclosures (a) are necessary to comply with law, e.g., to respond to a court order or subpoena, or (b) will help to: (i) enforce the applicable Terms of Service for this web platform; (ii) enforce contests, sweepstakes, promotions, and/or game rules; (iii) protect a user's safety or security, including the safety and security of property that belongs to a user; and/or (iv) protect our safety and security and the safety and security of our websites, our affiliates and/or third parties, including the safety and security of property that belongs to us, our affiliates or third parties.You may opt out of receiving promotional email communications from the Blue Jackets by clicking the "unsubscribe" link contained in the promotional email. You may also opt out of receiving future SMS or MMS text messages from the Blue Jackets by replying "STOP" to any such text message. 5. No Collection of Information from ChildrenWe do not and will not knowingly collect any personal information on our website from users who are under the age of 13 without parental consent.6. Regarding IP AddressesThe Blue Jackets collect IP addresses for the purposes of system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers. An IP address is a number that's automatically assigned to your computer or device whenever you are connected to the Internet. Web servers automatically identify your computer or device by its IP address. When users request pages from bluejackets.nhl.com, our servers log the users' IP addresses. We may use IP addresses to identify a user when we believe that it is necessary to (a) enforce compliance with our rules or the applicable Terms of Service, (b) to protect our service, website customers or others, or (c) to comply with law.7. Cookies and Tracking Policy"Cookies" are an online text-based tracking device. Cookies make web-surfing easier for you by saving your passwords, purchases, and preferences while you're on our website. The use of cookies is an industry standard; you'll find them at most major websites. By showing how and when users use the website, cookies help us see which areas are popular and which are not. Many improvements and updates to the website are based on such data as total number of users and pages viewed. This information is most easily tracked with cookies.A cookie also lets the computer remember that you've registered, which allows us to speed up your future activities at our website. Similarly, bluejackets.nhl.com may use a temporary cookie to track which products you've chosen to purchase. Letting it do the record keeping saves you the trouble of entering information over and over again during a single visit. If you decline this cookie, you may have difficulty ordering your selections.Other forms of online tracking devices that may be used on the Blue Jackets website may include "web beacons" (code-based tracking) and "pixel trackers" (graphic-based tracking). Cookies and these other trackers may be used to track customer behavior and/or for reporting and/or analysis, to manage your account, to send you advertising, to expose you to certain social media sites and/or to track your online behavior after you leave the Blue Jackets website.8. Third Parties That Provide Content, Advertising, or FunctionalitySome content, advertising, and other functionality on our website may be managed and provided on our website by third parties that are not affiliated with us. Such third parties include, for example: Content providers, which may operate contests, sweepstakes, fantasy or interactive games, or public forums; Retail and other companies, which may process transactions, donations and your participation in raffles, sweepstakes and 50/50 programs, provide customer service or perform other related functions; Advertising providers, which help us and our advertisers provide ads (on our Services or elsewhere online) that are tailored to users' interests and understand users' response to those ads; Audience-measurement companies, which help us measure overall usage and compare that usage to other online services; Social networking services (such as Facebook, Twitter, and Google+), which may enable certain functionality, including interacting with and sharing content with your social network; and Mobile location analytics providers, which use location-specific data to facilitate the transmission of informational, marketing, and public service communications to you.These and other third parties may collect or receive information about your use of our website and services, including through the use of cookies, web beacons, and other technologies, and this information may be collected over time and combined or aggregated with information collected on different websites and online services, including, for example, to deliver ads that are more relevant to you. Social networking services may be able to collect your information, even if you do not click on or interact with their content on our website or have an account with the social networking service.Note that some of these companies participate in industry-developed programs designed to provide consumers with choices about whether to receive targeted ads. To learn more and to opt out of such targeted advertising from participating companies, please visit the websites of the Network Advertising Initiative, Digital Advertising Alliance, and the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada.The third-party social networking services with which we partner may notify your friends and other connections, both on our services and on the social networking services themselves, that you are a user of our services or about your use of our services. If you choose to access or make use of third-party social networking services, we may receive information about you that you have made available to those social networking services. Any information we collect will be governed by this Privacy Policy.9. Links to Other WebsitesPlease be informed that when you are navigating on bluejackets.nhl.com you could be directed to other websites that are beyond the Blue Jackets' control. There are links to other websites from bluejackets.nhl.com that take you outside our service. These include links from advertisers (referenced above), or sponsors and partners who may use the Blue Jackets logo as part of a co-branding agreement. These other websites may send their own cookies to users, collect data or solicit personal information. Do not forget that once you have clicked on a link and have left our website, this Privacy Policy no longer applies.10. Your California Privacy RightsIf you are a resident of California, you have certain rights pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act and the Shine the Light law. Those rights are detailed in this section. To exercise your California privacy rights, please click here or call us at (614) 246-4259.This Privacy Policy provides information about the categories of personal information that we have collected and shared or otherwise made accessible to third parties during the preceding 12 months, as well as the business purposes for which the personal information was collected. This information is described in detail in Sections 1-4, 7-8 and 12 of this Privacy Policy. You have the right to request that the Blue Jackets disclose the following information to you about our collection and use of your personal information in connection with the Blue Jackets' properties over the last 12 months: The categories of personal information we collect about you The categories of sources for the personal information we collect about you  Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information  The specific pieces of personal information collected about you  If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, (i) as a list of the categories of personal information we have sold in the prior 12 months and (ii) a list of the categories of personal information e have disclosed in the prior 12 months  If we have not sold or disclosed your personal information in the preceding 12 months, we will disclose that upon request. You also have the right to request that the Blue Jackets delete any of your personal information that we collected via the Blue Jackets properties and retained. We will not delete your information if we need it to protect the security or functionality of our operations, to comply with legal obligations, or for certain other reasons. A request to disclose or delete your information must provide sufficient information that allows us to verify who you are and that you are a California resident. We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable customer request to verify the requestor's identity and authority to make the request. You have the right to direct us not to sell your personal information. Although we do not sell your information in the traditional sense, your information may be accessible to third parties as described in greater detail in Sections 4 and 8 and the other sections of our Privacy Policy. We do not knowingly sell the personal information of children under the age of 16 without affirmative consent. To opt out of having your personally identifiable information shared with third parties for those third parties' direct marketing purposes, you may submit a request by filling out the following form here. You may also contact us at (614) 246-4259.Note that you may designate an authorized agent to make any of the aforementioned requests on your behalf. If you choose to do so, we may require you to (1) provide the authorized agent written permission to do so and (2) verify your own identity and residency directly. The Blue Jackets may deny a request from an agent that does not submit proof that they have been authorized by the consumer to act on their behalf. We will not deny services, charge different prices, offer different quality of services or otherwise discriminate against you for exercising your California privacy rights. We may offer financial incentives for your participation in contests, sweepstakes, fantasy or interactive games, or other promotions that require the provision of certain information, such as where we provide you an incentive designed to encourage participation in such a promotion. In addition to the rights outlined above, California residents who are registered users of the Services and are under the age of 18 are entitled, in accordance with California law, to request and obtain removal of content and information that they themselves post as user content on the Services. You may request such removal by filling out the following form here. You may also contact us at (614) 246-4259. Please include in your request (i) a statement that you are requesting, in accordance with California law, the removal of user content; (ii) a description of the material you want removed and information reasonably sufficient to locate the material; and (iii) your first name, last name, email address, mailing address (including city, state, and zip) and year of birth so that we can process your request. Please not that your request does not ensure the complete or comprehensive removal of the material. 11. Security PolicyWe attempt to exercise great care in providing secure transmission of your personally identifiable information. Please be aware though, that, despite our efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. Please bear in mind that whenever you give out personal information online, e.g., via message boards or chat rooms, that information can be collected and used by people you don't know. While the Blue Jackets strive to properly handle our users' personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose online, and you do so at your own risk.12. Information Gathered OfflineFrom time to time, you might provide the Blue Jackets with personally identifiable information by telephone, mail or other means in order to obtain a product or service. For example, we may use this information to send you promotional materials, and we may share this information with our affiliated businesses and other companies, who may also send you promotional materials. We also may use this information for other reasons, e.g., to process orders requested by you or respond if you contacted us.13. National Hockey League and Major League Baseball Advanced MediaEffective September 2016, the Blue Jackets' website will reside on a platform controlled via an agreement between the National Hockey League ("NHL") and Major League Baseball Advanced Media ("MLBAM"). Accordingly, you are advised that the Blue Jackets' website will track customer behavior for reporting and analysis, require "sign in" to utilize certain NHL services, be subject to certain account management tools, track user behavior using tracking pixels or other technologies, offer video and display advertising and at times be integrated with social media and track your behavior after you leave the Blue Jackets' website.14. Amendment Procedure and Questions Regarding this Privacy PolicyThe Blue Jackets reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time. If we amend this Privacy Policy to permit material changes in the way we collect, use and/or share your personal information, we will post notice of such changes on our website. Any such material changes to this Privacy Policy may affect our use and sharing of personal information that you provided to us. Please be advised, however, that changes to this Privacy Policy will apply to any personal information that you provide to us on or after the effective date of such changes. Questions regarding this statement should be directed to the Columbus Blue Jackets, 200 West Nationwide Boulevard, Columbus, OH 43215, Attn: Legal Department.None of NHL ICE, NHL Enterprises, L.P., NHL Enterprises Canada, L.P., NHL Enterprises B.V., the National Hockey League or Major League Baseball Advanced Media, or their other member clubs, nor any of their respective officers, directors, governors, owners, other officials, partners, partnerships, principals, employees, affiliates and other related entities, servants, agents, representatives, successors and assigns, have any control of, or responsibility or liability for, our use, disclosure, storage or transmission of any information collected through our websites.