http://www.missionridge.com/drone-policy
Drone Policy | Mission Ridge Ski & Board Resort
CONDITIONS
10/09
at 1:27am | Overnight: - | 24 hrs: - | Temp: 63° | FULL REPORT | WEBCAMS
Toggle Site Navigation
Mission Ridge Ski & Board Resort
COVID Info
Mountain Info
Plan Your Trip
Tickets & Passes
Lessons & Childcare
Rentals & Retail
Store
Drone Policy
Drone Policy
Share
Mission Ridge Drone Policy
Due to safety and privacy concerns, Mission Ridge prohibits the operation or use on or above Resort property of unmanned aerial systems, or drones, by the general public— including model aircraft by recreational users and hobbyists—without the prior written authorization from Mission Ridge. This prohibition includes drones used for filming or videotaping, as well as any drone use by media or journalists operating above or within the area boundaries. This prohibition extends to any devices launched or operated from Resort property, as well as any launched from private property outside of the Resort boundaries. Please contact a resort Marketing representative at 509-663-6543 or marketing@missionridge.com, if you have any questions or if you seek prior authorization to operate any such devices. Any authorized operation of drones on or above Resort property will be governed by Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) rules and regulations, local law enforcement, and / or U.S. Forest Service rules, as well as those policies separately established by this Mission Ridge,  which may include certification, training, insurance coverage, indemnification requirements, and waivers or releases of liability. Any violation of this policy may involve suspension of your access privileges to the Resort, or the revocation of your season pass, as well as confiscation of any prohibited equipment, and may subject violators to any liability for damages, including, but not limited to, damages for trespass, violations of privacy, and physical injuries to persons and/or property, as well as legal fees.
Mountain Partners
Mountain SafetyRules Of Use
Responsibility Code
Ski Area Safety
Kids Safety
Safety Planning
Ski Patrol
Theft Prevention
Beacon Park
Mountain PoliciesRules Of Use
Uphill Policy
Parking Info
RV Parking Policy
Snowshoe Policy
Drone Policy
Privacy Policy
Non-Discrimination Policy
Website Accessability Policy
Great variety, great snow and short lift lines
January 20th, 2017 — Trip Advisor
New Mission LLC operates Mission Ridge Ski and Board Resort under special use permits from the U.S. Forest Service and the Washington Department of Fish and Wildlife.
Contact
Snowline: (509) 663-3200
Phone: (509) 663-6543
Email: info@missionridge.com
Employment Info
Newsletter Sign Up
Get a heads up when a powder day is on the way or just keep track of what's going on at Mission Ridge.
© Copyright Mission Ridge 2020