http://www.siamstarmuaythai.com/privacy-policy
Home
Try Our Classes
Instructors
Disciplines
Kids Martial Arts
Muay Thai Kickboxing
Brazilian Jiu Jitsu
MMA
Kids Tae Kwon Do
Blog
Members Login
Photo Gallery
About
Reviews
Schedule
Memberships
School Policies
Affiliations
Contact Us
FAQ
Cancellation Policies
Siam Star MMA
1314 W. McDermott Drive Suite 130, Allen, Texas 75013
972-740-1616
tomer@siamstarmma.com
Privacy Policy Siam Star MMA
Information Collected
Siam Star MMA
may collect information, such as your e-mail address, name and phone number.
Information about your computer hardware and software also may be automatically collected. This information can include your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used by Siam Star MMA for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of our website.
Use Of Your Information
We collect and use your personal information to operate our website and deliver the services you have requested. We will send one welcome email following registration to all registered patrons. We also send periodical service updates to users.
We do not sell, rent, or lease our customer lists to third parties.
Contact Information
Siam Star MMA welcomes your comments. If you would like to stop receiving messages from us, please contact us at tomer@siamstarmma.com.
Request information now!
Our Disciplines
Request information
We love Siam Star, Tomer is a great instructor.
He has helped both my boys to develop self confidence and and a sense of discipline.
The facility is always clean and all the kids have a great time.
There is a good balance of instruction and fun.
We couldn't be happier with our choice to send our boys here.
This place is excellent, it feels like family. I have been going here for a few months now and I gotta admit, I was nervous at first and didnt know how I would feel but the people here make you feel right at home. The friendliest and most caring staff you could ask for. Tomer is truly a great leader and it has become easy to make friends here. I have been wanting to train Muay Thai for a while and I finally did it and couldnt be happier. If you are thinking about Muay Thai or BJJ training this place is where you should be... Don't miss out!!!
I had about 5 years of experience with Muay Thai when I moved to Texas for a job. During my first year my work schedule kept me from working out. During my yearly physical, my doctor noted that my blood pressure was a bit high and I was losing muscle mass (I was 44), so I joined Siam Star here in Allen. I thought I was going to die the first month from the workouts, though I eventually got back into shape. After a year my blood pressure has dropped and I'm in great shape. I would recommend the Jujitsu and Muay Thai classes to anyone. They are hard but you get in great shape and learn valuable skills.
Fill Our Your Information Here To Access Our Full Schedule And Membership Pricing