http://www.thebikersedge.com/articles/privacy-policies-pg152.htm
Skip to main content
Menu
x
Cart
Cart
Account
Account
Stores
Stores
Shop
Bikes
Bikes
Road
Mountain
Commuter/Urban
Comfort
Fitness
Hybrid
Children's
BMX
Parts
Parts
BMX
Bottom Brackets
Brakes/Levers/Pads
Cables
Cassettes/Freewheels
Chainrings
Chains
Cranksets
Derailleurs
Groups
Handlebar Grips/Tape
Handlebars
Pedals
Saddles
Seatposts
Shift/Brake Combinations
Shifters
Shocks
Stems
Other
Wheels
Wheels
Parts & Accessories
Wheels
Tires/Tubes
Tires/Tubes
Parts & Accessories
Tires
Tubes: All Sizes/Types
Accessories
Accessories
Body Care
Children's-Bike Accessories
Child Seats
Electronics
Fenders
Hydration
Lighting
Locks/Security
Nutrition
Packs/Racks/Baskets
Pumps/Inflation
Safety
Storage
Tools/Maintenance
Trailers/Strollers
Other
Clothing
Clothing
Accessories
Gloves
Jerseys/Tops (Short Sleeve)
Protective/Armor
Shorts/Bottoms
Socks
Helmets
Helmets
Parts & Accessories
Adults
Kids
Shoes
Shoes
Cycling Shoes
Car Racks
Car Racks
Accessories/Parts
Hitch-Mount
Pickup/RV/Spare-Tire Mount
Roof-Mount
Trunk-Mount
Services
Bike Repair
Rides
Group Rides
About
About Us
Locations
Bristol
Torrington
Our Privacy & Security PolicyThis Privacy Policy explains how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or shop with us online. We are committed to respecting the privacy and security interests of all visitors to our website. We are the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not disclose, sell, share or rent this information to any other individual or entity except as disclosed in this statement.SecurityThis site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. All information sent to this site is protected by SSL session (https), the industry standard in protecting against disclosure to third parties.Collection and Use of Personal, Non-Personal DataWe reserve the right to log and analyze information gathered from a user’s visit to this website. This information includes personal (name, email address) and non-personal (browsing patterns, number of site logins) data as outlined below.Personal Data Collection and UsePersonal data is collected when users provide information to us. As an example, a user may request to be added to our email communications. Additionally, when a user creates a new online account on this site, personal data, including, but not limited to, name, email address, and phone number are captured. We use this information in a number of ways as part of normal business communications. Personal data may also be used to communicate marketing or promotional information that we feel may be of interest to you. As a user, you have the option to unsubscribe from marketing or promotional email communications at any time.Non-Personal Data Collection and UseNon-personal data collected include your web usage patterns when you interact with this website. We use tracking technologies to capture data that is intended to better understand how users interact with our website, measure the success of marketing campaigns, and to ensure that the user experience is optimized.Tracking TechnologiesThis website uses technologies like cookies, tags, scripts, and logs to capture details specific to your browsing patterns when you visit our website pages. We use third-party analytics packages to make sense of this data and understand how users interact with our site. None of the information collected is personally identifiable.Analytics SoftwareWe use various analytics software which all operate similarly. These applications are technology services that help us better understand your experiences on this website (e.g. how much time you spend on which pages, which links you choose to click, what you do and don’t like, etc.) and this enables us to build and maintain our service with user feedback. These services use cookies and other technologies to collect data on your behavior and your devices; in particular device IP address (captured and stored only in anonymized form), device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), preferred language used to display our website. They store this information in a pseudonymized user profile. Neither they nor we will ever use this information to identify individual users or to match it with further data on an individual user.Disclosure of User Data to Third PartiesWe do not share non-personal data, as described above, with third parties.Third-Party LinksThis website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content, security, or privacy practices of any other sites. These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk.AccountWe reserve the right, in its sole discretion and without prior notice, to discontinue user accounts and/or passwords for any reason whatsoever.Periodic UpdatesPlease check this page for periodic updates on our policies regarding any personal information you've provided to us via our website. Thank you for visiting us online. We appreciate the opportunity to serve you.Effective as of May 1st, 2019