http://www.footballfoundation.org.uk/news/premier-league-helps-fund-safe-return-to-action-for-non-league-and-womens-clubs
Skip navigation
Search
Search
Close
Premier League helps fund safe return to action for
non-league and women’s clubs
The Premier League today launched a new Fund to help clubs in the National League System, Women’s Football Pyramid and Welsh Premier League prepare for the resumption of football and safe return of supporters to their stadiums.
The new Matchday Support Fund will help clubs to put measures in place that will make grounds safer for the 2020/21 season given the additional risks posed by the COVID-19 pandemic. This announcement follows the recent publication of Government and FA guidelines for the return of football and spectators at this level.
The grants will be managed by the Football Stadia Improvement Fund (FSIF), which is financed by the Premier League and supports non-league and Women’s Football Pyramid clubs with the cost of improvements to their grounds.
The application window is now open to eligible National League System clubs in Steps 1-6, the Welsh Premier League and women’s clubs in Tiers 1-5. In total, 65 leagues and more than 1,100 clubs will be able to benefit from this financial support. The window closes on 16 September.
Premier League Chief Executive Richard Masters said: “As football matches across the country begin to resume, the safety of everyone remains of paramount importance. It is crucial that clubs are able to adapt their stadiums and grounds to allow games to be played and also for supporters to return to the stands. We are doing everything we can to get fans back into Premier League stadiums, but we also want to help clubs throughout the football pyramid to do the same.
“I’m pleased that, beyond our existing support to the wider game, the Premier League is able to offer this additional funding via our Football Stadia Improvement Fund. We hope this will help more than 1,000 men’s and women’s teams across different leagues get matchday ready and safely welcome fans back into their grounds, in line with Government guidance.”
This announcement follows the recent provision of the Pitch and Club Preparation Funds, which saw £8.7m in grants from the Premier League, the FA and Government’s Football Foundation awarded to prepare the country’s playing surfaces and facilities for the return of football.
These latest Matchday Support grants will help clubs to make the necessary changes to satisfy the latest FA, Welsh FA and Government guidance, covering two key areas of the matchday experience:
Stadium – grants can help clubs make the physical infrastructure changes required to reopen their stadia in line with the latest guidance. This includes conducting risk assessments and implementing measures, such as reducing capacity and creating capacity for socially distanced movement.
Supporters – grants can also be used to help ensure supporters’ safe travel to and from stadia, as well as their attendance at the game, and the implementation of NHS Track and Trace measures. This could include:
1.    The purchase of contactless payment technology.
2.    The installation of hand-sanitisation points.
3.    Implementing advance ticketing systems.
4.    Specialist consultancy support around risk assessments or travel plans.
5.    Fan engagement interventions – such as additional signage, stewarding or transport hubs
The FA recently released guidance to help providers of outdoor football facilities achieve the Government’s guidelines. The providers will need to carry out a COVID-19 risk assessment, then adapt their facilities via three key ‘controls’: promoting good hygiene; keeping facilities and equipment clean; maintaining social distancing and avoiding congestion.
Robert Sullivan, Interim Chief Executive of the Football Stadia Improvement Fund, said: “The much-anticipated return to action for non-league, women’s and Welsh Premier League clubs is welcome news.
“It’s important that it’s also a safe return, so this is another welcome helping hand from the Premier League towards achieving that. Clubs have until 16 September to get their application in, so they should visit www.footballfoundation.org.uk now to ensure they don’t miss out.”
The application window will be open between 2 September and 16 September 2020.
Apply now
For media enquiries, please contact Rory Carroll, Head of Communications, Football Foundation, on  rory.carroll@footballfoundation.org.uk.
Notes to Editors:
Grants range from £1,000 to £20,000 and the amount clubs can apply for has been appropriately aligned with the tier they play at. These have been developed in consultation with stakeholders from the National League System and Women’s Football Pyramid.
Various guidance will have to be adhered to, depending on the level of football being played:
Steps 1 & 2 – DCMS Elite Sport Return to competition: safe return of spectator guidance: https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/coronavirus-covid-19-guidance-on-phased-return-of-sport-and-recreation
Steps 3-6 – FA National League System Return to Football Guidance v 1.2: http://www.thefa.com/about-football-association/covid-19
Women’s Super League and Championship – DCMS Elite Sport Return to competition: safe return of spectator guidance: https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/coronavirus-covid-19-guidance-on-phased-return-of-sport-and-recreation
FA Women's Pyramid Tier 3-5 – FA Women's Football Pyramid Guidance (Tier 3-6): http://www.thefa.com/about-football-association/covid-19
Welsh Premier League guidance: https://www.faw.cymru/en/covid-19/
Clubs and organisations must have a minimum of 12 months’ security of tenure.
Eligible clubs and organisations will be able to apply from Wednesday 2 September to 5pm on Wednesday 16 September 2020.
Clubs that have already successfully applied for funding from the Pitch Preparation Fund (PPF) and Club Preparation Fund (CPF) will be able to apply from their Football Foundation Account through a short supplementary application form from 2 September.
Clubs that did not apply for a Pitch Preparation Fund or Club Preparation Fund grant, will be able to be apply via the Football Foundation website, but no further applications to the PPF or CPF will be accepted.
To read The FA’s latest guidance, please visit: http://www.thefa.com/about-football-association/covid-19.
About the Football Stadia Improvement Fund
The FSIF is solely funded by the Premier League and is the country’s largest provider of grants towards projects that help improve the comfort and safety of lower-league football grounds in both the professional and amateur game. These improvements range from new football stands and turnstiles to floodlighting and improved provision for disabled supporters.
The FSIF is solely funded by the Premier League and is the country’s largest provider of grants towards projects that help improve the comfort and safety of lower-league football grounds in both the professional and amateur game.
About the Football Foundation
The Premier League, The FA and Government’s Football Foundation is the largest sports charity in the UK.  It champions and supports fair access to quality football facilities for everyone, regardless of postcode, gender, race, disability or place.
The Foundation receives money from the Premier League, The FA and the Department for Digital, Culture, Media and Sport, through Sport England.  This is matched with partnership funding and awarded as grants to create outstanding grassroots facilities that enable better games and attract more players, helping to transform communities.
The Football Foundation celebrates its 20th anniversary this year.  Since 2000, it has awarded 13,214 grants to improve facilities worth more than £632m – including 914 artificial grass pitches, 5,687 natural grass pitches and 1,261 changing facilities.  This has attracted an additional £738m of partnership funding – totalling over £1.3bn investment in grassroots football so far.
Through the Foundation, the Premier League, The FA, DCMS and Sport England have come together to create the National Football Facilities Strategy (NFFS) that will guide work over the next 10 years to transform many more local facilities. Local Football Facility Plans (LFFP) are being created to identify priority projects where demand is greatest, and the impact will be strongest and help stimulate the action required to deliver them.
PressRelease
26 Nov 2020
Robert Sullivan appointed CEO of the Football Foundation
PressRelease
27 Oct 2020
Football Foundation teams up with Local Government Association for landmark virtual event
PressRelease
2 Oct 2020
Premier League helps more than 1,000 clubs prepare their stadiums for football’s return
View all related news
Subscribe
We’ve given the red card to spam or sales mailing lists, you’ll only get the latest news and exciting developments from the grassroots game. Sound good?
First Name:
Last Name:
Email Address:
Subscribe to newsletter
Close
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Close
We use
cookies
to ensure we give you the best experience across our website. To allow us to do this, we'd like you to accept to the use of our cookies.
No thanks
Yes, allow cookies