http://www.lgu.org/en/footer/privacy-policy
Our Cookies
Accepting all cookies will ensure you have the best experience possible when visiting Randa.org
Some of these cookies are necessary to make our site work, while others help us to improve your experience by providing insights into how the site is being used.
Accept Cookies
Manage your
cookie settings
Cookie Policy
Information regarding the merger of the LGU and The R&A
Click me to enable Functional Cookies
The merger of the Ladies’ Golf Union (LGU) and The R&A came into effect on 1 January 2017.
The LGU’s business operations and staff have been integrated with The R&A’s group of companies.
More information about the merger is available below.
What has happened to the LGU’s Championships and International Matches?
The R&A has assumed responsibility for the organisation and administration of the LGU’s championships and international matches following the merger.
We are pleased to confirm that online entries are now open for all 2017 championships and participants can enter by visiting the Championships section of our website.
Essential information about each championship, including conditions of competition, competitor entry, draws, live scoring, history and venue is also available.
How can I enter the Coronation Foursomes?
The Coronation Foursomes is open to all members of affiliated golf clubs in Great Britain & Ireland who hold a current CONGU Handicap of 36 or under.
What will happen to the LGU Order of Merit?
The WORLD AMATEUR GOLF RANKING™ (WAGR™) is used by The R&A to determine entry criteria for its amateur championships and selection for international matches.
The Great Britain and Ireland Women's Order of Merit, previously known as the LGU Order of Merit, can be found here.
What will happen to LGU subscriptions?
The merger will result in the phasing out of the LGU subscription, currently £2.50 per member, which is collected from women members of golf clubs affiliated to the organisation. The subscription will continue to apply in 2017 but will be phased out thereafter. The subscriptions collected in 2016 and 2017 will be used exclusively to help fund operations that support women’s golf.
Is it still possible to support Breast Cancer Now?
Clubs and individuals can continue to support Breast Cancer Now by undertaking fundraising activities directly with the charity. The Breast Cancer Now website provides information to clubs about to raising funds specifically for the charity. LGU brooches will no longer be on sale. Instead The R&A will make a donation to Breast Cancer Now to continue supporting their activities.
What has happened to the flat previously let by the LGU?
The flat previously let by the LGU will now be managed by an external agency and will no longer be available for short term lets.
Find out more about the merger of The R&A and Ladies’ Golf Union.
Related Pages
Championships
Event Calendar
News
Downloads
WAGR
Related Pages
Championships
Event Calendar
News
Downloads
WAGR
The Rules of Golf
Your comprehensive resource of the Rules of Golf, Player's Edition, Definitions, Interpretations, Committee Procedures and Rules for Players with Disabilities.
Learn More
Rules Education
Whether you want to learn the basics or need to understand the finer details of the Decisions, discover more about the Rules of Golf via The R&A’s publications and The R&A’s formal three-tier education programme.
Learn More
Running a Competition
The Running a Competition section of the explorer is a vital resource for Committees running golf competitions.
Learn More