http://www.highonbikes.com/pages/terms-conditions
Skip to content
Submit
Close search
RETAIL SHOP IS CLOSED | Mail Order Only
- MORE >
FREE Delivery (UK)
When you spend over £10
Next day delivery (UK )
£7.95
Safe & Secure Payment
using PayPal
Trusted by riders
See us on Trust Pilot
Home
/
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Terms of Use
High on Bikes Ltd does not warrant that the functions contained in any of this website will meet your requirements or expectations or that the operation of the website will be entirely error free, or appear precisely as described in advertisements, articles or other online resources.
All content is provided "as is" and there are no warranties or conditions (express or implied arising by statute or otherwise at law) for the content. The entire risk as to satisfactory quality, performance, accuracy and effort is with you, the user. HighOnBikes.com reserves the right to cancel and refund orders at any time.
Copyright
International copyright and trademark laws protect the entire contents of the Site. The owners of the intellectual property and copyrights are High on Bikes Ltd. You may not reproduce, republish, modify, copy, transmit, upload, post, or distribute, in any manner, the material on the site, including text, graphics, and code without written permission from High on Bikes Ltd.
Privacy Policy
High on Bikes Ltd are committed to protecting your privacy. We will only use the information that we collect about you lawfully (in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 and General Data Protection Regulations 2018). We collect information about you for 2 reasons: firstly, to process your order and secondly to provide you with the best customer service possible, right through the order process. We love bikes, you love bikes we’re better together!
Name
Address
Email Address
Phone Number
Date of Birth
IP Address
This information is already stored on our internal systems and our website simply verifies you as a customer of High on Bikes. We will never collect sensitive information about you without your explicit consent. The information we hold will be accurate and up to date. You can check the information that we hold about you by visiting your account or emailing us. If you find any inaccuracies we will delete or correct it promptly. The personal information that we hold will be held securely in accordance with our internal security. We will not transfer or sell your information. We may use technology to track the patterns of behaviour of visitors to our site. If you have any questions/comments about privacy, you should email us at contact@highonbikes.com
Types of personal data and how we use it
We use the information you provide for the following purposes:
To send updates regarding the order you have placed
To send newsletters and details of offers and promotions (if you have signed up)
To help improve the highonbikes.com website
To understand buying behaviour of are registered users
When you place an order we need to know your name, email address, delivery address, credit or debit card number and the card's expiry date. This allows us to process and fulfil your order and to notify you of the status of your request. We may also ask for your telephone number which enables us to contact you urgently if there is a problem with your order or so we can notify you of your delivery time scale.
Our marketing lists contain data gathered by High on Bikes only and with the consumers consent. Your data would be in this list if you have never opted-in to our marketing and social communications. The list will only contain data provided by the consumer as entered into a form at highonbikes.com. This data will only ever be used for communications directly from or managed on behalf of High on Bikes and contain content such as news, special offers, competitions, discount codes. This data may include a name, address, phone number, email, date of birth, and details of interests.
3rd parties who handle data
Royal Mail  -  As a chosen courier of High on Bikes. This courier will handle your name, address and possibly phone and email for the purposes of getting your order to you quickly and efficiently.
DPD - As a chosen courier of High on bikes. This courier will handle your name, address and possibly phone and email for the purposes of getting your order to you quickly and efficiently.
DHL - As a chosen courier of High on bikes. This courier will handle your name, address and possibly phone and email for the purposes of getting your order to you quickly and efficiently.
Mailchimp - Mailchimp is a platform used to manage email marketing campaigns for our subscribers. This platform is used to send content produced and managed by High on Bikes only.
Orderwise -  A warehouse management system used to manage online order processing. This is a secure internal based system in which data is only handled by High on Bikes.
Archive policy
We only store data that will provide you with the best possible service from us as a company. At any point you are a customer of High on Bikes you have the right to tell us you no longer wish for us to have your personal data at which point it will be destroyed.
Transactional Data -  We will keep this for use with warranty & proof of purchase
Marketing List - If you have signed opted in you will be in our mailing list unless you opt out
PDQ Receipts Copies (in store) - Destroyed straight away.
Data we do not store
Card details
We do not handle or store your card details as part of a normal transaction. When you pay online you will using one of our payment providers. These details are not passed through a network or computer owned by High on Bikes in order for us to achieve the highest PCI compliance we can.  In-store payments are made by you entering your card details into a PDQ machine which transacts your payment details securely to our payment service provider. At no point does High on Bikes  handle this data. Two paper receipts are printed; a consumer receipt which you will be given and a retailer copy which has card details omitted. The retailer copy is destroyed as per the archive policy.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file, typically of letters and numbers, downloaded on to a device when the user accesses certain websites. Cookies are then sent back to originating website on each subsequent visit. Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognise a user’s device.
The use of cookies and similar technologies has for some time been commonplace and cookies in particular are important in the provision of many online services. Using such technologies is not, therefore, prohibited by EU regulations but they do require that people are told about cookies and given the choice as to which of their online activities are monitored in this way.
What we use cookies for:
To give you a better online shopping experience
To allow you to set personal preferences
To protect your security
To help us as a company improve and measure our website
For us to work with partners and measure marketing activities
Google analytics
Used to track visitors collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors
to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited
Social media plugins
Social Media Plug-ins for Facebook, Twitter & Instagram obtain data for tracking purposes. This included the ability to track an audience across device for advertising purposes in line with the Terms of each social media platform.
Disclosure
We will not pass your information to any third parties. You can also email us to stop receiving any information about us and our services you can unsubscribe. If you have any queries about our Privacy Statement you should contact us by email contact@highonbikes.com
Register for Discounts & Promotions
Use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a mobile device
choosing a selection results in a full page refresh