http://www.essa-schoolswimming.com/index.php/about/privacy-policy
English Schools Swimming Association
Welfare
Home
About us
Privacy Policy
Welfare Policy
History
ESSA Council
Divisional Representatives
Patron
Merchandise
Downloads
Events
National Calendar
Secondary Team Championships
Water Polo
Diving Championships
Summer Open
Inter-Divisional Championships
Primary Team Championships
International School Games
Dolphin Trophy
Synchronised Swimming
Divisions
East
East Midlands
London
North East
North West
South East
South West
West Midlands
Contacts
Who is the ESSA
The English Schools’ Swimming Association (ESSA) is a registered charity for the advancement of physical education of school children through the medium of swimming, life-saving, diving, water polo and synchronised swimming. The ESSA comprises its council, divisions and county organisations.
Personal information
The ESSA respects your privacy and your personal information. This privacy policy explains how we use any personal information that you provide or that we collect about you when you use this website or otherwise interact with the Association.
What personal information do we hold
Information provided by you (where provided):
Your website account name and password.
Your name and contact details (e.g. email address, postal address, telephone numbers).
Your gender and date of birth (for swimmers).
Your ASA unique identity number (for swimmers/officials)
Your school’s name and address.
Your special requirement e.g. access or dietary needs.
Your preferences for communication and notifications.
Your feedback and comments about ESSA events and activities.
Expense payment information (e.g. banking details for reimbursement of expenses by BACS)
Additional information for a specific event as advised at the time (e.g. passport details for international events)
Derived information:
Your access permissions for areas of the website (where applicable).
Your current and historic event participation, results, records, bookings or payments.
Access to your personal information is strictly limited to yourself; event/activity organisers and the Association’s secretariat/treasurer. Your personal information relating to Association registration or participation in Association activities will be retained for a period of 10 years after your last involvement with the Association, with the exception of event results/records which will be held indefinitely. Personal information relating to your website account will be retained for a period of 5 years after the last access of the account. These are the default retention periods; you have the right to request that your personal information is deleted at any time.
Why do we hold and process your personal information
We collect and process personal information about you for the single purpose of managing the ESSA and its events and activities. This is a legitimate lawful basis for processing personal data and covers:
Communicating with you as a registered website user, an Association member or any other type of contributor or supporter using email or post.
Allowing you to access information on the website that is not publicly available.
Allowing you to make event bookings and the Association to manage event bookings for you.
Allowing you to participate in activities operated by the Association.
Collecting feedback from you about events or other ESSA activities.
Keeping records of your registration and event attendance.
The ESSA does not hold or process your information for any other purpose.
How the ESSA uses your personal information
We use your information to identify you as a website user, a previous or current member or a participant in an event or activity. We use your information to provide you with information about your participation in Association events/activities. If you agree, by opting-in to email, we will send you promotional information about ESSA events.We do not share your personal information with any other party except:
where that is necessary for your participation in an ESSA event/activity (e.g. for travel or accommodation where you are a representative of an ESSA organisation)
where the information forms part of the results/records from an event where this information is published on the ESSA website
Your rights
Under the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) you have a number of rights:
To be informed. This web page is freely accessible and constitutes full information about how we manage your personal information.
The right of access. You have the right to request a full listing of information held about you.
The right to rectification. You may request changes be made to your information.
The right to erasure. You can request that your personal information is deleted at any time.
The right to restrict processing. Our use and processing of your personal information is as detailed above. You may request that your information is not processed in certain ways but that may result in our inability to provide some services.
The right to data portability. If you make a data access request, you can also request that the information is provided in a portable format.
The right to object. You may object to the storage and processing of your personal information and we are obliged to consider your objection.
The right not to be subjected to automated decision-making. The ESSA does not use automated decision making as defined by the GDPR.
To exercise any of these rights please contact us by email or post using the details below.We must also ensure you are aware that you have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office (www.ico.org.uk) about our management of your personal information.
Cookies
Cookies are text files placed on your computer. The ESSA uses only ‘session cookies’. These cookies contain a unique random number that can be used to correlate the sequence of browsing actions you perform, but they remain anonymous and cannot be used to identify an individual. The relationship between a session cookie and your personal information can only be made on the web server and is only possible during the duration of your browsing session. The session cookies are stored on your computer for the duration of your browsing session and are deleted when you close the browser. Most internet browsers keep session cookies in memory and do not write them to the computer’s file system.The website uses browser cookies to allow your log-in status, selected options and information entered, such as search criteria, to be saved between successive page viewings in your browsing session.These session cookies are strictly necessary to the correct operation of the web site and, under the Privacy and Electronic Communications regulations (May 2011), do not require user consent. If you have your internet browser set to reject all cookies this site may not work correctly for you.
Other organisations/websites
Our website contains links to other websites. This privacy policy only applies to the following association organisations and websites so when you link to other websites you should read their own privacy policies.
Organisation
Website
English Schools’ Swimming Association
www.essa-schoolswimming.com
ESSA East Division
Hertfordshire School Swimming Association
www.hertsssa.org.uk
ESSA East Midlands Division
ESSA London Division
ESSA North East Division
ESSA North West Division
ESSA South East Division
www.southeastschoolswimming.org.uk
Kent School Swimming Association
Sussex School Swimming Association
Surrey School Swimming Association
Oxon School Swimming Association
Hampshire School Swimming Association
ESSA South West Division
ESSA West Midlands Division
Changes to our privacy policy
We keep our privacy policy under regular review and any updates are made on this page. The last update was 20 May 2018.
How to contact us:
By email: secretary@essa-schoolswimming.comBy post: English Schools’ Swimming Association, Mulina Pyford Woods, Woking, Surrey. GU22 8QT
©2020 English Schools Swimming Association | Disclaimer | Cookies | Website design by Bluewave Web Solutions