http://www.sydneytsunami.org.au/privacy/index.php
Sydney Tsunami Dragon Boat Club home page
Sydney Tsunami Dragon Boat Club
Sydney Tsunami Dragon Boat Club: Serious Fun!
Try us out for FREE
Contact us
FAQ
Home
About the Club
History
Links
Contact us
New paddlers
Try us out for FREE
Contact us
Meet Some Paddlers
FAQ
What's on
At a Glance
Calendar
Photos
Home
Privacy / Email policy
Privacy / Email policy
Privacy statement
Your personal information will be collected, held, and used by Sydney Tsunami Dragon Boat
Club (refered to as 'the club' or 'Sydney Tsunami') for club purposes only and will not be shared with any third parties without you permission.
Email policy
The purpose of this policy is to ensure the proper use of Sydney Tsunami Dragon Boat Club’s email system and make users aware of what the club deems as acceptable and unacceptable use of its email system. Sydney Tsunami reserves the right to amend this policy at its discretion. In case of amendments, users will be informed appropriately.
Legal risks
Email is a business communication tool and users are obliged to use this tool in a responsible, effective and lawful manner. Although by its nature email seems to be less formal than other written communication, the same laws apply. Therefore, it is important that users are aware of the legal risks of email:
If you send emails with any libelous, defamatory, offensive, racist or obscene remarks, you and the club can be held liable.
If you forward emails with any libelous, defamatory, offensive, racist or obscene remarks, you and the club can be held liable.
If you unlawfully forward confidential information, you and the club can be held liable.
If you unlawfully forward or copy messages without permission, you and the club can be held liable for copyright infringement.
If you send an attachment that contains a virus, you and the club can be held liable.
By following the guidelines in this policy, the email user can minimize the legal risks involved in the use of email. If any user disregards the rules set out in this Email Policy, the user will be fully liable and the club will disassociate itself from the user as far as legally possible.
Legal Requirements
The following rules are required by law and are to be strictly adhered to. It is prohibited to:
Send or forward emails containing libelous, defamatory, offensive, racist or obscene remarks. If you receive an email of this nature, you must promptly notify the club.
Forward a message without acquiring permission from the sender first.
Send unsolicited email messages.
Forge or attempt to forge email messages.
Disguise or attempt to disguise your identity when sending mail.
Send email messages using another person’s email account.
Copy a message or attachment belonging to another user without permission of the originator.
Use of the Sydney Tsunami group email
The Sydney Tsunami Yahoo Group email is designed to allow communication to all club members.
This email is not to be used for the following:
Solicitation of business unless with the express prior permission of Sydney Tsunami Executive Committee
Promoting of events not directly related to Sydney Tsunami or Dragon Boating in general, unless with the express prior permission of the club's Executive Committee
Copyright © 2020 Sydney Tsunami
This page last updated August 2017.
Privacy / Email policy