https://www.bowlersjournal.com/contact/legal-notice-and-disclaimer/
Legal Notice & Disclaimer
All content on this site, including text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, software, audio and video clips, is the property of Bowlers Journal International or its vendors and is protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. The collection, arrangement and assembly of all content on this site is the exclusive property of Bowlers Journal International and is also protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. All software used on this site is the property of Bowlers Journal International or its software suppliers and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. The content and software on this site may be used as a shopping resource. Any other use, including the reproduction, modification, distribution, transmission, republication, display or performance, of the content on this site is strictly prohibited.
Trademark
Bowlersjournal.com is a registered trademark of Bowlers Journal International in the United States and other countries. Bowlers Journal International's trademarks may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not Bowlers Journal International, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits this web site.
Use of Site
This site or any portion of this site may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose that is not expressly permitted by Bowlers Journal International.
Disclaimer
The information, services, products, and materials contained in this site, including, without limitation, text, graphics, and links, are provided by bowlersjournal.com on an "as is" basis. Bowlers Journal International makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of the site or the information, content, materials, or products included on this site, including but not limited to warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, non-infringement, freedom from computer virus, and implied warranties arising from course of dealing or course of performance. In addition, Bowlers Journal International does not represent or warrant that the information accessible via this site is accurate, complete or current. To the full extent permissible by applicable law, Bowlers Journal International disclaims all warranties, express or implied, with respect to such information, services, products, and materials. Price and availability information is subject to change without notice.
Limitation of Liability
Bowlers Journal International will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of this site, including, but not limited to direct, indirect, special, incidental, exemplary, punitive, and consequential damages, even if Bowlers Journal International has been previously advised of the possibility of such damages, whether in an action under contract, negligence, or any other theory, arising out of or in connection with the use, inability to use, or performance of the information, services, products, and materials available from this site. These limitations shall apply notwithstanding any failure of essential purpose of any limited remedy. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty lasts, or the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, the above limitations may not apply to you.
Applicable Law
This site is created and controlled by Bowlers Journal International in the State of Texas, USA. As such, the laws of the State of Texas will govern these disclaimers, terms and conditions, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of laws. Parties agree that any action arising out of this agreement shall be brought in state or federal court in Texas and the parties consent to the jurisdiction of such courts.
Leave a Reply Cancel ReplyYou must be logged in to post a comment.
Home
About Luby Publishing, Inc.
100 Years with Mort Luby
BJI Design Awards
BJI Top Coaches Awards
Breaking News
Pro Bowling
Issue Previews
Podcasts
XBowling App
Annual Ball Guides
Tournaments
Calendar
Bowlers Journal Championships
Instruction
Ask the Coaches
100 Top Coaches Award Archive
Inside Line
Business
Clinic
History of Bowling
Industry Demographics
Contact
Letter to the Editor
Advertise
Find An Industry Resource
Links
Privacy Policy
Legal Notice & Disclaimer