http://www.americanskiclassics.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Holiday World understands and respects the importance of your privacy. This Privacy Policy sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, via this web site or by phone will be processed by us. Please read the following information carefully.
For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 (the Act), we, Holiday World Ltd, trading as americanskiclassics.com / villaffinders.com / greecevillaholidays.com / corsicavillaholidays.com are the Data Controller for this website (the “Site”). You are responsible for ensuring that the other members of your party are aware of the content of this Privacy Policy and are in agreement with you supplying their personal data to us to make a booking or other purchase on their behalf.
By making a booking/purchase or submitting your personal data via this web site or by phone, you agree to the transfer, storing or processing of it as set out below. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy. If you do not agree to our use of your personal data as set out below we cannot accept your booking and you should not use this web site.
INFORMATION WE NEED TO COLLECT ABOUT YOU
When you make a booking or other purchase via this web site or by phone, we will collect certain personal data about you and about any other person you include on your booking. The sort of personal data we collect will be information such as:
name, address, email address, telephone number, date of birth
APIS Information such as Nationality, Passport No., Expiry Date, Country of Passport Issue
dietary requirements for inflight meals
height, weight, shoe size where required for ski rental orders
bank details are required when processing a refund
We need to collect this information in order to arrange the travel and other services you are requesting and to carry out our obligations arising in connection with any contracts entered into between you and us, or between you and a third party supplier;
We will update your information whenever we can to keep it current, accurate and complete.Although we do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our website and any transmission is at your own risk.
INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT ABOUT YOU
If you actively sign up to receive email newsletters from us, (although you will be given the option to opt-out of such use).You will be active on our Newsletter list until you unsubscribe.
OUR USE OF YOUR INFORMATION
When you make a travel booking or other purchase via this web site, certain of the personal data you provide will need to be passed to and processed and stored by relevant third parties, such as airlines, hoteliers, lift ticket companies, ski rental suppliers, car hire agencies, ground transportation providers and ground handling agents, so that they can provide you with the arrangements you require.  Some of these third parties may be based outside of the European Economic Area (“EEA”). Organisations that are based outside of the EEA may not be subject to the same level of controls in regard to data protection as exist within the UK and the EEA.
We use information held about you in the following ways:
To carry out our obligations arising in connection with any contracts entered into between you and us, or between you and a third party supplier;To communicate with you regarding your booking or other purchaseTo notify you periodcially by our regular newsletterFor internal research/analysis and customer profilingFor resolving complaints and dealing with disputesFor preventing and detecting fraudulent or criminal activityFor debt collection
If you do not agree to Our Use of Your Information above, we cannot engage/do business with you or accept your booking.
ONLINE PAYMENTS
When making a payment online through our website this information is issued directly to Worldpay, our payment processor. We at no time receive or store your full card details. Our merchant service provider has their own Privacy Policy.
MARKETING USE
Using your information, we may from time to time contact you by newsletter if you have opted into our regular newsletter via either our Holiday Quote or Booking Process section.
If you do not wish to receive such information or would like to change your preference, please refer to “Your Rights” below.
YOUR RIGHTS
On completing our Data Subject Access Request form, you are entitled to a copy of the information we hold about you (for a £10 fee) and to correct any inaccuracies.
You have the right to ask in writing not to receive direct marketing material from us. If available, you can amend your previous preference on our website(s), use our "unsubscribe email". Once properly notified by you, we will take steps to stop using your information in this way.
YOUR RIGHT TO ACCESS ANY PERSONAL DATA WE HOLD
The Data Protection Act 1998 (the “Act”) gives you the right to check that your personal data is being processed lawfully (“subject access right”). Your subject access right can be exercised in accordance with the Act.  Any subject access request must be made in writing to: Holiday World Ltd. PO Xox250, Twickenham TW12XX and may be subject to a fee of £10 to meet our costs in providing you with details of any personal data we hold about you.
You are also entitled to request for your information to be deleted, however this is only possible once our services have been fulfilled and there is no compelling reason to continue storing it.
FOREIGN CONTROLS
Outside the European Economic Area (EEA), data protection controls may not be as strong as the legal requirements in this country.
USE OF "COOKIES" AND LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
We do not use 'Cookies' on our websites.
Our website(s) only contain links to the CAA ATOL / Travel Trust Association / your chosen airline's Baggage Policy / Ground Transportation Providers third party websites sole for the purpose of providing you with more information concerning your holiday booking.If you follow a link to any of these other websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies or for these 3rd party websites. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
SECURITY STATEMENT
We have taken all reasonable steps and have in place appropriate security measures to protect your information.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Any changes to this Policy will be posted on our website and/or made available on request.
DATA NOTICES
Customer Data: To provide your holiday and ensure that it runs smoothly, we need to use information such as your name and address, special needs, dietary requirements, etc. Please be informed that we must pass it to suppliers of your travel arrangements, including airlines, hotels and transport companies. When you make this booking, you consent to this information being passed to the relevant people.
US Secure flight Data: The Transportation Security Administration (TSA) requires you to provide your full name, date of birth ,and gender for the purpose of watch list screening, under the authority of 49 U.S.C. section 114, the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 and 49 C.F.R parts 1540 and 1560. You may also provide your Redress Number, if available. Failure to provide your full name, date of birth, and gender may result in denial of transport or denial of authority to enter the boarding area. TSA may share information you provide with law enforcement or intelligence agencies or others under its published system of records notice. For more on TSA privacy policies, or to review the system of records notice and the privacy impact assessment, please see the TSA Web site at www.tsa.gov.
Data Security
The transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure, and although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to this web site, therefore any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will take all reasonable steps to keep your personal data secure and to try to prevent any unauthorised access to it. All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology.
All data is stored in the UK. We will keep your information for as long as required. Most data will be purged after 1 year, however, if you stop interacting with us as a customer, we will remove or anonymise your information after 7 years.
Travel Agent Login
Tel: 0208 607 9988
HOLIDAYWORLD
PO Box 250, Twickenham, TW1 2XX, UK
Tel: 0208 607 9988
The air holidays and flights shown by Holiday World Ltd t/a americanskiclassics.com are ATOL Protected by the Civil Aviation Authority. Our ATOL number is ATOL T7012.
ATOL Protection extends primarily to customers who book and pay in the United Kingdom. Click on the ATOL logo if you want to know more.
For holidays where we have only provided accommodation or other ground arrangement, your holiday is protected by the Travel Trust Association.
Our TTA Membership number is R5735.
AMERICANSKICLASSICS.COM
VILLAFINDERS.COM
Holiday World Ltd
Booking Conditions
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Contact
Season PassesEpic Passes Summit Passes Ski City Super Pass US West CoastHeavenly ski holidays Heavenly lift tickets Mammoth ski holidays Mammoth lift tickets Squaw Valley ski holidays US RockiesAspen ski holidays Aspen lift tickets Beaver Creek ski holidays Beaver Creek lift tickets Big Sky ski holidays Breckenridge ski holidays Breckenridge lift tickets Copper Mountain ski holidays Deer Valley ski holidays Jackson Hole ski holidays Jackson Hole lift tickets Keystone ski holidays Park City ski holidays Park City lift tickets Snowmass ski holidays Snowmass lift tickets Steamboat ski holidays Steamboat lift tickets Telluride ski holidays Vail ski holidays Vail lift tickets Winter Park ski holidays US East CoastOkemo ski holidays Sugarbush ski holidays Canada West CoastRevelstoke ski holidays Sun Peaks ski holidays Whistler ski holidays Canada RockiesBanff ski holidays Banff lift tickets Fernie ski holidays Lake Louise ski holidays Lake Louise lift tickets Canada East CoastTremblant ski holidays SwitzerlandAdelboden ski holidays Andermatt ski holidays Arosa ski holidays Davos ski holidays Davos lift tickets Engelberg ski holidays Grindelwald ski holidays Grindelwald lift tickets Klosters ski holidays Laax ski holidays Saas-Fee ski holidays St. Moritz ski holidays Wengen - Murren ski holidays Wengen - Murren lift tickets Zermatt ski holidays Zermatt lift tickets AustriaIschgl ski holidays Kirchberg ski holidays Kitzbuhel ski holidays Mayrhofen ski holidays Saalbach ski holidays Solden ski holidays St. Anton ski holidays