http://www.sunvalley.com/legal
20/21 WINTER UPDATES. > STAY INFORMED
Discover
Lodging
Passes & Tickets
SnowSports
Rentals
Dining
Shopping
Things to Do
Specials & Packages
Spa
Groups & Weddings
Real Estate
eStore
TYPE A KEYWORD NOW...
Legal
Sun Valley Today
19
°
Webcams
Weather
Mountain Report
Calendar
Home / Legal
Privacy Policy
Sun Valley Company (“Company”, “we”, “our” or “us”) respects your privacy in handling Personal Information relating to you and your use of our website www.sunvalley.com (“Website“). “Personal Information” may include any information that can be used to identify or locate you, such as your name, address, IP address, mailing address, contact information, email address or phone number and other information you may produce to us. Personal Information is defined in federal and state law in the United States, in the laws of Canada, and in other international laws. This Privacy Policy is intended to include the most expansive definition. However, please recognize that your rights related to Personal Information, and how Personal Information is defined, differs somewhat from state to state and country to country.  For example, a California resident likely has different rights than a Utah resident, and each of them likely has different rights than a resident of Canada.
Please review our Terms of Service which governs your interactions with us.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS POLICY OR TO THE TERMS OF SERVICE, YOU ARE REQUIRED TO CEASE ALL INTERACTION WITH COMPANY IMMEDIATELY AND ARE NOT PERMITTED TO TRANSACT BUSINESS WITH COMPANY.
This Privacy Policy only applies to the information processed by us or through our Websites, or otherwise provided to us by third parties about you, in connection with your (a) transaction of any business with Company; (b) interaction with Company at its properties; (c) access or use of Company websites (“Sites”), and/or (c) access or use of any other digital media or apps offered by Company (each of the above individually and collectively referred to herein as the “Services”).
By utilizing any Services in any way, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy, and you hereby consent to Company’s collection, use and disclosure of your information in the manner described herein.
What We Collect and How We Collect It
From time to time we collect Personal Information. Personal Information means any information that enables us to identify you, directly or indirectly, by reference to an identifier such as your name, identification number, location data, online identifier, IP address, or one or more factors specific to you. We process Personal Information or other information about you when you utilize any Services in any way.
Our collection of the following types of information is completely transparent. This means that you will know when and how it is happening. We can only gather the information you voluntarily provide. If you object to or limit our processing of certain information of this nature, you may not be able to easily and efficiently use all of the features of the Services, or the Services. By providing us with this information you expressly agree to our collection, use, storage, and disclosure of it as explained in this Privacy Policy.
Reservations and Account Info: When you access or use certain Services, including as examples, booking a hotel reservation, a tee-time, a ski lesson or lift ticket, or a restaurant reservation, pet care/lodging, we may request and gather arrival and departure information (e.g. check-in and check-out times and dates, flight numbers, rental car information, etc.), email address, names of family members and pets, proof of identity, phone number, date of birth, citizenship information, occupation, marital status, gender and/or other descriptive information or preferences. This is completely transparent and we can only gather the information you provide. You may also be required to login to a computer, network or web-based system as a guest or to create an account which will require you to create a unique username and password.
Guest Preferences: When you access or use certain Services, such as those listed above, we may request that you provide certain information regarding health information and/or preferences so that we may provide a personalized experience. For example food or other allergies, room, bed and pillow preferences, newspaper and/or other information service preferences, in-room dining preferences, equipment rentals or add-ons, shoe size, weight, height, disability/mobility accommodations, etc.
Payment Information and Transaction History: If you complete any purchases, your payment information and necessary additional information to fulfill the services or deliver the products such as name and address may be processed by us and/or third-party payment processors or shipping affiliates.
Other Personal Data: We may collect other personal data that you choose to provide. For example, if you sign up to receive marketing emails, or other communications regarding Company, participate in contests, surveys and other promotions related to the Services, we may collect information from you. We will only collect what you voluntarily provide.
Questions, Comments, and Feedback: You have the ability to contact us through our Sites, to post comments, or otherwise submit feedback to Company. We collect any information you provide. In the event you contact one of our call centers, we may process information related to conversations, including recording or monitoring customer service calls for quality assurance and training purposes, and to verify your identity.
Our collection of the following types of information may happen without your express knowledge, but you hereby consent to it. This means that you will not necessarily know when and how it is happening. We can only gather the information through your voluntary interactions with us and/or the Services. If you object to, or limit our processing of certain information of this nature, you may not be able to easily or efficiently use the Services or all of their features.
Images: We may capture images of you, including also sound and video, through our closed-circuit television and other security measures at our properties. There are no security cameras in rooms or other private areas, but, where permitted by law, all other public areas may be under monitor and recording for loss prevention and security purposes, and for the protection of our guests and visitors to our properties. We may also capture images if you participate in corporate sponsored, or other private or public events such as golf tournaments or conventions.
Geolocation Information: We may process the specific geographic location of your Device via our Sites to provide you with directions to our properties or to determine your proximity to our properties or other specified location. This information may be gathered without your express knowledge, for example, if your location services are turned on in your smartphone settings. If you do not wish to have this location information processed, you can simply disable location services in your Device.
Information from Third Party Platforms:  If you access the Services or communicate with us using your account from a third-party owned or operated platforms/services (e.g., Apple, Spotify, OpenTable, Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google, etc., post content to a social network, or use various social media features (e.g. “Like” button), we may process certain information such as your username, interests, location, birthday, comments and reviews, preferences, network reach and influence, and any other information you provided to the third party in connection with your account. Your interaction with and use of any third-party platform is governed by their privacy policies.
Browsing Information, other Meta Data or Device Information: When you visit our Sites we may process information about your activities on our Sites and Mobile Media through the use of technology such as cookies, web beacons, IP Address, and other tracking technologies, as further explained herein below. This information may contain Personal Information and statistical information. We may collect Device-specific information (such as hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifiers, and mobile network information, including your mobile phone number). We may record or log information from your Devices, their software, and your activity accessing or using our Services. This information may include IP address, device ID numbers, system activity, location preferences, and date and time stamps of transactions. Providing this information is not mandatory and cookies can be disabled. However, please note that our Sites may not offer the same functionalities when certain cookies or other tracking data are disabled.
Advertising Data: From time to time we may obtain data from third parties who collect data from other third party sources outside of our control. These third parties may use their own cookies and other tracking technologies. We do not control these third parties and their actions are governed by their privacy policies.
If we are unable to associate the information collected from you or your devices to you, as some may be purely statistical or technical without any identifier or connection to you, such is not considered Personal Information for purposes of this Privacy Policy. For example, you may use a computer to navigate to one of our Sites, and the Site may record an entry by a personal computer running Windows 10. This information has no direct link to you and cannot be associated with you.
How We Use It (EU Considerations)
We may use or process personal data for any reason that is permitted under data protection laws in accordance with this Privacy Policy including: (1) as necessary to fulfill our contractual obligation to you; (2) as necessary to provide our Services to you, and give you a more personalized experience; (3) in the ordinary course of your legitimate business interest; (4) in compliance with legal and regulatory obligations, and (5) according to your express consent.
We will not sell or rent your Personal Information. Further, we will not disclose your Personal Information to any third party, except as described in the following examples:
Our Family of Entities. If necessary to provide you with tailored products, services, and communication, we may disclose limited personal data such as name, email address and date of birth, to our family of entities, including parent, subsidiary and sister entities.
Authorized Booking/Transportation/Reciprocity Partners. In order to process and manage reservations or other bookings we may disclose limited personal data including as examples, name, description, photograph, date of birth, gender, location and contact information, to our authorized booking partners, such as restaurant booking services, event ticket sales and services agencies, transportation agencies, as examples. As another example, we may partner with Ikon Pass or Epic Pass for reciprocal ski privileges, in which case, it will be necessary for us to share limited personal information in order for you to obtain the benefit of this arrangement.
Third-Party Affiliates. If necessary to provide our Services to you, certain information, which may include name, photograph, and email address, may be shared on a need to know basis with authorized third party affiliates. For example, some of our activity passes, such as ski passes, come with reciprocity access to other mountain resorts that are not owned by Company. In order to grant you these access rights, some of your personally identifying information must be shared with the reciprocity partners. This is for your benefit in order that you might get the full benefit of your purchase.
Service Providers. We may rely on third-party service providers to host and provide certain features of the Website and Services to you, such as reservations and payment processing. Only information that is necessary to complete the transaction is shared. This information includes, as examples, name, address, credit card information, and email address.
Business Purposes. If the information is non-Personal Information (from which individuals cannot be identified, and which do not relate to individuals) in aggregate form, and the disclosure is for business purposes, such as consultants and advisors to Company.
For the Protection of Company and Others. If Company, in good faith, determines that you have used the Services to menace, threaten, harass, intimidate or otherwise deceptively pose as another person, or in any other way in violation of law or if you attempt to use the Website for any unlawful means, you have no expectation of privacy and we may disclose any and all information for the protection of Company and others.
Pursuant to Law, Rule or Regulation. If required or permitted to do so by law or if, in good faith, Company believes that such action is necessary to: (1) comply with the law or with legal process; (2) protect and defend Company’s rights and property or prevent fraud; (3) protect Company against abuse, misuse or unauthorized use of Company’s products or services; (4) protect the personal safety or property of its personnel, users of the Website or the public, and/or (5) comply with tax reporting requirements. The servers that serve the Website automatically identify a computer by its IP address.
Corporate Transactions. If a third party acquires all or substantially all of the assets of, or ownership interest in, Company whether by merger, acquisition, reorganization or otherwise, Company may transfer its database, including all Personal Information contained therein, to the third party.
Debt Collection. To assist in debt collection where you owe a debt to Company, Company may disclose the following as examples, name, address, date of birth, identification number, email address, telephone number, photograph, etc.
Some of our operations, such as customer management, website administration, technical support, and/or electronic commerce, may be managed by third parties unaffiliated with Company. These companies may share Personal Information with their affiliates and with service providers whom they engage to perform services related to our Website or the operation of our business.
RESIDENTS OF THE EU MAY WITHDRAW YOUR CONSENT AT ANY TIME BY FOLLOWING THE STEPS IN SECTION 8 OF THIS POLICY.
How We Keep It and Protect It
Company stores all information in state of the art cloud storage. In doing so, Company uses appropriate physical, organizational and technological measures to protect the Personal Information you provide to us against loss or theft, and unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use, or modification. This includes limiting access on a “need-to-know” basis. However, no electronic data transmission can be guaranteed to be secure from access by unintended recipients and Company will not be responsible for any breach of security unless this breach is due to its negligence. Although we are committed to employing reasonable technology in order to protect the security of our Sites, even with the best technology, no website is 100% secure. In transacting business with us through the website, you assume the risk inherent in transacting business online.
To offer our Website and Services to you, Company relies on plugins and services from third parties such as Internet service providers, Email service providers, and plugins, Calendar plugins, Customer Relationship Management systems, credit card processors, and third-party data storage, as examples. None of these providers should have access to your Personal Information and our credit card processors are PCI compliant. However, we cannot guarantee with certainty that the computer systems and storage systems whereon these services are offered will not be accessed by unauthorized parties. This is a risk inherent in providing any information or, or conducting any business, online. In transacting business with us through the Website, you assume the risk inherent in transacting business online.
This Privacy Policy only applies to Company and in particular, the Sites. The Sites may include links to the websites of our business partners, vendors and advertisers, including as examples, payment processors. These other sites are outside of our control. Please be aware that these websites may collect information about you, and operate according to their own privacy practices which may differ from those contained in this Privacy Policy. Company encourages users to be aware when you leave the Sites and to read the privacy statements of each website you visit that collects Personal Information. While the Company carefully chooses the websites to link to, this Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected on this Website.
While we are dedicated to securing your personal data and our systems and Services, you are responsible for securing and maintaining the privacy of your credentials (e.g. user name, password or account information) and verifying that personal data we maintain about you is accurate and current. It is your responsibility to give us current, complete, truthful and accurate information, and to keep such information up to date. We cannot and will not be responsible for any problems or liability that may arise if you do not give us accurate, truthful or complete information, or you fail to update such information. We will reject and delete any entry that we believe in good faith to be false, fraudulent or inconsistent with this Privacy Policy.
As a general rule, Company accesses, retains, stores and uses personal data for the least amount of time necessary pursuant to our relationship with you. Company may generally retain data for up to 6 years. Company typically destroys all information if you have failed to visit the Sites, utilize the Services and/or transact business with the company in a 6 year period.
Your Rights Generally
If you wish to Opt-Out from any of the aforementioned uses of Personal Information, except in the case of legal proceedings, please contact us via email at privacy@sunvalley.com, subject line “Opt-Out”. Your subsequent disclosure of Personal Information nullifies any prior Opt-Out request. Company does not discriminate against those who opt-out. However, opting out may prevent us from conveniently and efficiently providing further products, services, and information to you.
California Residents
This section applies to California residents only.
Pursuant to Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code, residents of California have the right to request from a business, with whom the California resident has an established business relationship, certain information with respect to the types of Personal Information the business shares with third parties for direct marketing purposes by such third party and the identities of the third parties with whom the business has shared such information during the immediately preceding calendar year. To request such information, you can contact us by email at privacy@sunvalley.com, subject line “Privacy”, call toll free (888) 594-8627 or write to us at:
Sinclair Companies
Legal Department
550 East South Temple
Salt Lake City, UT 84102
Beginning January 1, 2020, pursuant to 1798.100 et seq. of the California Civil Code, residents of California may request that a business that collects a California resident’s Personal Information disclose certain categories and specific pieces of Personal Information collected, as permitted under California Consumer Privacy Act. The resident may also request that the business delete Personal Information collected about the consumer. To make a request pursuant to the foregoing, you can contact us by email at privacy@sunvalley.com, subject line “CCPA”, call toll free (888) 594-8627 or write to us at:
Sinclair Companies
Legal Department
550 East South Temple
Salt Lake City, UT 84102
Canada Residents
This section applies to Canadian residents only.
Your Personal Information may be transferred outside of Canada for processing and storage. Company and its service providers may store Personal Information on servers located in other jurisdictions, including the United States. Please note that privacy laws in such jurisdictions differ from Canadian privacy laws (e.g., PIPEDA) and that in some jurisdictions your Personal Information may be accessed by law enforcement authorities or the courts in such jurisdictions. You may obtain information and address questions about the Privacy Policy and practices relating to the handling of your Personal Information outside of Canada by contacting our Privacy Officer identified below in Section 9.
If you wish to access your Personal Information or request that your Personal Information is removed from our database, you may contact our Privacy Officer as outlined below. The company, within a commercially reasonable time, will provide access to this information, correct any factual inaccuracies identified, and remove information as requested. We may be unable to remove information to the extent that it is permitted or required to be retained by applicable law or document retention and data backup policies, or if removal is not practicable due to technological reasons. Removal of your Personal Information may prevent us from providing further services and information to you.
Company may require you to provide sufficient information to permit us to provide an account of the existence, use, and disclosure of Personal Information. The information provided shall only be used for this purpose.
Children
The Services are not intended or designed to be used by anyone under the age of 13. They are not meant to be attractive to anyone under the age of 13 or to have any value or use by anyone under the age of 13. Company does not collect Personal Information from any person it knows to be under the age of 13.
If you are under 13, DO NOT TRANSACT WITH US THROUGH THIS WEBSITE OR OTHERWISE, AND DO NOT SEND ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION. IF YOU ARE BETWEEN THE AGES OF 13 AND 17, DO NOT USE THESE SERVICES UNLESS YOU ARE SUPERVISED BY A PARENT/GUARDIAN OR HAVE RECEIVED PERMISSION FROM YOUR PARENT/GUARDIAN.
EU Citizens
This section applies to EU citizens and residents only. EU Citizens may, at any time, exercise his or her rights under EU Data Protection Laws, including rights of access, correction, restriction, objection, erasure, or data portability, as applicable. If you wish to exercise any of these rights please contact us at privacy@sunvalley.com. Please note that some requests may require you to verify your identity.
If you want to unsubscribe from receiving tailored advertisements on third party sites and/or marketing emails sent by or on behalf of Company and/or any of its affiliate brands, you can do so by visiting our email subscription center or by following the instructions in any such marketing email you receive from us. Or, simply send an unsubscribe request to privacy@sunvalley.com.
In the event that Company makes routine transfers of your Personal Information in the normal course of business to itself or its affiliates and these transfers include any Personal Information which the EU Data Protection Laws apply, such transfers, if to the United States, will be made pursuant to the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Program or otherwise in accordance with the EU Data Protection Laws. Transfers that are made to third countries without a Commission adequacy decision other than the United States will be made subject to appropriate safeguards provided for by standard data protection clauses adopted by the Commission (EU Standard Contractual Clauses (Processors)).
In the event that you provide personal data directly to a third party and not to Company (such as to a third-party payment service), Company shall have no responsibility or liability with respect to such Personal Information and such third party shall solely be responsible for compliance with all applicable laws and regulations governing such persona information.
Contact
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the Sites or Services, or if you have questions or concerns about the collection, use, disclosure, amendment or deletion of your Personal Information, you may contact us online at privacy@sunvalley.com, or at the following address:
Sinclair Companies
Legal Department
550 East South Temple
Salt Lake City, UT 84102
(888) 594-8627
Cookies
Cookies make the use of our Sites easier by, among other things, saving your preferences. We may also use cookies to deliver content tailored to your interests. Our cookies may enable us to relate your use of the Website to Personal Information that you previously provided.
The information that we collect with cookies allows us to statistically analyze usage of the Services, and to improve and customize our content and other offerings. However, we only disclose information collected with cookies to third parties on an aggregated basis without the use of any information that personally identifies you.
The specific types of first-party and third-party cookies placed by our Services and the purposes they perform are described in the table below:
Types of cookies
How to refuse
Strictly Necessary Cookies
These are cookies that are required for the operation of our Services. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our websites, use a shopping cart or make use of e-billing.
These cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the Site and therefore cannot be refused. They can be deleted or blocked using your browser settings, however (see How to Control Cookies, below).
Performance and Functionality Cookies
These are used to recognize you when you return to our Services. This enables us to personalize our content for you and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region), but are non-essential to the performance of our Services.
These cookies can be deleted or blocked using your browser settings (see How to Control Cookies, below).
Analytical or Customization Cookies
These cookies collect information about how users access and move through our Services. We use this information in either aggregate form to help us to improve the way our Services work, or to personalize our Services to your interests.
These cookies can be deleted or blocked using your browser settings (see How to Control Cookies, below).
Alternatively, please follow the links below to review the third party’s privacy policy or to opt-out:
Google Universal Analytics https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Social Media Cookies
These cookies allow us to integrate social media functions into our Services and may also be used for advertising purposes.
These cookies can be deleted or blocked using your browser settings (see How to Control Cookies, below).
Alternatively, please follow the links below to opt-out:
Facebook https://www.facebook.com/ads/settings
Get our best deals
& incredible events
Get our newsletter delivered direct to your inbox
Subscribe
Site Cookie Policy
This Website uses Cookies to personalize your user experience, for our marketing measures, and for analytics purposes. By continuing to use this site you agree to our use of cookies, website terms and privacy policy.
Accept
Learn More