http://www.serpentine.org.uk/pages/privacy.html
SerpieBase
| Login | Join
News |
Contact |
Search
MyEvents
MyResults
Training Diary
Race & Event Planner
Home
About us
Running
Athletics
Triathlon
Juniors
Advice
Our races
Results
Serpentine Last Friday 5kStart Fitness Serpentine New Year's Day 10kMad Hatters Duathlon
Privacy & Cookies Policy
Personal Data
Serpentine Running Club, are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. For any personal data you provide for the purposes of your membership, the club is the Data Controller and is responsible for storing and otherwise processing that data in a fair, lawful, secure and transparent way.
We are registered on the Data Protection Register, number Z7466471.
Your rights
By law, you have a number of rights when it comes to your personal information, including the right to request access to, rectification or erasure of your personal information; to restrict or object to certain kinds of processing of your personal data; and to complain to the UK’s data protection supervisory authority, the Information Commissioner’s Office about the processing of your personal information. Further information and advice about your rights can be obtained from the UK’s Information Commissioner’s Office. You have a right to obtain a copy of your personal information by writing to the Honorary Secretary at the address shown on our contacts page. Please contact the Honorary Secretary at the address shown our contacts page if you have any questions on the use of your personal information or if you are unhappy with how we have handled your personal information.
Our use of your information
We need to process your personal information to be able to administer your membership, and to provide the membership services you have signed up to when you became a member of the club. Our lawful basis for processing your personal information is that we have a contractual obligation to you as a member to provide the services provided as part of your membership for the club. However, we do not carry out any automated decision making.
If you do not provide us with the personal information necessary, or withdraw your consent for the processing of your personal information, we may not be able to provide the membership services to you.
In general, we collect information for the following purposes:
For training and competition entry
sharing personal data with club coaches or officials to administer training sessions;
sharing personal data with club team managers to enter events;
sharing personal data with facility providers to manage access to the track or check delivery standards; and
sharing personal data with leagues, county associations (and county schools’ associations) and other competition providers for entry in events.
For funding and reporting purposes
sharing anonymised data with a funding partner as condition of grant funding e.g. Local Authority;
analysing anonymised data to monitor club trends; and
sending an annual club survey to improve your experience as a club member.
For membership and club management
processing of membership forms and payments (including through Worldpay);
payment of expenses;
sharing data with committee members to provide information about club activities, membership renewals or invitations to social events;
club newsletter/emails promoting club activity; and
publishing of race and competition results
Marketing and communications (where separate consent is provided)
sending information about promotions and offers from sponsors;
sending information about selling club kit, merchandise or fundraising.
How long we keep your information
How long we keep your information will depend on the purpose for which we use it. Any personal information we hold on you will be securely destroyed after seven years of inactivity on your account.
More about our collection and use of your information
1. All website visitors
Summary information is collected automatically by our system e.g. number of visitors to the site. This information is used to monitor use of the web site and will not contain information that can identify you as an individual. Apart from this information, the only other data we collect is from any forms on this site that you may choose to complete.
We undertake not to pass any of your details on to any third party, except where it is required to register you with the relevant bodies to which Serpentine is affiliated, and will only use the information you supply to us for the purpose for which it was given to us.
2. Athletes appearing in our results database
We collect and hold details of name, date of birth, gender, club, email address and mobile phone number for the purpose of uploading and displaying race results for races we organise. Serpentine members and all athletes entering any Serpentine race consent to this information being stored on our server and for their name, age category and gender to be displayed publicly on serpentine.org.uk. Name, date of birth, gender, club, age category and race result data may be passed to England Athletics, UK Athletics, Powerof10, British Triathlon, Triathlon England, Tri247, BTF London League and similar organisations where necessary to aid in the publicising of race results. All such organisations undertake to never pass any of this data to anyone else.
We promise not to pass any of your details on to any other third party and will only use the information you supply to us for the purpose for which it was given to us.
3. Serpentine members
All personal details supplied when you joined the club, whether online or otherwise, are held on our server. We will not sell or give your details to any third party, other than the minimum required to register you with our affiliating bodies, and as per paragraph 2 above for members' results in any race they might do.
You may opt to share your contact details with other members of the club; you can decide which information you want to share on the "Edit personal details" screen. Contact information that you choose not to share can be seen only by officers of the club. Information that you choose to share can only be seen by other members of the club who have logged in to the database; this means, for example, that your email address is not visible through the website to junk mailers.
For those members choosing to register with England Athletics via Serpiebase (all members who wish to compete in competitions held under UKA rules need to do so) Serpentine will transfer your personal data (name, date of birth, gender, club, address, email address, phone number and mobile phone number) to England Athletics. England Athletics will enable access to an online portal (MyAthletics) and contact you to invite you to sign into and update your profile (which, amongst other things, allows you to set and amend your privacy settings). If you have any questions about the continuing privacy of your personal data when it is shared with England Athletics, please contact dataprotection@englandathletics.org.
In addition to passing data to EA, Serpentine may share the minimum necessary personal data (name, date of birth, gender, club, age category) with leagues, county associations and other competition providers as necessary for entries to events. All such organisations undertake to never pass any of this data to anyone else.
As part of organising race events for club members, as a condition of entry, Serpentine may require you to upload images and photos to image hosting providers (e.g. Dropbox) for timing verification and other purposes. Entering such races is entirely optional. As an independently run third-party Dropbox may collect and use the information you provide to them according to their own privacy policy.
Cookies
We may also store information about you using cookies (these are small files which are sent by us to your computer or other access device) which we can access when you visit our site in future. We do this to to verify that you are registered as a user to save you having to login every time you visit the site, and to store some of your preferences such as how to display results.
Use of our website implies acceptance of our use of cookies.
You can manage these small files yourself and learn more about them through "Internet browser cookies - what they are and how to manage them" or at www.aboutcookies.org.
Third party sites
This web site contains links to other web sites. Please be notified that Serpentine cannot be held responsible for the privacy practices of other web sites. We encourage all visitors to be aware and read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information.
Serpentine has the following social media pages: Facebook, Twitter, Instagram. All members are free to join these pages. If you join one of the social media pages, please note that provider of the social media platforms have their own privacy policies and that Serpentine does not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal information on the Serpentine social media pages.
Contact
We may contact you by phone, email or social media. If you prefer a particular contact means over another please just let us know.
Copyright • Disclaimer • Privacy & cookies • Site info