http://www.golfcan.net/about/privacy.php
The Rockies
Pacific Coast
Thompson - Okanagan
Mont Tremblant
Privacy Policy
golfcan.net is committed to protecting the privacy of people whose personal information is held by our company through responsible information management practices. Any personal information provided to golfcan.net is collected, used and disclosed in accordance with British Columbia’s Personal Information Protection Act (PIPA).
When you visit our website to browse or download information, we gather and store certain information about your visit. The following information is automatically collected and stored:
The Internet Protocol Address and domain name used. The Internet Protocol address is a numerical identifier assigned either to your Internet service provider or directly to your computer. This address can be translated to determine the domain name of your service provider (e.g. aol.com or earthlink.com);
The type of browser and operating system;
The date and time of the visit;
The web pages or services accessed.
Information collected automatically is used for purposes such as assessing system performance, improving web services and website management. We do not use this data to determine your identity unless required to do so as part of an internal investigation or other law enforcement purpose.
Personal information is collected, used, disclosed and retained by our website is done so under the authority of British Columbia’s Personal Information Protection Act (PIPA). Personal information will only be used by authorized staff to fulfill the purpose for which it was originally collected or for a use consistent with that purpose unless you expressly consent otherwise. We do not disclose your information to other public bodies or individuals except as authorized by PIPA.
golfcan.net does not collect personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to use specific online services. However, if you choose not to provide the information required for online services you may still be able to access our services by traditional methods such as personal contact, fax or mail. Your decision not to participate in electronic service delivery activities will not impair your ability to browse the website, read or download any information provided on the site.
Links to Other Websites
Visitors should be aware our website may include links to websites operated by other private businesses, government agencies, and non-profit organizations. When you click a link to visit another site, this Privacy Policy will not apply, however, you may be subject to the Privacy Policy of that new site, if one exists. golfcan.net is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of external websites.
Any questions, concerns or complaints regarding this Privacy Policy must be directed to the Privacy Officer. If your complaint is not resolved to your satisfaction the PIPA provides a mechanism for independent review by contacting the Information and Privacy Commissioner.
Please note: golfcan.net is not associated with any previous owners of the golfcan.net domain name.
Contact Us
Customer Support |
Advertising
BOOK TEE TIMES
Reserve Now! Canadian Rockies, Columbia Valley, Kelowna, Thompson and Okanagan Valleys, Vancouver, Whistler, Victoria and Vancouver Island.
FIND GOLF DEALS
Banff
- Canmore - BC Rockies
- Kootenays - Kamloops - Okanagan
- Whistler
- Vancouver
- Victoria
- Vancouver Island - Mont Tremblant
Home | About Us | Contact Us | Privacy Policy | Legal    © Copyright golfcan.net and LeadsLogic, 2020.