http://www.detroittigersweblog.com/privacy/
This is the web site of Detroit Tigers Weblog.
Questions or concerns can be submitted via the form at the bottom of the page
We collect only the domain name, but not the e-mail address of visitors to our Web page.
We use several statistical services (Sitemeter, Statcounter, Quantcast, and Google Analytics) that capture browser, operating system, and IP information.
This information is aggregated to better understand general, non-individual, user behavior to enhance and improve the website.
E-mail addresses are collected for those who post comments on the site, register for the site, or submit comments via the contact form.
In these instances you may receive e-mail from the site administrator, but only as it relates to the specific communication initiated by the originator.
For those that use the Email This function the senders and receivers email addresses are collected but will not be sold or used for unsolicited contact.
For those that subscribe to the site feed using Feedburners e-mail service your email address will be collected.
Communication to this address will only be as it relates to the Feedburner service.
In each of the cases where an email address is collected the site will not sell or share email addresses with other organizations.
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to and identify new users from returning users to offer different elements of the web page.
We also use cookies for commenting functionality.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you will only receive the information for which you provided us your address.
With respect to Ad Servers: This site uses the following companies as a source for revenue: Google, Yahoo, Stubhub, Amazon. As a result of your visit to our site, ad server companies may collect information such as your domain type, your IP address and clickstream information.
We reserve the right to make changes to this privacy policy.
Leave a Reply Cancel reply
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name *
Email *
Website
This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed.
News, views, and analysis on the Detroit Tigers and baseball
Tickets and other services
If you'd like to become a DTW sponsor, send an email to sponsors at detroittigersweblog.com
MLB Rumors & News>