http://www.texasfootball.com/terms-of-service/?ref=footer_nav
Terms Of ServiceDave Campbell’s Texas Football Terms of Service
By becoming a Subscriber to Dave Campbell’s Texas Football you agree to be bound by this terms of service. This agreement is subject to change or updated by Dave Campbell’s Texas Football or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC at any time without notice to you.
Payment Obligation and Credit Card Authorization
All subscription/membership fees are non-refundable. The Subscriber is responsible for paying periodic subscription fees, and hereby authorizes Dave Campbell’s Texas Football to charge the subscriber's credit card, debit card, or bank account, to pay for the ongoing cost of subscriptions/membership fees via automatic debit. Subscription plans, offerings and length of terms offered may change upon notice. Unless specifically stated, subscribers will be automatically renewed for a term equal to the original term upon expiration of the then-current term, and continually thereafter, unless the Subscriber terminates the subscription by email to subservice@texasfootball.com at least 96 hours prior to the renewal date. When termination is requested by a Subscriber, there is no refund for any unused portion of the current subscription. Subscriber acknowledges and agrees that the authorization to charge Subscriber's credit card for services shall automatically transfer to any successors or assigns of Service for substantially similar services at the same website and/or magazines. Subscriber may not assign or transfer his or her subscription to any other person or entity. Should Subscriber request a refund which is denied for a valid reason under these Terms of Service, and should Subscriber subsequently file a claim against Dave Campbell’s Texas Football, Dave Campbell’s Texas Football  and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC shall be entitled to collect from Subscriber all costs (including attorneys fees) associated with defending such a claim. To protect against potential fraud, Dave Campbell’s Texas Football  and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC shall may take steps to verify the validity of the credit card information you provide to us. The verification process may include debiting an amount between $0.01 and $0.99 from your credit card account and then crediting the same amount back to your credit card or otherwise ceasing the transaction, and also may include asking you to verify the amount debited in order to confirm that you are in possession of your credit card. Dave Campbell’s Texas Football and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC shall will only use this process to screen for fraud and will not otherwise debit your credit card account except as part of a transaction conducted through your account for the Service. By providing Dave Campbell’s Texas Football  and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC    with your credit card information, you authorize Dave Campbell’s Texas Football  and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC shall to debit and credit your credit card account for an amount less than one dollar for such verification purposes.
Upgrades/Downgrades
Subscriber may request to upgrade or downgrade his/her subscription prior to the anniversary date/renewal date.  Our system does not allow for a prorated charge or refund.  All upgrades will be charged the full difference between and subscription packages regardless of when the transaction occurs.  All downgrades will only be reflected upon the next renewal date of the subscription.  Dave Campbell’s Texas Football and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC may, at its discretion, decide to credit/debit the difference on a case-by-case basis.
Free Trial Memberships and Coupons
Dave Campbell’s Texas Football and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC shall occasionally offer promotional free trial subscriptions. Subscribers that sign up for a free trial will be automatically renewed at the normal subscription rate at the end of the trial period, unless the Subscriber cancels at least 48 hours before the end of the trial. Only one free trial period is allowed per subscriber. Subsequent subscriptions do not qualify for free trials. Dave Campbell’s Texas Football and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC may offer coupons or other promotional offers from time to time. In these situations, a special discounted price may be applicable for a term, followed by a higher price after the initial promotional term. By subscribing, you agree that you will be responsible for all payments as specified in the offer, and you agree that Dave Campbell’s Texas Football  and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC  may adjust the pricing of such plans, as specified in the offer, promotional materials or coupon, without notice or other communication to you. Some sites will occasionally piggyback other free offers with the free trial offer. In this case, the user must actually complete the free trial and be charged one time before they are eligible to receive the additional free offer.
Message Boards/discussion engines
Dave Campbell’s Texas Football and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC may offer both free and Subscriber-only message boards/discussion engines on any online portal we own.  The accepted standards of conduct in these communities, as well as our other message board communities, are determined by the publishing partner of Dave Campbell’s Texas Football and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC. Subscribers and registered users agree that Dave Campbell’s Texas Football and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC have the right to enforce these standards, including deletion of posts, blacklisting/banning users, or removing access to premium message boards with no refund to the Subscriber.  Dave Campbell’s Texas Football and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC shall continue to provide other benefits to the subscriber that are not part of the message board/discussion engines with no refund or partial refund at its discretion.  By subscribing, registering or using the sites, you agree that Dave Campbell’s Texas Football  and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC and board moderators of the sites have the right, in addition to other rights, to delete your posts or blacklist you or any other user at any time, if they believe that action is in the best interest of the sites, for whatever reason, and the reason need not be disclosed.
Subscriber Information
Subscriber must promptly inform Dave Campbell’s Texas Football  and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC of any of the following: changes in the expiration date of any credit card used in connection with the service; changes in home or billing address; and apparent breaches of security, such as loss, theft, or unauthorized disclosure or use of an ID or password. Until Dave Campbell’s Texas Football and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC is notified by e-mail of a breach in security, the Subscriber will remain liable for any unauthorized use of the subscription and/or message boards and/or discussion engines.
Access
Subscribers are responsible for providing all personal computer and communications equipment necessary to gain access to the Service. Access to and use of the subscription and/or message boards and/or discussion engines is through a combination of an ID and a password. Each Subscriber must keep his password strictly confidential.   Dave Campbell’s Texas Football and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC  will not release passwords for any reason, except as may be specifically required by law or court order. Unauthorized access to the subscription and/or message boards and/or discussion engines is a breach of this Agreement and a violation of law.
Warranty
No warranty is made by Dave Campbell’s Texas Football  and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC  regarding any information, services, or products provided through or in connection with the subscription service, and Dave Campbell’s Texas Football  and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC   hereby expressly disclaims any and all warranties, including without limitation: any warranties as to the availability, accuracy, or content of information, products, or services; any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. Some states/provinces do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to you. The Subscriber hereby warrants and represents that he or she is in all respects is qualified and competent to enter into this agreement.
Links to Third Party Sites
The Dave Campbell’s Texas Football and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC  may contain images of and links to third party web sites ("Linked Sites"). The Linked Sites are not under the control of Dave Campbell’s Texas Football  and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC   and Dave Campbell’s Texas Football  and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC   is not responsible for the contents of any Linked Site, including without limitation any link contained in a Linked Site, or any changes or updates to a Linked Site. Riva is not responsible for webcasting or any other form of transmission received from any Linked Site nor is Dave Campbell’s Texas Football and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC   responsible if the Linked Site is not working appropriately. Dave Campbell’s Texas Football  and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC   is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Dave Campbell’s Texas Football  and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC   of the site or any association with its operators. You are responsible for viewing and abiding by the privacy statements and terms of use posted at the Linked Sites. Any dealings with third parties (including advertisers) included within the Dave Campbell’s Texas Football  and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC   sites or services or participation in promotions, including the delivery of and the payment for goods and services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings or promotions, are solely between you and the advertiser or other third party. Dave Campbell’s Texas Football and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC   shall not be responsible or liable for any part of any such dealings or promotions. By subscribing, registering, or using any of the Dave Campbell’s Texas Football  and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC   sites, you agree that you indemnify Dave Campbell’s Texas Football  and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC   from any liability whatsoever associated with your dealings with these third parties.
Limitation of Liability
Dave Campbell’s Texas Football and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC   is not obligated to monitor the content on this site. However, with respect to the use of the products and services offered on this site, Dave Campbell’s Texas Football  and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC   reserves the right to disclose any information or materials as necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or government request, or to edit, refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part, from the this site, in Dave Campbell’s Texas Football  and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC  's sole discretion, without notice at any time. This site may contain message board services, chat areas, communities, personal pages, pages created and/or maintained by publishers, or other communication facilities. You agree to use these facilities only to post, send and receive messages and material that are proper and related to the particular facility, and to comply with all applicable laws and these Terms of Use and Notices. Dave Campbell’s Texas Football and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC   reserves the right, but is not obligated, to review materials posted to this site and to remove any such materials and/or edit such materials in its sole discretion, without notice at any time. In addition, Dave Campbell’s Texas Football and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC   reserves the right to terminate your access to any or all of the sites and services at any time without notice for any reason whatsoever. Furthermore, Dave Campbell’s Texas Football and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC   reserves the right to terminate or change any part of the site at any time. Dave Campbell’s Texas Football and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC   is not obligated to monitor the content on this site. However, with respect to the use of the community facilities mentioned above, Dave Campbell’s Texas Football  and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC   reserves the right to disclose any information or materials as necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, or to edit, refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part, from the site or service, in Dave Campbell’s Texas Football  and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC  's sole discretion. You acknowledge that the community services are public and not private communications, therefore your communications may be read by others without your knowledge. Always use caution when giving out any personally identifying information about yourself or others in any public area. Dave Campbell’s Texas Football  and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC   specifically disclaims any liability with regard to the community areas on our site, or the content published by publishers under their publishing agreements, in which they agree that they are fully responsible for the content they post on the site. Forum managers and hosts of the community services, message boards, chat rooms, etc. are not authorized Dave Campbell’s Texas Football  and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC   agents or spokespersons, are not able to bind Dave Campbell’s Texas Football  and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC  , nor do their views necessarily reflect those of Dave Campbell’s Texas Football  and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC  . The information, services, information, and other material included in or available through this site may not be complete, and may include inaccuracies or errors, and may also be modified or deleted from time to time. Advice, information, products, services or other materials received via this site should not be relied upon for decisions or other critical purposes. By registering to post on Dave Campbell’s Texas Football  and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC  ' message boards, you agree that you are solely responsible for the content of your posts (defined as all content posted by you on the message boards, including actual posts, user profiles, signatures, etc.). This responsibility includes full liability for copyright infringement, libel/slander, and other liability, and you hereby agree to indemnify Dave Campbell’s Texas Football  and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC    Inc., Dave Campbell’s Texas Football  and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC  .com, and their respective officers, agents, partners, employees and subcontractors, and Dave Campbell’s Texas Football  and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC  ' publishers from any and all liability associated with the above. You agree that you own the content of your posts, but that you grant Dave Campbell’s Texas Football  and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC   the right to reproduce or republish the content of your posts, in full or in part, for any purpose, as well as the right to grant permission for other reproduction or republishing of the posts by a third party. In addition, by registering on this site and/or by using this site, you agree that you recognize that all other users are solely responsible for the content of their posts and that they have indemnified Dave Campbell’s Texas Football  and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC   (see above) as you have. You agree that you will not hold Dave Campbell’s Texas Football  and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC    Inc., Dave Campbell’s Texas Football  and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC  , and their respective officers, agents, partners, employees or subcontractors, owners, or agents responsible for the actions of posters on the message boards. By registering or subscribing on this site, you agree that you are giving explicit consent to Dave Campbell’s Texas Football and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC   to send to you various emails, including marketing emails of various types. You hereby agree that, although Dave Campbell’s Texas Football  and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC   may provide methods for opting out of these emails, that these emails are not 'unsolicited emails' or 'spam', and that you will indemnify and hold harmless Dave Campbell’s Texas Football  and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC  , its owners, managers, employees, publishers, and other agents from any liability whatsoever associated with these emails, Dave Campbell’s Texas Football  and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC  ' sending of these emails, and/or your receipt thereof. Your access to and use of this site, and products and services of this site, is at your own risk. Dave Campbell’s Texas Football  and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC  , and its members and sponsors, will not be liable for any damage, loss or disclosure of information, data, revenue, accounts or business that occurs in connection with your use of the this site Network, or such products or services. Dave Campbell’s Texas Football and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC   makes no guarantees of any kind regarding the dependability, accuracy, security, timeliness or availability of the this site Network, or such products or services. Without limiting the foregoing, Dave Campbell’s Texas Football  and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC    Inc., Dave Campbell’s Texas Football  and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC   AND/OR ITS RESPECTIVE SUPPLIERS, PUBLISHERS, PARTNERS, SPONSORS, OR OTHER ASSOCIATES MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES ABOUT THE CONDITION, SUITABILITY, RELIABILITY, AVAILABILITY, COMPLETENESS, SECURITY, TIMELINESS, OR ACCURACY OF THE INFORMATION, PRODUCTS, SERVICES AND MATERIALS CONTAINED IN THIS SITE FOR ANY PURPOSE. ALL SUCH INFORMATION, PRODUCTS, SERVICES AND MATERIALS ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. DAVE CAMPBELL’S TEXAS FOOTBALL  AND/OR ITS PARENT COMPANY, SPORTS IN ACTION, LLC   AND/OR ITS RESPECTIVE SUPPLIERS, PUBLISHERS, PARTNERS, SPONSORS, OR OTHER ASSOCIATES HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH REGARD TO THIS INFORMATION, PRODUCTS, SERVICES OR MATERIALS, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL DAVE CAMPBELL’S TEXAS FOOTBALL  AND/OR ITS PARENT COMPANY, SPORTS IN ACTION, LLC    INC., DAVE CAMPBELL’S TEXAS FOOTBALL  AND/OR ITS PARENT COMPANY, SPORTS IN ACTION, LLC   AND/OR THEIR RESPECTIVE SUPPLIERS, PUBLISHERS, PARTNERS, SPONSORS, OR OTHER ASSOCIATES BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SITE OR RELATED SERVICES, WITH THE DELAY OR INABILITY TO USE THIS SITE OR RELATED SERVICES, THE PROVISION OF OR FAILURE TO PROVIDE SERVICES, OR FOR ANY INFORMATION, PRODUCTS, OR SERVICES OBTAINED THROUGH THIS SITE, OR OTHERWISE ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SITE, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF DAVE CAMPBELL’S TEXAS FOOTBALL  AND/OR ITS PARENT COMPANY, SPORTS IN ACTION, LLC   OR ANY OF ITS SUPPLIERS HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGES. BECAUSE SOME STATES/JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH ANY PORTION OF THIS SITE, OR WITH ANY OF THESE TERMS OF USE AND NOTICES, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE USING THIS SITE AND ITS RELATED SERVICES. You agree to defend, indemnify and hold Dave Campbell’s Texas Football  and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC    Inc., Dave Campbell’s Texas Football  and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC   and their respective suppliers, publishers, partners, sponsors, or other associates harmless from and against any and all claims, losses, liability costs and expenses (including but not limited to attorneys' fees) arising from your violation of these Terms of Use and Notices (including, without limitation, violation of applicable Additional Terms of Use), or any third-party's rights, (including, without limitation, infringement of any copyright, violation of any proprietary right and invasion of any privacy rights). These obligations will survive any termination of your relationship with Dave Campbell’s Texas Football and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC   or your use of this site.
Use Restriction
The material on the Subscription is for the private, non-commercial enjoyment of Subscribers only. Any other use is strictly prohibited. Dave Campbell’s Texas Football and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC   and its publishing partners spend a great deal of time and money to obtain the information appearing on its web sites. Subscribers agree that they will not copy, publish, or in any way make available publicly any news, pictures, interviews, features, or any other information from Dave Campbell’s Texas Football  and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC   web sites, without express written permission from Dave Campbell’s Texas Football  and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC  . Subscribers agree that, should they do so, Dave Campbell’s Texas Football and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC   reserves the right to cancel their subscription immediately without refund. Additionally, reuse of copyrighted information (pictures, interviews, features, videos, audio, etc.) will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law. To prevent access by multiple users sharing one account, Dave Campbell’s Texas Football and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC   reserves the right to limit access for each Subscriber to a fixed number of physical locations or machines or to a specific number of simultaneous logons. Subscriber agrees to notify Dave Campbell’s Texas Football and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC   in advance if their situation calls for use of multiple machines (i.e. student work lab, library, etc.). In addition, if such a scenario exists, subscriber is responsible for logging out appropriately in order to login successfully in another location. By signing up to post on Dave Campbell’s Texas Football  and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC  message boards, you agree that you will not use the message boards to advertise any product or service, without the express written permission of Dave Campbell’s Texas Football  and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC  . You also agree that if you do use the message boards in such a manner, and are subsequently banned or blacklisted from the message boards, and then continue to post such advertising under a new account, you will be liable for damages to Dave Campbell’s Texas Football  and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC   in the amount of fair compensation for equivalent advertising frequently sold by Dave Campbell’s Texas Football  and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC   to other advertisers, plus Dave Campbell’s Texas Football  and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC   costs of collection, including attorneys fees. Due to difficulty in Dave Campbell’s Texas Football  and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC   assessing these damages and advertising opportunity costs, you agree that the minimum damage from violation of this provision will be $10,000 (without limitation on Dave Campbell’s Texas Football  and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC  ' ability to prove actual damages in excess of this amount). By signing up to post on Dave Campbell’s Texas Football  and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC  ' message boards, you agree that if Dave Campbell’s Texas Football  and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC   blacklists you, you will cease and desist from posting on the message boards. If you are blacklisted, and subsequently sign up under new account(s) for the sole purpose of disrupting the message boards in any manner, you will be liable for damages to Dave Campbell’s Texas Football  and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC   in the amount of fair compensation for time spent by Dave Campbell’s Texas Football  and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC   staff and/or publishers in addition to any lost profits or revenues caused by your disruption and costs of collection of these damages, including attorneys fees. Due to difficulty in Dave Campbell’s Texas Football  and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC   assessing these damages and costs, you agree that the minimum damage from violation of this provision will be $10,000 (without limitation on Dave Campbell’s Texas Football  and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC  ' ability to prove actual damages in excess of this amount).
Notices
Notices by Dave Campbell’s Texas Football and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC   to Subscribers may be given by means of electronic messages or by a general posting on the service. Notices by Subscribers may be given by electronic messages.
FAQ
For answers to questions about your Dave Campbell’s Texas Football and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC   subscription, please visit our FAQ/Help Desk. All questions that can't be answered at the FAQ/Help Desk should be submitted through the Dave Campbell’s Texas Football  and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC  .com Help Form.
Privacy Policy
For answers to questions about your Dave Campbell’s Texas Football  and/or its parent company, Sports In Action, LLC   privacy policy please visit this page - https://www.texasfootball.com/privacy-policy?ref=search