http://www.lbt.org.uk/privacy-policy/
Home
Membership
About LBT
Juniors & Youth
FAQ’s
Events
Upcoming Events
News
Facebook Twitter GooglePlus Linkedin
Privacy Policy
This section of the website contains both the LBT Members Privacy Policy and the LBT Website privacy policy.
LBT Member Privacy Notice
Leeds & Bradford Triathlon Club are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. For any personal data you provide for the purposes of your membership, Leeds & Bradford Triathlon Club is the Data Controller and is responsible for storing and otherwise processing that data in a fair, lawful, secure and transparent way.
What personal data we hold on you
You may give us information about you by filling in forms at an event or online, or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. This includes information you provide when you register with the Club. The information you give us may include your name, date of birth, address, e-mail address, phone number, photograph and gender (Athletics Data). We may also ask for relevant health information and other data which is classed as special category personal data.
Why we need your personal data
The reason we need your Athletics Data is to be able to administer your membership, and provide the membership services you are signing up to when you register with the club. Our lawful basis for processing your personal data is that we have a contractual obligation to you as a member to provide the services you are registering for.
Reasons we need to process your data include:
For training and competition entry
sharing personal data with club coaches or officials to administer training sessions;
sharing personal data with club administrators and officials to enter or manage events;
sharing personal data with facility providers to manage access to the track or check delivery standards; and
sharing personal data with leagues and other competition providers for entry in events.
For funding and reporting purposes
sharing anonymised data with a funding partner as condition of grant funding e.g. Local Authority;
analysing anonymised data to monitor club trends; and
sending a club survey to improve your experience as a club member
For membership and club management
processing of membership forms and payments;
sharing data with committee members to provide information about club activities, membership renewals or invitation to social events;
club newsletter promoting club activity; and
publishing of race and competition results
Marketing and communications (where separate consent is provided)
sending information about promotions and offers from sponsors;
sending information about selling club kit, merchandise or fundraising.
Special category health data we hold on you is only processed for the purpose(s) of passing health data to coaches and other organisers on behalf of the club to allow the safe running of training sessions. We process this data on the lawful basis of consent. Therefore, we will also need your explicit consent to process this data, which we will ask for at the point of collecting it.
The club has the following social media pages: Facebook, Twitter, Instagram. All members are free to join these pages. If you join one of the Social Media pages, please note that the provider of the social media platform(s) have their own privacy policies and that the club do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.  Please check these policies before you submit any personal data on the club social media pages.
Who we share your personal data with
When you become a member of the Club you can also choose to be registered as a member of England Athletics Limited. If you would like to register as a member of England Athletics Limited, please select this option on the relevant page of the membership services website that we use, and we will provide England Athletics Limited with your Athletics Data which they will use to enable access to the MyAthletics online portal. England Athletics Limited will contact you to invite you to sign into and update your MyAthletics portal. You can set and amend your privacy settings from the MyAthletics portal. If you have any questions about the continuing privacy of your personal data when it is shared with England Athletics Limited, please contact dataprotection@englandathletics.org. If you do not select the option, then we will not share your data with England Athletics Limited.
The Club does not supply any personal data it holds to any other third party. The Club’s data processing requires your personal data to be transferred outside of the UK for the purpose of file sharing amongst Club Committee members, Coaches and officials. The Club uses Dropbox for much of its shared information storage.  Where the Club does transfer your personal data overseas it is with the appropriate safeguards in place to ensure the security of that personal data.
How long we hold your personal data
We will hold your personal data on file for as long as you are a member with us. Athlete data is updated every year on annual membership forms. Any personal data we hold on you will be securely destroyed after four years of inactivity on that member’s account. Your data is not processed for any further purposes other than those detailed in this policy.
Your rights regarding your personal data
As a data subject you may have the right at any time to request access to, rectification or erasure of your personal data; to restrict or object to certain kinds of processing of your personal data, including direct marketing; to the portability of your personal data and to complain to the UK’s data protection supervisory authority, the Information Commissioner’s Office about the processing of your personal data.
As a data subject you are not obliged to share your personal data with the Club. If you choose not to share your personal data with us we may not be able to register or administer your membership.
LBT Website privacy policy
LBT is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the LBT Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the LBT website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
LBT collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. LBT also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your postcode, code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favourites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by LBT. This information can include your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by LBT for the operation of the service, to maintain the quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the LBT Web site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through LBT public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: LBT does not read any of your private online communications.
LBT encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from LBT so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. LBT is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the LBT and LBT family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
LBT collects and uses your personal information to operate the LBT Web site and deliver the services you have requested. LBT also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from LBT and its affiliates. LBT may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
LBT does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. LBT may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, LBT may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to LBT, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
LBT does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
LBT keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within LBT, in order to determine what LBT services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within LBT to customers whose behaviour indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
LBT Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on LBT or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of LBT; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of LBT, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The LBT Web site uses “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize LBT pages, or register with LBT site or services, a cookie helps LBT to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same LBT Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the LBT features that you customised.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the LBT services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
LBT secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. LBT secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
LBT will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. LBT encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how LBT is protecting your information.
Contact Information
LBT welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that LBT has not adhered to this Statement, please contact LBT at webmaster@lbt.org.uk. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
Categories
News (6)
Uncategorized (35)
Explore
Free Text Energistically benchmark focused growth strategies via superior supply chains. Compellingly reintermediate mission-critical potentialities whereas cross functional scenarios. Phosfluorescently re-engineer distributed processes without standardized supply chains.
Recommended Posts
Tag Cloud
Membership
FAQ’s
Club Kit
About LBT
Committee
Training
Aquathlon
Ironman Hall of Fame
Photos
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Copyright 2018 Leeds Bradford Triathlon Club
Site Designed by Projeto
Home
Membership
About LBT
Juniors & Youth
FAQ’s
Events
Upcoming Events
News
Facebook Twitter GooglePlus Linkedin
Loading...