https://www.golfingpartner.com/terms-and-conditions/
Return to Content
Home
Online Lessons
Fault Finder
Games
Drills
1-2-1 Lessons
V1 Analysis
Testimonials
GP News
Sign Up
Login
Sign Up
T&C's
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE IntroductionThese terms and conditions apply between you, the User of this Website (including any sub-domains, unless expressly excluded by their own terms and conditions), and  GolfingPartner.com Ltd,  the owner and operator of this Website.Please read these terms and conditions carefully, as they affect your legal rights. Your agreement to comply with and be bound by these terms and conditions is deemed to occur upon your first use of the Website. If you do not agree to be bound by these terms and conditions, you should stop using the Website immediately.In these terms and conditions, User or Users means any third party that accesses the Website and is not either(i) employed by  GolfingPartner.com Ltd  and acting in the course of their employment or(ii) engaged as a consultant or otherwise providing services to  GolfingPartner.com Ltd  and accessing the Website in connection with the provision of such services.You must be at least 18 years of age to use this Website. By using the Website and agreeing to these terms and conditions, you represent and warrant that you are at least 18 years of age. Intellectual property and acceptable use1. All Content included on the Website, unless uploaded by Users, is the property of  GolfingPartner.com Ltd,  our affiliates or other relevant third parties. In these terms and conditions, Content means any text, graphics, images, audio, video, software, data compilations, page layout, underlying code and software and any other form of information capable of being stored in a computer that appears on or forms part of this Website, including any such content uploaded by Users.By continuing to use the Website you acknowledge that such Content is protected by copyright, trademarks, database rights and other intellectual property rights. Nothing on this site shall be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any trademark, logo or service mark displayed on the site without the owner's prior written permission2. You may, for your own personal, non-commercial use only, do the following:a. retrieve, display and view the Content on a computer screen3. You must not otherwise reproduce, modify, copy, distribute or use for commercial purposes any Content without the written permission of  GolfingPartner.com Ltd. 4. You acknowledge that you are responsible for any Content you may submit via the Website, including the legality, reliability, appropriateness, originality and copyright of any such Content. You may not upload to, distribute or otherwise publish through the Website any Content that(i) is confidential, proprietary, false, fraudulent, libellous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, infringing on intellectual property rights, abusive, illegal or otherwise objectionable;(ii) may constitute or encourage a criminal offence, violate the rights of any party or otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law; or(iii) may contain software viruses, political campaigning, chain letters, mass mailings, or any form of "spam." You may not use a false email address or other identifying information, impersonate any person or entity or otherwise mislead as to the origin of any content. You may not upload commercial content onto the Website.5. You represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all the rights to the Content you post; that the Content is accurate; that use of the Content you supply does not violate any provision of these terms and conditions and will not cause injury to any person; and that you will indemnify  GolfingPartner.com Ltd  for all claims resulting from Content you supply. Prohibited use6. You may not use the Website for any of the following purposes:a. in any way which causes, or may cause, damage to the Website or interferes with any other person's use or enjoyment of the Website;b. in any way which is harmful, unlawful, illegal, abusive, harassing, threatening or otherwise objectionable or in breach of any applicable law, regulation, governmental order;c. making, transmitting or storing electronic copies of Content protected by copyright without the permission of the owner. Registration7. You must ensure that the details provided by you on registration or at any time are correct and complete.8. You must inform us immediately of any changes to the information that you provide when registering by updating your personal details to ensure we can communicate with you effectively.9. We may suspend or cancel your registration with immediate effect for any reasonable purposes or if you breach these terms and conditions.10. You may cancel your registration at any time by informing us in writing to the address at the end of these terms and conditions. If you do so, you must immediately stop using the Website. Cancellation or suspension of your registration does not affect any statutory rights. Password and security11. When you register on this Website, you will be asked to create a password, which you should keep confidential and not disclose or share with anyone.12. If we have reason to believe that there is or is likely to be any misuse of the Website or breach of security, we may require you to change your password or suspend your account. Links to other websites13. This Website may contain links to other sites. Unless expressly stated, these sites are not under the control of  GolfingPartner.com Ltd  or that of our affiliates.14. We assume no responsibility for the content of such Websites and disclaim liability for any and all forms of loss or damage arising out of the use of them.15. The inclusion of a link to another site on this Website does not imply any endorsement of the sites themselves or of those in control of them.Privacy Policy16. Use of the Website is also governed by our Privacy Policy, which is incorporated into these terms and conditions by this reference. To view the Privacy Policy, please click on the following: https://www.golfingpartner.com/privacy-policy/. Availability of the Website and disclaimers17. Any online facilities, tools, services or information that  GolfingPartner.com Ltd  makes available through the Website (the Service) is provided "as is" and on an "as available" basis. We give no warranty that the Service will be free of defects and/or faults. To the maximum extent permitted by the law, we provide no warranties (express or implied) of fitness for a particular purpose, accuracy of information, compatibility and satisfactory quality.  GolfingPartner.com Ltd  is under no obligation to update information on the Website.18. Whilst  GolfingPartner.com Ltd  uses reasonable endeavours to ensure that the Website is secure and free of errors, viruses and other malware, we give no warranty or guaranty in that regard and all Users take responsibility for their own security, that of their personal details and their computers.19.  GolfingPartner.com Ltd  accepts no liability for any disruption or non-availability of the Website.20.  GolfingPartner.com Ltd  reserves the right to alter, suspend or discontinue any part (or the whole of) the Website including, but not limited to, any products and/or services available. These terms and conditions shall continue to apply to any modified version of the Website unless it is expressly stated otherwise. Limitation of liability21. Nothing in these terms and conditions will:(a) limit or exclude our or your liability for death or personal injury resulting from our or your negligence, as applicable;(b) limit or exclude our or your liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; or(c) limit or exclude any of our or your liabilities in any way that is not permitted under applicable law.22. To the extent that the Website and Content are provided free of charge, we will not be liable to you for any loss or damage of any kind.23. We will not be liable to you in respect of any losses arising out of events beyond our reasonable control.24. To the maximum extent permitted by law,  GolfingPartner.com Ltd  accepts no liability for any of the following:a. any business losses, such as loss of profits, income, revenue, anticipated savings, business, contracts, goodwill or commercial opportunities;b. loss or corruption of any data, database or software;c. any special, indirect or consequential loss or damage. General25. You may not transfer any of your rights under these terms and conditions to any other person. We may transfer our rights under these terms and conditions where we reasonably believe your rights will not be affected.26. These terms and conditions may be varied by us from time to time. Such revised terms will apply to the Website from the date of publication. Users should check the terms and conditions regularly to ensure familiarity with the then current version.27. These terms and conditions  together with the Privacy Policy    contain the whole agreement between the parties relating to its subject matter and supersede all prior discussions, arrangements or agreements that might have taken place in relation to the terms and conditions.28. The Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 shall not apply to these terms and conditions and no third party will have any right to enforce or rely on any provision of these terms and conditions.29. If any court or competent authority finds that any provision of these terms and conditions (or part of any provision) is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that provision or part-provision will, to the extent required, be deemed to be deleted, and the validity and enforceability of the other provisions of these terms and conditions will not be affected.30. Unless otherwise agreed, no delay, act or omission by a party in exercising any right or remedy will be deemed a waiver of that, or any other, right or remedy.31. This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted according to the law of England and Wales and all disputes arising under the Agreement (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English and Welsh courts. GolfingPartner.com Ltd  details32. GolfingPartner.com Ltd is a company incorporated in England and Wales with registered number 5013630 whose registered address is: 44 Sharpley Avenue, Coalville, Leicestershire, LE67 4DT that operates and owns the Website www.golfingpartner.com. You can contact GolfingPartner.com Ltd by email on ian.bailey@golfingpartner.com. Attribution33. These terms and conditions were created using a document from Rocket Lawyer (https://www.rocketlawyer.co.uk).
Online Golf Instruction
Within the Online Golf Instruction you will find all aspects of golf are covered in an array of video instruction with many lessons available as FREE as well as Premium Instruction to view. Simply choose a Lesson Heading and work through the instruction in the order shown to maximise a simple shot process that will ultimately improve the chosen area of your Golf Game!
Online Instruction
Fault Finder
The Fault Finder has been specifically designed to help you understand problematical Ball Flights and / or Ball Strikes, by offering PGA Qualified explanations to common swing faults.
The main aim of the Fault Finder is to help you to identify the Fault, discover the cause of the Fault to then be able to cure the Fault.
Iron Out Your Faults
Some of my happy clients
Ian inspired me to play golf when I was 12 years old
and he is still inspiring me now 12 years later and I'm now a 1 handicap golfer.
Thanks Ian
- Jonny Golding, Amateur Golfer
Been working with Ian ever since I started playing 5 years ago. Together we’ve got my handicap down from 36 - 5.
I look forward to working with him for the rest of my golfing journey and definitely recommend to golfers of all abilities.
Thanks for everything so far coach.
- George Halfpenny, Amateur Golfer
I first went to Ian on a recommendation and from the beginning I found him to be articulate and very understanding. He gradually sorted out my swing and I suppose my golfing brain.
Every so often I go and seek advice and that proverbial arm around my shoulder, and within a few shots I am back thinking I can play golf.
I would thoroughly recommend Ian, and suggest you try his new golfing website.
- Steve Garfield, Amateur Golfer
Ian is the reason I won the Club Championship and got down to Scratch. I spent too many years researching and applying Youtube videos which gave no success and made my game stagnate consequently golf become far less enjoyable.
His unique teaching style cleared my mind on the course helping me play the game properly and with freedom. Ian removes the shackles from your game whereas sadly many pros make them tighter. Highly recommended for all golfers and of all abilities. Thanks Ian.
- Tom Sherwin, Amateur Golfer
Ian’s approach is to work on the golf swing from the ground up by applying fundamental positions to create a foundation to swing from.
I was a mid 20s handicapper who might have the odd fluky round but struggled for consistency most of the time. Through following Ian’s coaching philosophy I've now reduced my handicap to 18 and have a good understanding of my golf swing but more importantly what a good golf swing feels like.
I would recommend Ian to anybody, he’s a top coach!
- Martin Cobb, Amateur Golfer
Ian has been coaching our twelve year old son for 18 months. Ian’s methods and principles are simple and easy to understand and practice with very little technical instruction.
Our son has responded to this approach in a hugely positive way and enjoys his sessions with Ian immensely. This has led to a massive improvement in his golf which last season produced a handicap reduction of almost ten shots to 23 and the competition success that goes with it.
- Mark & Leona Harris, Amateur Golfer
Ian has been working with Frazer for the last 3 years since Frazer was 10 years old. Frazer has improved his swing , course management, balance and alignment and golfing brain , with advice and introducing routines and drills that when practiced regularly and properly the results speak for themselves, Frazer’s recent achievements :
Under 14’s & Under 16’s Leicestershire champion
2018 Midlands Golf Union Champion of Champions winner
2018 Under 14’s County captain
Handicap reduced from 22 to 5
Representing U14, U16 & U81’s at County level
England Boys U16's Regional Training Squad
Ian’s approach is to work on golf basics in an easy and straightforward way. Ian has a natural ability and passion for golf coaching which offers support and guidance to help deliver goals and self-belief which is inspiring.
Andy & Nora Jones
- Frazer Jones, Amateur Golfer
Ian, thank you for all your help so far. My golf has vastly improved. The last two round being 71(+1) and 67(-3) today, the putting lesson has made the real difference!
Again thank you and see you soon. Tom
- Tom Flavell, Amateur Golfer
I have known Ian for a number of years now, not only is he a great friend but he is a brilliant instructor and aspires to help you to achieve the best you can possibly be. I love his outlook on golf and how he looks at the technicalities as opposed to digital animated graphics when teaching.
He was extremely patient and understanding with me especially as I am on the Autism spectrum so sometimes misinterpret information.
I have no hesitation in recommending Ian and his services a well deserved 5 star rating!
- Dan Foster, Amateur Golfer
Ian is an end-to-end golf coach. He will teach you all aspects of the game, building consistency and confidence that will positively influence every shot you make!
Waste your time and money on twenty minute short term swing fixes down the local range if you wish. But if you're serious on improving your golf and playing your best possible game, spend some time with Ian.
- Mark Goodge, Amateur Golfer
I've been working with Ian for over 3yrs now and I'd recommend him to all without question!
His explanation is always simple and easily understood that he backs up with some fantastic swing drills designed to create feel in the swing to match up with his explanation. He's also given me some awesome skills testing and fun packed practice games that have helped me to love me practice again resulting in me reducing my h'cap from 23 to 8 so far.
Thanks Ian, you are a credit to your coaching profession :)
- Mitchell Garner, Amateur Golfer
Wow awesome Ian
Just to let you know I took one of your online lessons last week and with the practice drills you've provided I've already seen a big improvement in my ball striking. Thank you Ian I'll definitely be back for more !!
- Benji Rogers, Amateur Golfer
Upload Your Own Video
Too busy to book a Golf Lesson at your local club?Taking a V1 Lesson is a great way of staying on top of your golf game by using the camera on your mobile phone. Simply hit the ‘Buy a V1 Lesson’ button and start your game improvement today by sending me a short video clip of your Golf Swing where I’ll professionally critique your swing, provide qualified feedback on any area of your game that will give you a clear understanding of the ‘Cause of your Swing Fault’ for you to be able to 'FIX the Fault!’My Coaching Mission Statement to you is:
I’ll expertly analyse your Golf Swing to understand the 'Swing Fault.'
Identify and simply explain the ‘Cause of your Swing Fault!’
Provide a cure to the ‘Cause of the Fault’ by using simple effective practice techniques that give lasting improvement in your golf game!
I’ll also offer on-going help and support with regular notifications about newly posted OnLine Lessons & Golf Tips in Golfing Partner.
Buy a V1 Golf Lesson
Included In Premium
One Month
Price In $
£9.99$12.99Per Month
In this 'Sign Up Package' you'll be able to access all of my Online Golf Lessons that are a series of video tutorials that cover all aspects of your Golf Game.
You'll also get access to my unique 'Fault Finder' listing 'Common Swing Faults' that relate to problematic Ball Strikes and Ball Flights. This section will help you to find the 'Cause of the Fault to be able to Fix the Fault.'
Receive a weekly Golf Tip.
You'll get access to all NEWLY POSTED 'Online Lessons' that fall within your 'Sign Up' term.
Got a question about your golf game? Simply use the 'Contact Us' form and receive qualified advice from a member of our PGA Coaching Team.
Quarterly
Price In $
£27.99$36.99Per 3 Months
In this 'Sign Up' you'll receive Premium Member Status for the duration of your 'Sign Up' term, giving access to ALL Areas and Lesson Services!
This gives you access to 3 x V1 Golf Lessons working with an experienced and proven PGA Golf Coach. This enables you to send video of your golf swing and receive Online 1-2-1 Golf Lessons that can be taken any where in the world.
Gain access to my unique 'Fault Finder' listing 'Common Swing Faults' relating to problematic Ball Strikes and Ball Flights.
Receive a weekly Golf Tip.
You'll also be able to view all NEWLY POSTED 'Online Lessons' that fall within your 'Sign Up' term.
Half Yearly
Price In $
£54.99$74.99Per 6 Months
In this 'Sign Up' you'll receive Premium Member Status for the duration of your 'Sign Up' term, giving access to ALL Areas and Lesson Services!
This gives you access to 6 x V1 Golf Lessons working with an experienced and proven PGA Golf Coach. This enables you to send video of your golf swing and receive Online 1-2-1 Golf Lessons that can be taken any where in the world.
Gain access to my unique 'Fault Finder' listing 'Common Swing Faults' relating to problematic Ball Strikes and Ball Flights.
Receive a weekly Golf Tip.
You'll also be able to view all NEWLY POSTED 'Online Lessons' that fall within your 'Sign Up' term.
Yearly
Price In $
£99.99$134.99Per 12 Months
In this 'Sign Up' term you'll receive Premium Member Status for the duration of your 'Sign Up' term, giving access to ALL Areas and Lesson Services!
This gives you access to 13 x V1 Golf Lessons working with an experienced and proven PGA Golf Coach. This enables you to send video of your golf swing and receive Online 1-2-1 Golf Lessons that can be taken any where in the world.
Gain access to my unique 'Fault Finder' listing 'Common Swing Faults' relating to problematic Ball Strikes and Ball Flights.
Receive a weekly Golf Tip.
You'll also be able to view all NEWLY POSTED 'Online Lessons' that fall within your 'Sign Up' term.
Get FREE Weekly Golf Tips!
'Sign Up' today to get my FREE Weekly Golf Tip, receive updates about my OnLine Lessons and receive News Items
START YOUR GAME IMPROVEMENT TODAY!
Marketing Permissions
Please check the box to confirm:
Email
You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the link in the footer of our emails. For information about our privacy practices, please visit our website https://www.golfingpartner.com
We use Mailchimp as our marketing platform. By clicking below to subscribe, you acknowledge that your information will be transferred to Mailchimp for processing. Learn more about Mailchimp's privacy practices here.