http://www.oaklawn.com/privacy-policy/
Download the Free App
Bet Online 24/7
Home
Covid-19
Racing
Casino
Oaklawn Rewards
Events
Dining
Careers
Oaklawn Is Now Open
New Hours: 9 am - 5 am Daily |
Click Here for the Safety Protocol Details.
Oaklawn Jockey Cub is commited to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for Oaklawn Jockey Club and its affiliated websites and properties.
Our site uses cookies to make sure you don't see the same ad repeatedly and to customize information delivered to you in various parts of the website. We will occasionally use cookies for other purposes.
This site contains links to other sites. Oaklawn Jockey Club is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect visitor's demographic information (like their zip code, age, or income level). Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site. We use this data to tailor our visitor's experience at our site, showing them content that we think they might be interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences. This information is shared with advertisers on an aggregate basis to provide a snapshot of the people who come to our website.
Our online surveys asks visitors for contact information (like their email address) and demographic information (like their zip code, age, or income level). The customer's contact information is used to contact the visitor when necessary. For example, if a customer has won a prize associated with the survey. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site. We use this data to tailor our visitor's experience at our site, continually evolving the presentation of content on our site. This information is shared with advertisers on an aggregate basis.
We run contests on our site in which we ask visitors for contact information (like their email address) and demographic information (like their zip code, age,or income level). The customer's contact information is used to contact the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site. This information is shared with advertisers on an aggregate basis and internally when applicable.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
Children's Guidelines
This website is not directed to children under the age of thirteen (13) and we will not knowingly collect or use any information from any person identified as being under the age of thirteen (13).
About
Careers
Media