http://www.msprotege.com/forum/index.php?help/terms/
Menu
Activity
Forums
Clubhouse
Marketplace
CX-30
CX-5
CX-50
CX-9
CX-90
Miata
MX-30
Mazda3
Mazda6
Other Mazdas
Resources
Photos
About
Disclosure
Log in
Register
What's new
Search
Search
Search titles only
By:
Search
Advanced search…
Latest activity
Register
Menu
Log in
Register
Install the app
Install
About Mazdas247
You are using an out of date browser. It
may not display this or other websites correctly.You should upgrade or use an alternative browser.
Rules, Terms and Guidelines
Navigation
About Mazdas247
Our Story
Earn Trophies
Your Support
Affiliate Disclosure
Rules, Terms and Guidelines
Privacy Policy
Cookie Use
Welcome to Mazdas247. Mazdas247 ("us", "we", or "our") operates the https://www.mazdas247.com website (also referred to as "website" or "Service"). The purpose of this website is to serve as a community for people 18 years old or older interested in Mazda vehicles.
I. Rules
a ) Posting, embedding and or uploading anything that is obscene, vulgar, sexually-oriented, hateful, threatening, insulting or otherwise violates any laws is strictly prohibited.
b ) Discrimination, Personal Attacks, Profanity and Pornography of any kind are all strictly prohibited.
c ) Illegal or "pirated" software of any kind must not be accessible via Mazdas247. Any link or connection between Mazdas247 and illegal or "pirated" software is not permitted.
d ) The act of intentionally posting inflammatory threads or replies for no other purpose than inciting or provoking others, also known as "trolling", is strictly prohibited. Mazdas247 has a zero tolerance policy towards trolling, meaning users who engage in such activity can be immediately and permanently banned without warning.
e ) Posting the same message in multiple forums is prohibited without the consent of an administrator. If the content of your post spans multiple categories and you are unsure where to place it, please contact a Mazdas247 Team member for assistance.
f ) The creation of useless threads and replies for any reason, especially for increasing your post count, is prohibited.
g ) Forum threads are to remain On Topic. Intentionally causing a forum thread to go Off Topic (aka derailing a thread) is strictly prohibited and may result in infractions and or being banned.
h ) Placing personal items for sale is allowed only in the Marketplace. All items for sale on Mazdas247 must follow our For Sale Rules and Guidelines.
i ) Vendor and merchant disputes from customers must be handled privately. Disputes between vendors and or merchants must be handled privately as well.
j ) If you are a vendor and wish to sell products on this site, you must be an "Authorized Vendor" (AV). Being an "Authorized Vendor" means you are trusted by the Mazdas247 administrators, moderators and members. Any violation of that trust and your vendor status may be terminated. To obtain "Authorized Vendor" status, please fill out the AV Application.
k ) If you are a member who does not have an official business but you produce a limited or custom product independently (at home for example) for sale on Mazdas247, you will first need to be an "Approved Merchant Member" (AMM). To obtain "Approved Merchant Member" status, please fill out the AMM Application.
l ) Spam is strictly prohibited. Mazdas247 has a zero tolerance policy towards spammers, meaning the use of Mazdas247 for unapproved advertisement can result in an immediate and permanent ban without warning.
m ) Circumventing a temporary or permanent ban is strictly prohibited. Mazdas247 has a zero tolerance policy towards users who re-register additional account(s) to circumvent their ban, meaning those accounts are subject to an immediate and permanent ban without warning.
n ) Utilizing only or mostly capital letters ("All Caps") for titles and or messages is prohibited and continued use of all caps may result in your account being permanently banned without warning.
II. Terms
a ) In order to protect Children's Privacy, we require all users including visitors and members of Mazdas247 be 18 years old or older. If you are younger than 18 years old, please do not visit Mazdas247 or register for a Mazdas247 account. If you visit Mazdas247 and or register for a Mazdas247 account, you represent that you are 18 years old or older.
b ) Although the administrators and moderators of Mazdas247 will attempt to keep all objectionable content off this website, it is impossible for us to review everything. All messages, posts and files express the views of the author. The owners of Mazdas247 are not responsible for the content of any message, post or file.
c ) The administrators and moderators of Mazdas247 reserve the right to remove, edit, move or close any content item. All content you submit, upload, or otherwise make available to the Service ("Content") may be reviewed by administrators and moderators. All content you submit or upload may be sent to third-party verification services (including, but not limited to, spam prevention services). Do not submit any content that you consider to be private or confidential.
d ) Please note that all user generated content contained on Mazdas247 is the intellectual property of Mazdas247. Mazdas247 reserves the right to overwrite or replace any affiliate, commercial or monetizable links posted by users of Mazdas247 with our own internal tracking.
e ) You agree not to post or otherwise make available content on Mazdas247 that constitutes or contains "affiliate marketing", "link referral code" or "unsolicited commercial advertisement".
f ) Mazdas247 uses website cookies to help personalize content, tailor your experience and to keep you logged in if you register. By continuing to visit Mazdas247 and or registering an account, you are consenting to our use of website cookies. Please see our Privacy Policy to learn more about our use of website cookies.
g ) Mazdas247 may change these Rules, Terms and Guidelines as and when necessary. Please note it is your responsibility to review these Rules, Terms and Guidelines periodically to ensure that you agree with any alterations.
III. Guidelines
a ) We highly recommend reading our Posting Guidelines before making your first post.
b ) Mazdas247 is split into many different forums and sub-forums to help organize threads. When posting a new thread, please post in the forum or sub-forum that most closely relates to your thread topic.
c ) Be tolerant of new members who are unfamiliar with how Mazdas247 is set up or with the search function. Politely give them the information they seek.
d ) Be respectful of others at all times. The purpose of Mazdas247 is to provide a platform for the exchange of ideas. Occasionally, there will be conflicts that arise when people voice opinions. Be courteous when disagreeing with others. It is possible to disagree without being insulting.
IV. Acceptance
If you do not agree with these Rules, Terms and Guidelines, please do not register or use Mazdas247. Use of Mazdas247 constitutes acceptance of these Rules, Terms and Guidelines. If you wish to close your account, please contact us.
About Mazdas247
Top