http://www.nationalbikeregistry.com/garage/privacy_policy
Toggle Navigation
Home
Add Your Bike
Search
Found Bikes
Shields & Goods
Help
Log In
English
English
Français
Home
Add Your Bike
Search
Found Bikes
Shield & Goods
Log In or Join
Help
Privacy Policy
At Project 529 we have a few fundamental principles:
We don’t ask you for personal information unless we truly need it. (We can’t stand services that ask you for things like your gender or income level for no apparent reason.)
We don’t share your personal information with anyone except to deliver on our service, comply with the law, develop our products, or protect our rights.
We don’t store personal information on our servers unless required for the on-going operation of one of our services.
In our services, we aim to make it as simple as possible for you to control what’s visible to the public, seen by search engines, kept private, and permanently deleted.
Please take a few moments to read through the fine print. If you have questions about deleting or correcting your personal data please contact our support team.
Privacy Policy:
Last Modified: September 18, 2018
Project 529, Inc (“Project 529” or “we”) respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it though our compliance with this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit project529.com and all content, services and products available at or through the website, including, but not limited to the iOS and Android Mobile Applications by Project 529 (collectively, the “Website”), and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting and disclosing that information.
This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect:
On the Website.
In e-mail, text and other electronic messages between you and the Website.
Through mobile and desktop applications you download from the Website, which provide dedicated non-browser-based interaction between you and the Website.
When you interact with our advertising and applications on third-party websites and services, if those applications or advertising include links to this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected by:
us offline or through any other means, including on any third party (including our affiliates and subsidiaries); or
any third party (including our affiliates and subsidiaries), including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or on the Website
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website. By accessing or using this Website, you agree to this privacy policy. This policy may change from time to time. Your continued use of this Website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
Children Under the Age of 13
Our Website is not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any information to or on the Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on this Website or on or through any of its features/register on the Website, use any of the interactive or public comment features of this Website or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at:
Project 529, Inc
Attn: DMCA Agent
2442 NW Market, Suite 437
Seattle,
WA
98107
support@project529.com
Website Visitors
Project 529 collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Project 529’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Project 529’s visitors use its website. From time to time, Project 529 may, without restriction, release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate.
Project 529 also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users. Project 529 only discloses logged in user IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Project 529’s websites choose to interact with Project 529 in ways that require Project 529 to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Project 529 gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up for a site at project529.com to provide an email address. Those who engage in transactions with Project 529 – by reporting a bicycle as stolen, for example – are asked to provide additional optional information, such as name and phone number. In each case, Project 529 collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Project 529. Project 529 does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Social Networking Information
Project 529 uses external social networking services such as Google+, Twitter or Facebook to create our user accounts, thereby eliminating the need to store user passwords. These services may gather personally-identifying information and share it with Project 529. The amount and type of information that Project 529 gathers depends on the settings of the service. For example, if visitor's friends list is public, the visitor grants Project 529 programmatic access to that list via the authentication service. Project 529 collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Project 529. Visitors can limit the amount of data shared with Project 529 with the security and privacy settings on their social network.
Aggregated Statistics
Project 529 may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. For instance, Project 529 may monitor the number of registrations or petition referrals. Project 529 may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Project 529 does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Project 529 discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Project 529’s behalf or to provide services available at Project 529’s websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country.
By using Project 529’s websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Project 529 will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Project 529 discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only (1) in response to a subpoena, law or legal process, court order, or other regulatory or governmental request;(2) when Project 529 believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property, safety, or rights of Project 529, third parties or the public at large; (3) the registered property is suspected to be stolen or otherwise fraudulent; or (4) to enforce or apply our Terms of Service and other agreements. If you are a registered user of the Website and have supplied your email address, Project 529 may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with Project 529 and our products. We primarily use our various product blogs to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users.
If your bike is permitted with a partner organization, additional Privacy Policies may apply.
Data Security
Project 529 has implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you.
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential.
We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure.
Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Website.
Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk.
We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Project 529 uses cookies to help Project 529 identify and track visitors, their usage of Project 529 website, and their website access preferences. Project 529 visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Project 529’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of Project 529’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will request cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website.
Business Transfers
If Project 529, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Project 529 goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, personal information held by Project 529 about our Website users would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Project 529 may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Advertisements appearing on any of our Website may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services . They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content.
This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Project 529 and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
We do not control any third parties' tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly.
Hot List Responses
Responding to a stolen bicycle hot list item or a bicycle sighting may publicly display your response, including any personally-identifying information that you include. We will otherwise not disclose your identity unless you explicitly grant permission to share your email or phone number with the original hot list item or bicycle sighting poster or if we suspect the posting is fraudulent.
Privacy Policy Changes
Project 529 may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Project 529’s sole discretion.
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page. If we make material changes to how we treat our users' personal information, we will notify you by e-mail to the e-mail address specified in your account.
The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable e-mail address for you, and for periodically checking this page for any changes to this Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Duplicate Serial Number process
If a user enters a bicycle with a make and serial number that has been entered previously by a different user:
We may contact the original serial number holder [via email] that a bicycle with the same make and serial number has
been registered.
We will not alert the newly registering user.
The original serial number holder can then confirm that the bicycle was stolen or inform us that the bicycle was sold.
In response,
we can recommend that the original serial number holder contact law enforcement authorities or transfer the bicycle registration to the new owner. If law enforcement authorities direct or request us to disclose information about a bicycle, including the owner information, we will fully cooperate with law enforcement authorities.
Contact Information
To ask questions or comment about this Privacy Policy and our privacy practices, contact us at:
Project 529, Inc
2442 NW Market, Suite 437
Seattle,
WA
98107
support@project529.com
Support
About
Jobs
Press
Our App
Blog
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
© 2013-2020 Project 529, Inc
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED