https://www.stopsleystriders.org.uk/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Home
Club Info
About Us
Run With Us
Club Rules
Club Kit
Committee and Coaches
Training Routes
Stopsley Steppers Walking Group
Club Member profile
Archive
News
Photo Gallery
Events
Club Competitions
Cross Country
Club PBs
Awards and Club Champions
Strider of the month
Club County Champions
Club Championships
Club Champions
Alf Brown Handicap Race
Ken Abbott Cup
Three Counties XC Individual Series Awards
Annual Awards
Award Scheme
Award Scheme Results
Parkrun Weekly Striders Report
Record Your Race
Links
Other Running Clubs
Running Related Sites
Tri-Swim-Bike
Host Races
Stopsley Trail Race
Stopsley Challenge
Contact
Cookie and Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is: https://www.stopsleystriders.org.uk.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
What information do we store?
We store user input data sent through the contact forms and race entry forms on this website, along with meta information about the submissions, including the time stamp, the origin IP address, and the user agent (browser). Also, third party services may collect information about website visitors.
Where does the information go?
We use the Contact Form 7 plugin to manage contact form and race entry form submissions. The information is sent as email messages that only a select few are allowed to access. The information is also stored in the database on our hosting server for backup and later reference purposes. We use the Flamingo plugin to safely manage this data.
How long do you keep the information?
Contact form submissions are only kept until the information is processed and this will then be deleted from the site.
Race Entry form submissions has no particular time limit on storing information because we need it for future reference. If you want your information to be removed from our database, please contact us. We will remove it anytime there are concerns about your privacy.
Do you share the information with other parties?
No, although we do use some WordPress plugins on this website that may pass data, including personal information, to external servers to process, such as Jetpack by WordPress.com.
We only use WordPress plugins and themes that are hosted by WordPress.org. WordPress.org’s guidelines clearly prohibit tracking users without their explicit informed consent.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Who we share your data with
We do not share your data with any external body, unless for purposes via plugins as mentioned earlier.
All information is for Stopsley Strider members and those interested parties.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Our contact information
Please use our contact page to get in touch
Welcome to Stopsley Striders Stopsley Striders was formed in 1982 from the embers of a local jogging course organised by local international athlete Tony Simmons.We now have a membership of over 200, of all abilities. From County champions to those who just run to keep fit or just to complete a fun run.
Our main aim is to keep running fun and to enjoy ourselves.
Join Us Stopsley Striders are always pleased to welcome new members, whether you are a beginner or experienced athlete.
We meet at Inspire Luton Sports Village, Hitchin Road, Luton LU2 8DD on Monday and Thursday in the Function Room, on the first floor of the Inspire Sports Centre, from 7.15pm with club notices at 7.30pm prior to going out running.
More info
Upcoming Events
Marston Forest 5k
11/06/2021 @ 7:30 pm - 9:30 pm
Run Bedford 10k
20/06/2021 @ 9:00 am - 12:00 pm
View All Events
Affiliated to: