http://www.tredz.co.uk/help-advice/customer-service/useful-info/terms
Tredz
Free delivery*
APR Finance†
Price match
trust pilot
Need Help?
Use live chat
clear search
Search tredz.co.uk
Sign in
Don't have an account?
Create one now
Track your Tredz order
£0.00 total
0 items
bt1
Accessories
Bikes
Electric Bikes
Clothing
Parts & Components
Helmets & Safety
Tech
Turbo Trainers
Help & Advice
Cycle to Work
Clearance
specialized
giant
cube
cannondale
merida
castelli
endura
altura
Home
>
Help & Advice
>
Customer Service
>
Useful Info
>
Terms
Terms & Conditions
When you buy from Tredz, we want you to able to shop in confidence and to know where you stand. This is a summary of the main terms and conditions for shopping on the Tredz website.
ReturnsDistance selling regulations mean you have the right to cancel your order within 7 days, starting from the day after you receive your goods. At Tredz we don't think that's enough.It’s easy to return a product with our 365 day, hassle free returns. We will give you a full refund or exchange on any item that is returned to us unused/unfitted, in a resaleable condition and in its original packaging (where possible). For hygiene reasons we can’t accept the returns of undergarments if these items have been worn. We understand you would like to try clothing on for sizing and fit, but please make sure you wear undergarments when trying on for size.Please see our Returns page for full details.
SecurityAll online credit and debit card transactions take place on SagePay (previously PROTX) secure servers. Communication with SagePay is securely encrypted using Comodo SSL.See our secure shopping page for more details.
Privacy statementTredz does not sell, rent or give out personal details you submit to any third party. We may use your phone number, address or email address to contact you about an order. Any personal details gathered from orders or enquiries (collected lawfully and in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998) are kept safely.Read our full Privacy Policy here.
Warranties and disclaimersAll credit card details are processed securely by SagePay secure payment services.All prices are £ Sterling and include VAT at the current rate (where applicable).The information, products and services contained on this website may be out of date or include omissions, inaccuracies or other errors. All information is provided on an 'as is' basis.All items offered are subject to availability and we reserve the right to refuse any order. Online prices may be different from in-store prices and our shops may not carry the same stock and offers as available online.Any views or opinions expressed on items are for guidance only and do not constitute any part of a contract.All sizes where quoted are approximate only. Colours may vary due to manufacturing runs and computer screen settings.Tredz reserves the right to make changes to this website at any time without notice. Prices and specifications may change without prior warning.Buyers guides and all other advice articles have been produced by Tredz to help you in your purchasing decisions. These guides are provided for general information, but if you are in any doubt, you should seek help from an appropriate professional. We accept no liability for any loss, damage or injury arising as a result of the advice contained on our Website.Your order shall only be deemed accepted by us when you have paid for the goods, monies received by us and the goods have been dispatched. Any email, order confirmation or other electronic acknowledgement by us of receipt of an order does not constitute legal acceptance by us of your Order. We will confirm our acceptance to you by sending you an email confirming that the Goods have been dispatched ('Dispatch Confirmation'). The Contract between us is formed when we send you the Dispatch Confirmation.Delivery normally takes up to 10 working days. Once checked and signed for all goods are the responsibility of the purchaser. This does not affect your statutory rights as a consumer. Tredz cannot be held responsible for delivery failures by third parties. We appreciate how frustrating it is if this happens and we'll give our couriers a very hard time if it does, but we're not able to pay any compensation.
Product Information & PricingIn the event that our product descriptions or prices are incorrect, we reserve the right to correct that price or description and notify you accordingly.
If you have ordered an item that is not suitable based upon the incorrect product description or price given, we will correct this by cancelling your order and refunding your credit/debit card or Paypal account in full. This will be the extent of our liability to you in the event of these errors.
Tredz will not be held accountable for any advice given in relation to the suitability of a product required to repair an item.
Buying with financeThe finance facilities offered by Tredz are provided by V12 Finance. We offer Classic Credit and Interest Free Credit. Finance is explained in more detail on the bicycle finance page.Please note that orders paid for on finance can only be shipped to the billing address given on your application. It will not be possible for us to ship goods to a different delivery address.Tredz do reserve the right to exclude products of our choosing from certain finance packages. These can include purchases used in conjunction with promotional coupons, reduced items and sale bikes.
Cancellations/refundsIf an order needs to be cancelled, please contact us immediately. If we are unable to fulfil an order we will contact you with an alternative or you may request to cancel the order.
ComplaintsAny complaints should be sent to info@tredz.co.uk. We endeavour to respond to complaints within 24 hours and complaints are treated in strictest confidence.
Vouchers and discount offersTredz currently offer three types of vouchers: Gift Vouchers, in-store offer vouchers and online promotional vouchers. Please see below for details. For individual promotion terms and conditions, please click here Online vouchersTredz gift vouchers can be bought online and can be used to purchase any item on our website.Voucher purchase and use:Add the voucher(s) to your basket and purchase as normal.Your credit/debit card will be charged when we process the order and generate the voucher. Please note - if you pay by PayPal your money will be taken straight away.We'll send you an email with the voucher (you will not receive a voucher by post).You can forward the email as a gift, or print-out the voucher and send that in the post.You can purchase more than one voucher and buy vouchers as well as other products in the same order.Vouchers can be used to purchase any product on our website.Our system requires vouchers to be used in one transaction, unused portions cannot be re-used.The voucher can be used on a basket value less than the voucher value, however, this means you lose the unused portion of the voucher.Vouchers can not be used on finance orders, or Cycle to Work orders. Vouchers are valid for 12 months and are not redeemable for cash.Please note: Gift vouchers can only be used on Tredz.co.uk or at one of our Tredz branded stores.In-store vouchersPlease print your voucher and bring in store to use.The following terms and conditions apply to in-store vouchers:Please print vouchers to be used in-store.Vouchers are redeemable by any person.Only one voucher can be redeemed per person.In-store vouchers cannot be used on-lineVouchers can only be redeemed against full-price products, unless otherwise stated.Only one voucher can be redeemed per transaction.Vouchers are not redeemable for cash.Refunds on products bought using vouchers will only be for the non-voucher value.Vouchers can only be redeemed against values equal to or greater than the voucher value.Online promotional voucher offers and newsletter offersThe following terms and conditions apply to promotional voucher codes/discount codes unless otherwise stated on the following page: Click hereOnly one voucher can be redeemed per person.Only one voucher can be redeemed per transaction.Vouchers are not redeemable for cash.Promotional codes are subject to a minimum spend of £30.Refunds on products bought using vouchers will only be for the non-voucher value.If vouchers are redeemed against an order value less than the voucher value, the difference will not be refunded.Promotional voucher codes/discount codes cannot be used in conjunction with any other voucher or promotion including Insurance Vouchers.Tredz reserves the right to withdraw or amend offers and vouchers at any time.Unless stated otherwise, the following brands are excluded from offers: Bianchi, Garmin, Giant, GoPro, Liv, Scott. Nearly New Bikes, Cycle to Work, Specialized Turbo Levo & TacX Neo are also excluded.Other online offersAdd the qualifying products to your basket, discount will be automatically applied to the total basket value.
Competitions
The following terms and conditions apply to all competitions on www.tredz.co.uk and associated social media platforms unless stated otherwise.
Competitions are open to all people aged 18 or over and a resident in the UK, excluding employees (and their immediate families), affiliated companies, agents or anyone professionally connected with the competition.
Only one entry is allowed per person and entries can only be accepted via the official entry format.
We won’t accept responsibility for lost or undelivered entries.
Every entry will become property of Performance Cycling Ltd (trading as Tredz).
We reserve the right to alter, amend or close the competition if necessary.
Entry into a competition is considered acceptance of these terms and conditions (which include the specific competition instructions and rules).
Winners are contacted via email or direct message and have 14 days to accept the prize
If the prize is declined, the winner cannot take up the prize or be contacted within a reasonable time, the prize will be forfeited, and another winner may be drawn at our discretion.
Tredz may choose to publish the names of competition winners for publicity.
At our discretion we may disqualify entries that are non-compliant with these terms and conditions. In the even of a dispute, the decision of Performance Cycling Ltd is final.
Competition prizes are non-transferable, and no cash alternative will be offered.
Where specific competition rules conflict with these terms and conditions, the specific competition rules apply.
Customer servicesOur customer services  team is here to help. You can contact us by phone or email, Our opening hours are 9.00am-5.30pm Monday to Friday and 8.30am-12.30pm Saturday. Tredz, Unit 5, Castell Close, Swansea Enterprise Park, Llansamlet, Swansea SA7 9FH Tel: 01792 799508 E-Mail: info@tredz.co.uk
Registered Office:Icknield Street Drive, Washford West, Redditch, Worcestershire, B98 0DE. Tredz & www.tredz.co.uk are trading names & styles of Performance Cycling Limited (Formerly Tredz Ltd)Company No. 03398601, VAT No. 484 5446 17.
bt1
Accessories
A - Z Accessories
Bags
Bells & Horns
Bicycle Storage
Bike Racks
Books & DVD's
Bottles & Cages
Cameras
Car Racks
Childseats
Computers
Food & Drink
Frame Protection
Gift Vouchers
Lights
Locks & Security
Maintenance
Map Holders
Massage & Creams
Mirrors
Mudguards
Phone Accessories
Prop Stands
Pumps
Reflectives
Stabilisers
Trailers & Tag A Longs
Turbo Trainers
Accessory Guides
Bike Lock Guide
Mudguard Guide
Bike Light Guide
Car Rack Guide
Virtual Training With Zwift Guide
See all accessory guides...
Bikes
Shop By Type
BMX Bikes
Cyclocross Bikes
Electric Bikes
Folding Bikes
Gravel Bikes
Hybrid Bikes
Jump Bikes
Kids & Junior Bikes
Mountain Bikes
Road Bikes
Touring Bikes
Triathlon Bikes
Nearly New Bikes
Shop By Brand
Cannondale Bikes
Cube Bikes
Giant Bikes
GT Bikes
Kona Bikes
Liv Bikes
Marin Bikes
Merida Bikes
Orbea Bikes
Saracen Bikes
Scott Bikes
Specialized Bikes
Shop all brands...
Shop By Price
£0 - £250
£250 - £500
£500 - £1000
£1,000 - £2,000
£2,000 - £5,000
£5,000+
Shop By Year
2021 Bikes
2020 Bikes
2019 Bikes (Clearance)
2018 Bikes (Clearance)
Bike Reviews
Mountain Bike Reviews
Road Bike Reviews
Hybrid Bike Reviews
E Bike Reviews
Cyclocross Bike Reviews
See all bike reviews...
Useful Info
Bike Size Guides
Bike Finance
Cycle To Work
Commute by Bike Hub
Mountain biking for beginners
Electric Bikes
Clothing
A - Z Clothing
Accessories
Base Layers
Cleaning & Waterproofers
Compression Wear
Glasses
Gloves
Headwear
Hoodies And Sweatshirts
Jackets
Jerseys
Overshoes
Protective Equipment
Shirts And T-Shirts
Shoes
Shorts
Socks
Speed Suits
Tights
Triathlon Clothing
Trousers
Underwear
Vests
Shop By Brand
Altura
Castelli
Cube
Endura
Fox Clothing
Giant
Shimano
Shop all brands...
Clothing Guides
Clothing Size Guide
Helmet Guide
Layering Guide
Reflective & Hi Vis Jackets Guide
Shoes Guide
Technical Fabric Guide
See all clothing guides...
Parts & Components
A - Z Components
Bearings
BMX Parts
Bottom Brackets
Brakes
Cables
Cassettes
Chainguides
Chainrings
Chains
Cranks & Chainsets
Derailleurs & Mechs
E Bike Upgrades
Forks & Suspension
Frames
Grips
Groupsets
Handlebars
Headsets
Maintenance
Nuts & Bolts
Pedals
Power Meters
Rear Shocks
Saddles
Seatposts
Shifters
Stems
Tyres & Tubes
Wheels
Component Guides
Tyre Guides
Inner Tube Guide
Chainset Guide
Wheel Guide
Pedal Guide
See all component guides...
Helmets & Safety
Helmets
Road Helmets
MTB Helmets
Urban Helmets
Full Face Helmets
Kids Helmets
Skate Helmets
Spares & Accessories
Shop all helmets...
High-Vis & Reflectives
Reflective Tyres
Accessories
Clothing
Bags
Shop all reflectives...
Safety
Bells & Horns
Mirrors
Pads & Guards
Elbow & Forearm Guards
Knee Pads & Ankle Guards
Body Armour
Back Protection
Neck Support
Eyes & Face Protection
Goggles
Cycling Glasses
Tech
Computers
Wired Computers
Wireless Computers
GPS Computers
Cameras
Sports Action Cameras
Camera Mounts & Spares
Turbo Trainers
Turbo Trainers
Rollers
Turbo Trainer Accessories
Shop all turbo trainers...
Electric Bikes
Electric Mountain Bikes
Electric Urban Bikes
Electric Road Bikes
Wearable Tech
Fitness Bands
Sensors
Speed & Cadence Sensors
Heart Rate Sensors
Power Meters
Cranks & Chainsets
Pedals
Wheel Hubs
Components
Shimano Di2 Components
SRAM Etap Groupsets
Tech Guides
Training With Zwift
Zwift Compatibility Guide
Wearable Tech Guide
Turbo Trainers Guide
Action Cameras Guide
Cycle Computer Guide
Power Meters Guide
Electronic Shifting Guide
See all tech guides...
Turbo Trainers
Help & Advice
Contact Us
Contact Us
My Account
Track Your Order
Delivery & Returns
Delivery Info
Returns
Useful Info
Bike Finance
Shops
Covid-19 Update
View all
Buyers Guides
Bike Guides
Clothing Guides
Accessory Guides
Components Guides
Lifestyle Guides
Seasonal Cycling
Brands
View all guides
How To Guides
Bike Adjustment Guides
Bike Maintenance Guides
View all guides...
Reviews
Mountain Bikes
Road Bikes
Gravel Bikes
Hybrid Bikes
Electric Bikes
View all reviews...
Top Products
Best of Bikes
Best of Clothing
Best of Accessories
Best of Components
View all guides...
Size Guides
Bike Sizing
Clothing Size Guide
Brand Sizing
Tyre Sizing
Inner Tube Sizing
View all size guides...
Geometry
Road Bike Geometry
Mountain Bike Geometry
Start Your Cycling Journey
Bike Safety Tips
Commuting Guides
Electric Bike Hub
How To Get Kids Cycling
Mountain Biking for Beginners
Road Cycling for Beginners
Cycle to Work
Cycle to Work
Cycle to Work Scheme
Get your Online Quote
Commute by Bike Hub
Clearance
Delivery
Track Your Order
Delivery Info
Returns & Exchanges
Help
Contact Us
My Account
Buying Guides & Reviews
Size Guides
Bike Glossary
Product Recalls
Sitemap
Our Shops
Tredz Cardiff
Tredz Swansea
Giant Swansea
Services
Bike Finance
Cycle to Work Scheme
Shopping
Price Match
Gift Vouchers
Voucher Codes
Secure Shopping
Privacy
Cookies
Terms & Conditions
About Us
About Tredz
Careers
Like us on Facebook
Follow us on Twitter
Watch us on YouTube
Follow us on Instagram
£5 off voucher
Sign up to our newsletter
Get all the latest deals and special offers, first.
© Performance Cycling Ltd 2020. Tredz is a trading name of Performance Cycling Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Company No. 03398601 | VAT No: 484 5446 17
† V12 Representative Example: If total purchase price is £1,399.00 with a deposit of £139.90 (10%) and your selected
term is 36 months Classic Credit 15.9% APR (interest rate 8.17% fixed), you would pay £43.55 per month. Total charge for credit will be £308.70 and total amount repayable is £1707.70,
subject to terms and status.
PayPal Credit is subject to status. Terms and Conditions apply. Performance Cycling Limited acts as a broker and offers credit from PayPal Credit.
PayPal Credit is trading name of PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. et Cie, S.C.A. Société en Commandite par Actions Registered Office: 22-24 Boulevard Royal L-2449, Luxembourg.
† Full Representative Example: Representative 19.9% APR (variable), Purchase interest rate 19.9% p.a. (variable), Assumed credit limit £1,200.00.
We use cookies to provide you with the best possible experience. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media,
advertising and analytics partners. View our cookies policy to find out more