http://www.arcoarena.com/en-us/southwest/privacy-policy/
Skip Navigation
COVID-19: Learn more about what ARCO is doing to protect employees and customers.
COVID-19: Learn more about what ARCO is doing to protect employees and customers.
Toggle navigation
ARCO Value
Payment Options
Say Hello
Find A Station
GO
ARCOValue
PaymentOptions
SayHello
Station Near You
Locating...
Find A Station
Privacy Policy
THIS PRIVACY POLICY APPLIES TO OUR SITES.
This Policy describes how we treat personal information on the websites where it is located. It also applies to our mobile sites. This policy does not apply to the websites and practices of Tesoro Corporation. It also does not apply to the practices of Tesoro Corporation’s subsidiaries or other affiliates.
WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM AND ABOUT YOU.
Personal Information. We only collect personal information provided to us by our customers to process their inquiries, such as the customer’s first name, last name, email address, physical address, telephone number, and mobile number.
Other information. If you use our website, we may collect information about the browser you’re using. We might look at what site you came from, or what site you visit when you leave us.
WE COLLECT INFORMATION IN DIFFERENT WAYS.
We collect information directly from you. For example, if you sign up for our emails or enter a promotion. We also collect information if you contact us.
We collect information from you passively. We use tracking tools like browser cookies and web beacons. Learn more about these tools and how you can control them, here.
WE USE INFORMATION AS DISCLOSED AND DESCRIBED HERE.
We use information to respond to your requests or questions. For example, we might use your information to respond to your customer feedback. We may use your information to notify you if you win a promotion.
We use information to improve our products and services. We may use your information to make our website and products better. We might use your information to customize your experience with us. We may combine information we get from you with information about you we get from third parties.
We use information for security purposes. We may use information to protect our company, our customers, and our websites.
We use information to communicate with you about our relationship. We may contact you about your feedback. We might also contact you about this Policy or our website Terms.
We use information as otherwise permitted by law.
WE MAY SHARE INFORMATION WITH THIRD PARTIES.
We may share information within the Tesoro Corporation family of companies.
We will share information with third parties who perform services on our behalf. For example, we share information with vendors who send emails for us. We may also share information with companies that operate our websites or run a promotion.
We will share information if we think we have to in order to comply with the law or to protect ourselves. For example, we will share information to respond to a court order or subpoena. We may share it if a government agency or investigatory body requests. We might share information when we are investigating potential fraud.
We may share information with any successor to all or part of our business. For example, if part of our business was sold we may give our customer list as part of that transaction.
We may share information for other reasons we may describe to you.
We do not sell any of the personal information that we collect to third parties.
YOU HAVE CERTAIN CHOICES ABOUT SHARING AND MARKETING PRACTICES.
You can control cookies and tracking tools. To learn how to manage how we – and our vendors – use cookies and other tracking tools, please click here.
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS.
If you are a California resident, you have the right to ask us to send you the following information:
The categories of personal information we have collected about you.
The categories of sources from which we collected the personal information.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
You also have the right to ask us to delete the personal information we have collected from you.
To exercise the rights outlined above with respect to your personal information, you may call our toll-free Customer Service number, 1-800-322-2726, or you may submit a request online at https://www.arco.com/en-us/southwest/contact. We do not discriminate against California consumers who exercise their rights under the CCPA.
THESE SITES AND CHILDREN.
If the site does not appeal to children, and the site does not want to collect information from children:
Our sites and apps are meant for adults. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 without permission from a parent or guardian. If you are a parent or legal guardian and think your child under 13 has given us information, you can email us . You can also write to us at the address listed at the end of this policy. Please mark your inquiries “COPPA Information Request.” Parents, you can learn more about how to protect children’s privacy on-line here.
WE USE STANDARD SECURITY MEASURES.
The Internet is not 100% secure. We cannot promise that your use of our sites will be completely safe. We encourage you to use caution when using the Internet. This includes not sharing your passwords. We keep personal information as long as it is necessary or relevant for the practices described in this Policy. We also keep information as otherwise required by law.
WE STORE INFORMATION IN THE UNITED STATES.
Information we maintain may be stored both within and outside of the United States. If you live outside of the United States, you understand and agree that we may transfer your information to the United States. This site is subject to U.S. laws, which may not afford the same level of protection as those in your country.
QUESTIONS ABOUT THIS PRIVACY POLICY
WE MAY LINK TO OTHER SITES OR HAVE THIRD PARTY SERVICES ON OUR SITE WE DON’T CONTROL.
If you click on a link to a third party site, you will be taken to websites we do not control. This policy does not apply to the privacy practices of that website. Read the privacy policy of other websites carefully. We are not responsible for these third party sites.
FEEL FREE TO CONTACT US IF YOU HAVE MORE QUESTIONS.
If you have any questions about this Policy, please email us at rsc@tsocorp.com.
You can also write to us or call at:
Business Service Center
Tesoro Corporation
19100 Ridgewood Parkway
San Antonio, TX 78259
WE MAY UPDATE THIS POLICY.
From time to time we may change our privacy policies. We will notify you of any material changes to our Policy as required by law. We will also post an updated copy on our website. Please check our site periodically for updates.
© 2019 Tesoro Refining & Marketing Company LLC. All rights reserved.
FAQs
About Tracking
Supply Chain Transparency
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
ampm
ampm franchise
Site Map
ARCO México
Español
FAQs
About Tracking
Supply Chain Transparency
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Site Map
ampm
ampm franchise
ARCO México
Español
Back to Top
© 2020 Tesoro Refining & Marketing Company LLC
Choose Your Region
Southwest
Northwest
Upper Midwest
Mexico