http://www.shouyuliang.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Our Philosophy on Privacy
Your privacy is important to The Shou-Yu Liang Wushu Taiji Qigong Institute, and we are committed to safe guarding your privacy online. We want you to feel as comfortable as possible visiting our Web site and using its services. We urge you to read our privacy policy so that you will know how we maintain and protect information we collect from you.
Information we collect and how it is used
We collect information in different ways through our Web site. The information we collect from users of our Web site can be categorized as being either anonymous or personally identifiable.
Anonymous information refers to information that cannot be tied to a specific individual. Many persons who access our Web site do not use the interactive features that are available to them through our Web site, and therefore these individuals are anonymous to us and the data we collect from them does not enable us to identify them in any personal way. For example, we may know that 10,000 users visit our Web site every day and that 3,000 of them reside in New York, but we may not know their names or where they live.
Personally identifiable information refers to information that tells us specifically who you are, such as your name, address, age, etc. In many cases, we ask for this information to provide the interactive service you wish to use. The amount of personally identifiable information that we know about you is entirely up to you to decide. We only know something about you personally if you register to participate in our interactive Forums. When you register, you have the option of telling us who you are, where you live, what style you train, etc. In other words, we will only know personally identifiable information about you if you choose to share this information about yourself.
Our primary goal in collecting information of either type is to provide you with interactive and personal services. Below, we describe what types of information are collected and how we collect and use it.
All anonymous information we collect through our Web site is collected when your Web browser accesses our Web site. When you surf the Internet, your Web browser automatically transmits information about your preferences to our server every time you visit our Web site. The anonymous information collected by us through your Web browser helps us to monitor audience size, measure traffic patterns and identify popular services and information within our Web site. We use this information to improve our services to you and to help develop improved services based on user interests, behavior and demographics.
Most personally identifiable information is collected when you register as a registered user of our Website. However, you can access our Web site and much of its information and content without becoming a registered user of our Web site. If you wish to participate in the online Forums and other interactive services, you must be a registered user of our site and provide us with certain personally identifiable information. In general, this consists of your Email address.
We collect other personally identifiable information when you voluntarily provide it when entering a promotion or contest, requesting a newsletter that we produce or indicating that you would like to receive certain targeted information on topics that interest you.
In addition, we may also collect information through the use of “cookies”. When you visit our Web site for the first time, our server sends a cookie to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser. A cookie is a small text file that contains a unique identification number that is sent from us and stored on your computer. Cookies enable us to recognize your Web browser whenever you visit our Web site; we are able to do so through the unique identification number assigned to the cookie. If you wish to find out how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to disable cookies altogether and how to monitor when you receive a new cookie, check the “help” feature of your Web browser.
Who collects the information
All of the personally identifiable information collected on SYLWUSHU.COM is collected by us alone, unless we specifically tell you otherwise.
If we offer services in conjunction with an unaffiliated third party, we may need to share some or all of your personally identifiable information with that unaffiliated third party. If information is being collected by, maintained by or shared with an unaffiliated third party, we will notify you of this fact before the information is collected or shared, as appropriate. If you do not want your personally identifiable information to be shared, you can choose not to use that particular service or notify us that you do not wish your personally identifiable information to be shared.
We may also use promotions and contests that are sponsored or co-sponsored by unaffiliated third parties. Some or all of the information we collect from our Web site, including personally identifiable information, may be shared with the sponsor or co-sponsor. If information is to be shared, we will notify you before the information is collected. If you do not wish for your personally identifiable information to be shared, you can choose not to participate in the promotion or contest.
Unaffiliated third parties will have their own data collection and privacy policies. If you agree to have your information shared with an unaffiliated third party, we encourage you to review its policies. We are not responsible for, nor do we have any liability with respect to, these policies.
Disclosure of and access to information
As a general rule, we will not disclose your personally identifiable information to any unaffiliated third party, except when we have your permission or under special circumstances, such as when we believe in good faith that the law requires it or to protect your rights, our rights and the rights of others.
In some circumstances we may be required by law to disclose personally identifiable information. We will do so, in good faith, only to the extent required by law and only upon receipt of authentic and proper documentation. We may also disclose personally identifiable information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against a third party who may be violating our terms and conditions of usage governing the use of our Web site, or who may be (intentionally or unintentionally) causing injury to or interference with your or our rights or property or those of a third party.
We may share anonymous information with unaffiliated third parties. For example, we may match our user information, such as gender and age preferences and usage, with data of these unaffiliated third parties to help develop additional products and services to offer through our Web site.
IMPORTANT: Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose information about yourself in the public domain, for example, through bulletin boards, chat rooms, e-mails, it is likely to be collected and used by third parties. These third parties may use your information to contact you or for unauthorized purposes. Also, please remember that no one can guarantee the absolute security of information transmitted electronically.
Choices available to you regarding the information you receive
When you become a registered user of our Web site, we may send you unsolicited targeted information. You may chose not to receive this information by notifying us or by clicking on the “opt out” button on your registration profile. We will promptly unsubscribe you from receiving any of this information.
When you become a registered user of our Web site, we also give you the opportunity to tell us if you would like to obtain information and targeted content on certain topics that you have chosen from a list of options. At any time, you may change your preferences or unsubscribe from receiving any information by notifying us and clicking on the appropriate button on your registration profile. We will promptly amend your preference or unsubscribe you from that information.
We ask for contact information (such as name and email address) if you wish to subscribe to various newsletters. You can unsubscribe from such newsletters very easily. When you have received a newsletter you wish to stop, click on the “reply” button in your mail program, then type in the word “UNSUBSCRIBE” in the “Subject” field and send. We will promptly unsubscribe you from that newsletter.
Updating, correcting and deleting personally identifiable information
We strongly believe in providing you with the ability to access and edit any information you may have provided to us about yourself. Accordingly, at any time, you may amend the information about you contained in any registration profile you have completed with us, including any and all personally identifiable information and any other information such as information receipt preferences.
Changes to our privacy policy; compliance with our Web site terms and conditions; request for consent to use personally identifiable information in other ways; miscellaneous
We may amend and update our privacy policy periodically. You should review our privacy policy from time to time to reacquaint yourself with its terms.
Please note that when you use our Web site, you are agreeing to use our Web site according to our terms and conditions. If you do not agree to the terms of this privacy policy, our terms and conditions or any revised privacy policy or terms and conditions, please exit our Web site immediately.
Our Web site is not intended for use by children. Children under the age of 18 may only use our Web site under the supervision of a parent or guardian.