http://www.leagueboss.com/leagueboss/privacy_statement.jsp
Privacy Statement
Your privacy is assured:
When you provide your personal information to LeagueBoss.com (such as name, address, phone number, company name, or the products or services you are requesting) we will not give or sell your individual information to any outside company for its use in marketing or solicitation. We will maintain the confidentiality of your personal information and it will be used only to support your customer relationship with LeagueBoss.com.
We've developed our privacy policy from industry guidelines and standards, and local, national, and international laws and requirements. All privacy practices and methods described herein only apply insofar as permitted by the applicable standards, laws and requirements and as limited by the website or interactive banner you are visiting.
We may use your user ID to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. Your user ID address is used to gather broad demographic information.
Our commerce site uses industry-standard SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) encryption to protect the confidentiality of your personal information. The form requires users to give us contact and financial information. We use this information to fulfill your order. Any and all information submitted in these forms will be held in strictest confidence and not shared with any other business entity outside of your Credit Card Service and/or your Bank. We do reserve the right to contact you, using this information, to answer questions, offer suggestions and make corrections to your order.
Privacy Statement
Information Collection and Use
LeagueBoss.com is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. LeagueBoss.com collects information from our users at several different points on our website.
Correction/Deletion Form
Customer Service: M-F, 8am-5pm EST
Ordering:
We request information from the user on our registration form. Here a user must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill customer's orders. If we have trouble processing an order, this contact information is used to get in touch with the user.
Cookies:
Our site uses cookies to maintain a persistant session between pages on our site.
If refused, logging into LeagueBoss.com is not technically possible.
This cookie is deleted when you log off of LeagueBoss.com.
If requested, we will also save a cookie on a user's hard drive to store the user's login name and password for our "remember me next time I visit" feature.
This cookie is not accessible by web sites other than LeagueBoss.com.
Log Files:
We use your user ID to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
Links:
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that LeagueBoss.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Security:
This website takes every precaution to protect our users' information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line.
When our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number and/or social security number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry - SSL (Secure Sockets Layer). While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Microsoft Internet Explorer and Mozilla Firefox becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when you are just 'surfing'. To learn more about SSL, follow this link http://www.verisign.com/ssl/ssl-information-center/how-ssl-security-works/index.html.
While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line. All of our users' information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerk or a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information. Our employees must use password-protected screen-savers when they leave their desk. When they return, they must re-enter their password to re-gain access to your information. Furthermore, ALL employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices. Every quarter, as well as any time new policies are added, our employees are notified and/or reminded about the importance we place on privacy, and what they can do to ensure our customers' information is protected.
Correcting/Deleting Personal Information
If a user's personally identifiable information changes (such as your e-mail address), or if a user no longer desires to be in our database, we provide a way to correct, update or remove that user's personal data provided to us. This can be done by either, following the link support@leagueboss.com to a contact LeagueBoss, or by calling Customer Service.
MODEL PRIVACY STATEMENT
This confirms that LeagueBoss.com is a licensee of the TRUSTe Privacy Program.
This privacy statement discloses the privacy practices for LeagueBoss.com.
TRUSTe is an independent, non-profit organization whose mission is to build users' trust and confidence in the Internet by promoting the use of fair information practices.
Because this web site wants to demonstrate its commitment to your privacy, it has agreed to disclose its information practices and have its privacy practices reviewed for compliance by TRUSTe.
By displaying the TRUSTe trustmark, this web site has agreed to notify you of:
1.	What personally identifiable information of yours or third party personal identification is collected from you through the web site
2.	The organization collecting the information
3.	How the information is used
4.	With whom the information may be shared
5.	What choices are available to you regarding collection, use and distribution of the information.
6.	The kind of security procedures that are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under LeagueBoss.com control
7.	How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
If you feel that this company is not abiding by its posted privacy policy, you should first contact support@leagueboss.com by email. If you do not receive acknowledgment of your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed, you should then contact TRUSTe at www.truste.org.
TRUSTe will then serve as a liaison with the Web site to resolve your concerns.
Information Collection and Use
LeagueBoss.com is the sole owner of the information collected on this site.
We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement.
LeagueBoss.com collects information from our users at several different points on our website.
Registration
In order to use this website, a user must first complete the registration form.
During registration a user is required to give their contact information (such as name and email address).
This information is used to contact the user about the services on our site for which they have expressed interest.
It is optional for the user to provide demographic information (such as gender), and unique identifiers, but encouraged so we can provide a more personalized experience on our site.
Order
We request information from the user on our order form.
Here a user must provide contact information (like name) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date).
This information is used for billing purposes and to fill customer's orders.
If we have trouble processing an order, this contact information is used to get in touch with the user.
Some of our business partners use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers).
However, we have no access to or control over these cookies.
Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Sharing
We may share aggregated demographic information with our service network and advertisers. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.
We use an outside shipping company for credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. This company does not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
We partner with another party to provide specific services. When the user signs up for these services, we will share names, or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services.
These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we LeagueBoss.com are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other sites.
We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information.
This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Tell-A-Friend
If a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about our site, we ask them for the friend's name and email address.
LeagueBoss.com will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting them to visit the site.
LeagueBoss.com stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email.
The friend may contact LeagueBoss.com at http://www.leagueboss.com to request the removal of this information from their database.
If you have any questions about the security at our website, you can send an email to support@leagueboss.com
Special Offers
We send all new members a welcoming email to verify password and username. Established members will occasionally receive information on products, services, and special deals. Out of respect for the privacy of our users we present the option to not receive these types of communications. Please see our choice and opt-out below.
Site and Service Updates
We also send the user site and service announcement updates. Members are not able to un-subscribe from service announcements, which contain important information about the service. We communicate with the user to provide requested services and in regards to issues relating to their account via email or phone.
Correction/Updating Personal Information:
If a user's personally identifiable information changes (such as your zip code), or if a user no longer desires our service, we will endeavor to provide a way to correct, update or remove that user's personal data provided to us.
This can usually be done at the member information page or by emailing our Customer Support.
Choice/Opt-out
Our users are given the opportunity to 'opt-out' of having their information used for purposes not directly related to our site at the point where we ask for the information.
Users who no longer wish to receive promotional materials from our service network may opt-out of receiving these communications by replying to unsubscribe in the subject line in the email or email us at support@leagueboss.com
Users of our site are always notified when their information is being collected by any outside parties.
We do this so our users can make an informed choice as to whether they should proceed with services that require an outside party, or not.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on your Homepage so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an email.
Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
Home
Pricing
Product Literature
Easy Setup Wizard
Press Releases
Awards
About Us
Links
Demo
Golf Course Owners
Golf Organizations
Privacy Statement
Subscriber Agreement
133 West Second St.
Perrysburg, OH 43551
Call us toll free at 866-724-1818
© 2002-2007 LeagueBoss.com, LLC
Patent Pending