http://www.snookerusa.com/websiteinformation/terms
» Sitemap
» Terms
» Privacy
Thursday, December 10, 2020.
9:56pm PT/USA
Terms & Conditions
The United States Snooker Association welcomes you to its official website, SnookerUSA.com, who
provides this site for you subject to the following Terms and Conditions which you will have
deemed to have read on visiting this site.
1.
Statement of Copyright
All content and material on this website are the sole copyright of the United States Snooker
Association (USSA), except in stated cases for particular material or items for which all rights
are reserved. The site may be viewed and downloaded in any part to a personal computer for
personal and private use only. Any other use for material on the site must have the express
permission in writing of the USSA. On no occasion is the site content allowed to be altered
outside of the site itself.
2.
Site Viewing
For optimal viewing, the SnookerUSA.com website is best viewed at a screen resolution of at least
1024 x 768 pixels, and with the latest browser versions of either Microsoft Internet Explorer or
Mozilla Firefox – if you are using a different browser or an older version of the
recommended browsers you may experience some viewing difficulties. Be sure that java and
javascript are enabled on your browser, and that you have the Macromedia Flash player installed
on your computer. Furthermore, some portions of the website may require the Adobe Acrobat Reader
to be installed on your computer.
3.
Privacy
Please review the Privacy Policy which governs your visit to this site.
4.
Links
Links to other sites are made at your own risk and SnookerUSA.com accepts no liability for any
linked sites. All linked sites are independent of SnookerUSA.com which has no control over the
content of these sites and it should be noted that the party mentioned above does not endorse or
accept any responsibility for their content or use. Users of this site and any other, must take
their own precautions to insure that linked sites are legal to visit and use from your country,
are free from viruses, worms, etc., and any other items of a destructive nature, and from
material of an offensive nature.
5.
Terms and Conditions of Purchase
Any products purchased or services offered on this website are subject to the terms and
conditions of SnookerUSA.com.
6.
Sponsorship and Advertising
Materials and products in adverts or sponsors material on this site does not constitute any
guarantee or endorsement by SnookerUSA.com, nor as to the quality or value advertised or any
claims made by the manufacturer for their products. The party mentioned above shall not be
responsible or liable for any loss or damage incurred as a result of any dealings or as a result
of the presence of such advertisers on this website.
7.
Updates
Information may be changed or updated on this website without notice. SnookerUSA.com may at any
time without notice, make improvements and/or change products and/or services described in this
information.
8.
Governing Law
These terms and conditions of use shall be governed by the laws of the state of California
and subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of California.
9.
Site Policy
SnookerUSA.com reserves the right to make changes to this site, its policies, terms of agreement
and conditions of use, at any time. If any of these shall be deemed invalid, void or for any
reason unenforceable, they shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any of the
remaining conditions.
Membership Application
Support the promotion and development of the sport of snooker in the United States by becoming a member of the United States Snooker Association (USSA).
International Billiards & Snooker Federation (IBSF)
The governing body for non-professional snooker and English billiards in the world
American CueSports (ACS)
An organization to heighten the interest and awareness of cuesports through the support and sanctioning of competition throughout the United States and North America
Content © 2000-2020 United States Snooker Association. All Rights Reserved.
United States Snooker Association (USSA) Inc.,  2573 Buena Vista Way,  Berkeley  CA  94708
Incorporated in the state of California. &numero 2757945