https://www.chebucto.ns.ca/Policy/privacy.shtml
Help
|
News
|
Contact Us
Chebucto Community
Net
Privacy Policy
Home
>>
Policy Committee
>> Privacy Policy
Serving Your Community's Online Needs Since 1994.
Chebucto Community Net
Privacy Policy
Welcome to the Chebucto Community Net. The Chebucto Community Net is
operated by the Chebucto Community Net Society ("Chebucto"), a non-profit
Society registered under the Nova Scotia Societies Act. The Chebucto
Community Net is a federally registered charitable organization,
#BN 87287 9697 RR0001.
The Chebucto Community Net website consists of web pages at the domain
names chebucto.ns.ca, chebucto.ca, chebucto.net, chebucto.org,
chebucto.info, chebucto.biz and pages linked thereto which display the
Chebucto Community Net branding bar and which include a footer link to
this Chebucto Community Net privacy policy (the "Privacy Policy").
This statement discloses the privacy practices of the Chebucto Community
Net. By using the Chebucto Community Net or by agreeing to the Web Site Terms of Use you consent
and agree, without limitation or qualification, to the collection, use and
disclosure of personal information and to the privacy practices set out in
the Privacy Policy and to any other privacy or data collection policy
which is displayed or is included as a link in any individual Chebucto
Community Net web site.
The Privacy Policy contains detailed information about the following:
What information of yours does the Chebucto
Community Net collect?
What are "cookies" and how does the Chebucto
Community Net use them?
How does the Chebucto Community Net use the
information?
With whom does the Chebucto Community Net
share the information that is collected?
How can you access, edit or delete your
information?
What types of security procedures are in
place to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of your
information?
All questions or concerns regarding our use of your information and this
statement should be directed to:
Chebucto Community Net Privacy Officer
PO Box 9253 CSC
Halifax, Nova Scotia
Canada
B3K 5M8
Email: privacychebucto.ns.ca
Please note that the Chebucto Community Net contains links to other sites.
Chebucto Community Net cannot and does not represent or guarantee that
their privacy practices will be the same as those set out in this Privacy
Policy. You are reminded that sites that are linked to Chebucto Community
Net websites may have privacy policies which differ from those of the
Chebucto Community Net.
The Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time so please check back
periodically. The updated policy will be displayed or linked to web pages
at the Chebucto Community Net. By using the Chebucto Community Net after
the updated policy has been so posted, you consent and agree, without
limitation or qualification, to the collection, use and disclosure of
personal information and to the privacy practices set out in the updated
Privacy Policy. Personal information collected prior to the posting of the
updated Privacy Policy will only be used or disclosed for new purposes set
out in an updated Privacy Policy once you have consented to such use by
using the Chebucto Community Net after the updated policy has been posted
to the Chebucto Community Net.
What information of yours does the Chebucto Community Net
collect?
Chebucto Community Net collects two types of information, "personal
information" and "anonymous information".
"Personal information" is the information collected during the
registration process to get a membership in the Chebucto Community Net
Society and to set up a Chebucto Community Net account. This information
consists of name, address, occupation and phone numbers of the person(s)
setting up the membership and account and a photocopy of a piece of
personal identification.
Whenever Chebucto Community Net collects personal information
we will include a link to this Privacy Policy on that page. If the page
does not contain the Chebucto Community Net website branding bar or if it
displays or contains a link to a privacy policy or to terms and conditions
of an entity other than Chebucto Community Net then, except as otherwise
provided herein, this Privacy Policy does not apply and the privacy
practices of the entity that operates such site will apply.
In addition to registration for various services on the Chebucto
Community Net, Chebucto Community Net may ask you for personal information
at other times, including certain necessary information when you enter a
sweepstakes, contest or promotion offered at a Chebucto Community Net
website, or request or purchase a product or service through the Chebucto
Community Net.
If you contact Chebucto Community Net by email, we may keep a
record of that correspondence. Mail sent to the userhelp, help-answers,
ppp-help, and ccn-tech mailing lists are publicly archived to enable
others to learn from them and include the sender's name and email address.
Other Chebucto mailing lists may be privately archived.
"Anonymous information" refers to information that is not about an
identifiable individual. Each time a visitor comes to a Chebucto Community
Net site, Chebucto Community Net may collect information about their
connection and its traffic. Chebucto Community Net may collect computer
and connection information such as the visitor's IP address (e.g., whether
the user is logged on from a .ca, .com, .gov or .edu domain), referral
data (e.g., the address of the last URL a user visited prior to clicking
through to a Chebucto Community Net site), and browser and platform type
(e.g., a Mozilla browser on a Macintosh platform). Chebucto Community Net
also collects aggregate search terms from its search services for internal
reporting. Chebucto Community Net collects this user information for
purposes of site and connection monitoring and development.
What are "cookies" and how does Chebucto Community Net use
them?
We also collect anonymous information using "cookies." A cookie is a small
text file containing a tiny amount of data such as an identification
number that is transferred from a web site to the hard drive of your
computer so that the web site may identify you and allow you to use
certain Chebucto Community Net services. The Chebucto webmail service uses
cookies to authenticate you have logged in to the service and are the
authorized person to read that mailbox. We also have a website "color
change" service which allows a user to customize the displayed web page
colours for Chebucto Community Net website pages which records the user's
selection in a cookie. We may in future use cookies to manage content on
the Chebucto Community Net website so, for example, you would see an
updated display of a web page or page element based on what you had seen
on a previous visit.
This cookie data identifies your browser-- but not you -- to the
Chebucto Community Net computers whenever you visit the Chebucto Community
Net. A cookie will NOT let a web site know any personal information about
you, such as your real name and address. The coding in the cookies
Chebucto Community Net sets lets our servers know that you are using a
particular computer but nothing more. Since cookies are only text files,
they cannot run on your computer, search your computer for other
information or transmit any information to anyone.
Cookies are used on most major web sites. Most browsers are initially set
up to accept cookies. If you prefer, you can reset your browser either to
notify you when you have received a cookie, or to refuse to accept
cookies. You should understand that while Chebucto Community Net does not
require you to use cookies, certain sites, notably the Chebucto webmail
service will not function properly if you set your browser to not accept
cookies.
How does the Chebucto Community Net Network use the
information it collects?
Any personal information you provide to Chebucto Community Net when
registering for Memberships or Services is maintained and accessible only
by Chebucto Community Net, unless specifically stated otherwise.
If you enter a sweepstakes or a contest on the Chebucto Community Net, we
will use the personal information you provided to contact you in the event
you win. Any information you provide will not be shared with third parties
unless you agreed by checking a clearly labelled consent box on the entry
form. If you enter a contest, you may be asked, under the rules of the
promotion, to agree that the promotion sponsor may use your name in
relation to announcing and promoting the winners of the promotion.
Chebucto Community Net may also use personal information if it has
reasonable grounds to believe the information could be useful when
investigating a contravention of a municipal, provincial, federal or
international law; for an emergency that threatens an individual's life,
health or security;
if the use is clearly in the individual's interest
and consent is not available in a timely way; or if knowledge and consent
would compromise the availability or accuracy of the information and
collection is required to investigate a breach of an agreement or
contravention of a municipal, provincial, federal or international law.
Chebucto Community Net may disclose personal information
to an advocate or notary or a barrister or solicitor who is
representing it;
if required to comply with a subpoena or warrant issued or an
order made by a court, person or body with jurisdiction to compel the
production of information, or to comply with rules of court relating to
the production of records;
to a government institution or part of a
government institution that has made a request for the information,
identified its lawful authority to obtain the information and indicated
that
it suspects that the information relates to national security,
the defence of Canada or the conduct of international affairs,
the disclosure is requested for the purpose of enforcing any
law of Canada, a province or a foreign jurisdiction, carrying out an
investigation relating to the enforcement of any such law or gathering
intelligence for the purpose of enforcing any such law, or
the disclosure is requested for the purpose of administering
any law of Canada or a province;
to a
person who needs the information because of an emergency that threatens
the life, health or security of an individual;
for purposes related
to investigating a breach of an agreement or a contravention of the laws
of Canada or a province; or
where otherwise required by law.
With whom does the Chebucto Community Net share the
information that is collected?
Chebucto Community Net does not sell, rent or lease its membership or
client lists to third parties.
How can you access, edit or delete your information?
Currently, to access and edit your personal information, you have to
contact the Chebucto Community Net Office. Chebucto Community Net also
offers all users who have volunteered any personal information to Chebucto
Community Net the opportunity to review the information provided and to
rectify any inaccuracies. Please contact our Privacy Officer for more
details.
What kinds of security procedures are in place to protect
against the loss, misuse or alteration of your information?
The Chebucto Community Net has security measures in place to attempt to
protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of your user data under
our control. Chebucto Community Net attempts to keep such information in
secure facilities, protected from unauthorized access and kept only as
long as is reasonably required. Only persons who have a need to know your
personal information for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy
have access to the user data you choose to provide to us. Chebucto
Community Net has had long standing guidelines on the confidentiality of
user information for Chebucto Community Net employees or key volunteers
who have access to the databases that store user personal information or
to the servers that host our services. While we cannot guarantee that
loss, misuse or alteration to data will not occur, we make reasonable
efforts to prevent such occurrences. Chebucto Community Net is not liable
for any use or disclosure of your personal information that is beyond our
reasonable control.
You are responsible for the security of your Chebucto Community Net Login
ID and password(s). Please take care when using and storing them. Chebucto
Community Net recommends that you do not divulge your password to anyone.
You should log out of your browser at the end of each computer session to
ensure that others cannot access your personal information and
correspondence, especially if you share a computer with someone else or
are using a computer in a public place like a library or other public
terminal.
Use Chebucto's
Secure Webmail!
Chebucto Username
Mail Password
Set Spam Filter Preferences
Join Here!
Get your own Chebucto account
Chebucto Services
Look here for our available services and prices!
Accounts for individuals, families, non-profit groups and small
businesses!
Message @ChebuctoCommNet
Secure Online Payment
for Donations/
Membership Renewals
Donate Bitcoins Here!
About Us
Help promote us!
Who we are, what we do and how you can help
Chebucto Plus
Our Premium Internet Access
Our Community-Run
Non-Profit Highspeed Access
How to find us!
Our Message of the
Day
Our
Latest News!
Halifax
News
and Events
Halifax Region N.S. ProvincialCommunity
Resourcesand Services
TheChebucto Neighbourhood
More than 200 Groups, Organizations and Businesses
hosted by Chebucto
By Alphabet    By Subject
The CCN Beacon Our Newsletter
Chebucto Photo Gallery
Chebucto Community Net
Our Privacy Policy
Our Web Site Terms of Use