http://www.oxfordplains.com/a_privacypolicy.htm
|  HOME
|
Schedule / Race Results
|
Links  ||
Track
Info  |
Camping Policy  |
Contacts  |
Privacy Policy  |
OXFORD PLAINS SPEEDWAY
Route 26, Oxford, ME  Phone:
(207) 539-8865
|
Championship Series
|
Acceleration Series
|
|
Motor Mayhem
|
Rule Book
|
Track Facts  |
Oxford 250
|
OPS PRIVACY POLICY
Privacy Policy
Statement
This is the web site of Oxford Plains
Speedway.
Our postal address is
P.O. Box 184
Oxford, ME 04270-0184
We can be reached via e-mail at
Mike Mayberry
or you can reach us by telephone at 207-539-8865
For each visitor to our Web page, our
Web server automatically recognizes no information regarding the
domain or e-mail address.
We collect aggregate information on
what pages consumers access or visit, user-specific information on
what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the
consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations.
The information we collect is used to
improve the content of our Web page, used to notify consumers about
updates to our Web site, used by us to contact consumers for
marketing purposes, not shared with other organizations for
commercial purposes.
With respect to cookies: We do not
set any cookies.
If you do not want to receive e-mail
from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at
the above address.
From time to time, we make the e-mail
addresses of those who access our site available to other reputable
organizations whose products or services we think you might find
interesting. If you do not want us to share your e-mail address with
other companies or organizations, please let us know by calling us
at the number provided above.
From time to time, we make our customer
e-mail list available to other reputable organizations whose
products or services we think you might find interesting. If you do
not want us to share your e-mail address with other companies or
organizations, please let us know by calling us at the number
provided above.
If you supply us with your postal
address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with
information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you
do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by calling
us at the number provided above.
You may receive mailings from other
reputable companies. You can, however, have your name put on our
do-not-share list by calling us at the number provided above.
Please provide us with your exact
name and address. We will be sure your name is removed from the list
we share with other organizations
Persons who supply us with their
telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from
us with information regarding orders they have placed on-line.
Please provide us with your name and
phone number. We will be sure your name is removed from the list we
share with other organizations
With respect to Ad Servers: We do not
partner with or have special relationships with any ad server
companies.
From time to time, we may use
customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously
disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change
at some time in the future we will use for these new purposes only
data collected from the time of the policy change forward .
Customers may prevent their information
from being used for purposes other than those for which it was
originally collected by calling us at the number provided above.
Upon request we provide site visitors
with access to a description of information that we maintain about
them.
Consumers can access this information by
e-mail us at the above address.
Upon request we offer visitors the
ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information.
Consumers can have this information
corrected by sending us e-mail at the above address.
With respect to security: We have
appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to
protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that
we have collected from you at our site.
We use third-party advertising
companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies
may use information (not including your name, address, email
address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other
websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services
of interest to you. If you would like more information about this
practice and to know your choices about not having this information
used by these companies, click
here.
If you feel that this site is not
following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the
above addresses or phone number.