http://www.sportvelo.com/terms-privacy-statement/
Terms & Privacy Statement
Copyright © 2019 SportVelo. All Rights Reserved. The SportVelo logo is a trademark of SportVelo and is owned by SportVelo. Any use of the logo is strictly prohibited without permission from the owner. Reproduction of this site and its content, either in part or in whole, is prohibited without written permission from SportVelo. Contact dan at sportvelo.com for more information or permissions. All other logos or written material provided as sample excerpts are are trademarks of the respective owners.
Privacy Policy
If you feel that this company is not abiding by its posted privacy policy, you should first contact SportVelo by e-mail at dan at sportvelo.com. If you do not receive acknowledgment of your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed, you should then contact TRUSTe at http://www.truste.org . TRUSTe will then serve as a liaison with the Web site to resolve your concerns.
Information Collection and Use
SportVelo is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. SportVelo collects information from our users at several different points on our Web site.
Registration
In order to use portions of this Web site, a user must first complete the registration form. During registration a user is required to give their contact information (such as name and email address). This information is used to contact the user about the services on our site for which they have expressed interest.
Order
SportVelo enables users to purchase items directly online. SportVelo will request information from the user for ordering. Here a user must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information. This information is used for billing purposes and to fill customer’s orders. If we have trouble processing an order, this contact information is used to get in touch with the user.
Cookies
This site is created in a free PHP software program that most likely uses cookies to track statistics or your login. We like cookies and don’t use them in ways that would bug you. The shop pets don’t complain about cookies– especially peanut butter or oatmeal raisin cookies.
Sharing
We do not share information with other personal information with other companies, organizations or individuals. We scrupulously maintain our non-disclosure agreements with our customers.
Links
This Web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we, SportVelo, are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Surveys
From time-to-time our site requests information from users via surveys. Participation in these surveys is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site and to improve our services to our customers.
Security
This Web site takes every precaution to protect our users’ information. When users submit sensitive information via the Web site, your information is protected both online and off-line. If you have any questions about the security of our Web site, you can send an email to the Web master at dan at sportvelo.com.
Site Updates & Newsletters
We send the registered user site updates and newsletters via e-mail. We communicate with the user to provide requested services and in regards to issues relating to their account via email or phone.
If you feel that this company is not abiding by its posted privacy policy, you should contact the Web master at dan at sportvelo.com.