http://www.somi.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Thank you for reviewing our Electronic Communications Privacy Policy. We recognize that visitors to our site may be concerned about the information they provide to us and how we treat that information. This policy addresses those concerns and may be updated periodically.
This website is owned and operated by Special Olympics Michigan, Inc. You may contact us at the following postal address:
Special Olympics Michigan
Central Michigan University
Mount Pleasant, MI 48859
Telephone: (800) 644-6404 or (989) 774-3911
Email: somi@somi.org
Our Privacy Policy
We use our best efforts to respect and protect the privacy of our online visitors. At this time, no part of our site makes use of cookies for user tracking, content customization or any other purpose.
For purposes of improving our website content, aggregate information is collected on what pages of the website are visited.
We only gather personally identifiable data (such as names, addresses, zip/postal codes, e-mail addresses, etc.) that are voluntarily submitted by a visitor, and we only use such data to facilitate communications between the user and SOMI via direct response or email newsletters. Such data, including e-mail addresses, may be shared with our local Special Olympics Program offices for the above-named purposes.
Web site visitor information is used for internal Special Olympics purposes only and will not be sold to third parties. E-mail addresses of visitors and donors are never sold or exchanged.
If you supply us with your postal address online, you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on upcoming events, volunteer opportunities, requests for financial support, or new products or services If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by contacting us using the address or telephone number provided above, or e-mail us at somi@somi.org.
Opt-out
Our E-spirit newsletter provides readers the opportunity to opt-out of receiving future issues. For you to view, modify, or delete your records with us, please contact us at somi@somi.org.
Security of Online Donations
By clicking the "Online Giving" or "Donate" links, you are transferred to a centralized donation system provided by Special Olympics, Inc. We care about the safety of your credit card transaction: secure server technology is used throughout the online donation process. We use high-grade encryption software and the http's security protocol to communicate with your browser software. As a result, it is extremely difficult for anyone to intercept the credit card information you send to us.
If you prefer, this link also provides options to donate via mail and phone.
Links to Third-Party Sites
This website contains some hyperlinks to websites operated by parties other than Special Olympics, Inc. These hyperlinks are provided for your convenience and to recognize our corporate supporters. Special Olympics Michigan does not control such websites and is not responsible for their contents. The inclusion of hyperlinks to other websites does not imply any endorsement of the material on those websites by Special Olympics Michigan.
Copyright Information
The copyrights to materials posted on this site are owned by, or licensed to, Special Olympics Michigan. All rights reserved. The names and trademarks appearing on this site may not be used in any advertising or publicity without Special Olympics Michigan's prior written permission.
Information Accuracy
We make every effort to ensure that the information presented on our Web site is correct and accurate. However, if inaccuracy should occur, we will make every effort to make a correction in a timely manner. To report any Web site inaccuracies or to request answers to questions about our Electronic Communications Policy or questions about the information on the site, please e-mail us at somi@somi.org or write to us at the address above.
Privacy Policy last updated August 27, 2014
Special Olympics International Privacy Policy
Special Olympics International adopted a new Privacy and Data Security Policy, effective May 25, 2018. To view the online privacy policy, click here.
Close