http://www.melbourne2006.com.au/privacy-2/
2006 Media
Melbourne Business Announcements
HomeAbout UsContact UsPrivacy
Feature Your Melbourne Company Announcements With Us!
Contact Us To Feature Your Melbourne Company Announcements
Privacy
FacebookTwitterGoogle+PRIVACY
Melbourne 2006 Privacy Policy
Melbourne 2006 collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. We also collect anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favourites.There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by us. This information can include, but not limited to: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by us for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the web site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through our public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: We do not read any of your private online communications.
You are encouraged to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from ours so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. We are not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside our family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
We collect and uses your personal information to operate our web site and deliver the services you have requested. We may also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from us and its affiliates. We may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
We do not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. we may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, we may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to you and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
We do not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
We keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit on our website in order to determine what services we offer are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Our web site will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process required by us; (b) protect and defend our rights; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users and those associated with our web site or business.
Use of Cookies
The web site may use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalise our website control pages, or register with our site or services, a cookie helps us to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to our web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the the features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of our services or web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
We secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. We do everything practically possible to secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers we have in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use the latest technology available and in recommended general use at the time.
Changes to this Statement
We will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. You are encouraged to periodically review this Statement to be informed on how we protect your information.
Contact Information
We welcome your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that we have not adhered to this Statement, please contact us via one of the methods detailed on the ‘contact us’ page. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
Recent CommentsArchives
April 2020
March 2020
December 2019
November 2019
September 2019
August 2019
July 2019
June 2019
May 2019
April 2019
January 2019
December 2018
October 2018
September 2018
July 2018
June 2018
February 2018
Categories
Uncategorized
Meta
Log in
Entries RSS
Comments RSS
WordPress.org
Recent Company News
First Choice Mortgage Brokers Activate Digital Solutions Amid COVID-19
Leading Directories Showcased In John Sage Online Magazine
AussieBloggers.com.au March Focus Articles Feature Home Services Providers
Defiant Digital Confirm The Power Of SEO In A Marketing Funnel
Justice Family Lawyers Confirm Opening of Melbourne Office
© 2020: 2006 Media , All Rights Reserved | Smartia Theme by:
D5 Creation | Powered by: WordPress