https://www.iubenda.com/privacy-policy/30710801/cookie-policy
Cookie Policy of EHF - European Handball Federation
This document informs Users about the technologies that help this Website to achieve the purposes described below. Such technologies allow the Owner to access and store information (for example by using a Cookie) or use resources (for example by running a script) on a User’s device as they interact with this Website.
For simplicity, all such technologies are defined as "Trackers" within this document – unless there is a reason to differentiate.
For example, while Cookies can be used on both web and mobile browsers, it would be inaccurate to talk about Cookies in the context of mobile apps as they are a browser-based Tracker. For this reason, within this document, the term Cookies is only used where it is specifically meant to indicate that particular type of Tracker.
Some of the purposes for which Trackers are used may also require the User's consent, depending on the applicable law. Whenever consent is given, it can be freely withdrawn at any time following the instructions provided in this document.
This Website uses Trackers managed directly by the Owner (so-called “first-party” Trackers) and Trackers that enable services provided by a third-party (so-called “third-party” Trackers). Unless otherwise specified within this document, third-party providers may access the Trackers managed by them.
The validity and expiration periods of Cookies and other similar Trackers may vary depending on the lifetime set by the Owner or the relevant provider. Some of them expire upon termination of the User’s browsing session.
In addition to what’s specified in the descriptions within each of the categories below, Users may find more precise and updated information regarding lifetime specification as well as any other relevant information – such as the presence of other Trackers - in the linked privacy policies of the respective third-party providers or by contacting the Owner.
Activities strictly necessary for the operation of this Website and delivery of the Service
This Website uses so-called “technical” Cookies and other similar Trackers to carry out activities that are strictly necessary for the operation or delivery of the Service.
Other activities involving the use of Trackers
Basic interactions & functionalities
This Website uses Trackers to enable basic interactions and functionalities, allowing Users to access selected features of the Service and facilitating the User's communication with the Owner.
Contacting the User
Mailing list or newsletter (this Website)
By registering on the mailing list or for the newsletter, the User’s email address will be added to the contact list of those who may receive email messages containing information of commercial or promotional nature concerning this Website. Your email address might also be added to this list as a result of signing up to this Website or after making a purchase.
Personal Data processed: Cookies, email address and Usage Data.
Experience enhancement
This Website uses Trackers to provide a personalized user experience by improving the quality of preference management options, and by enabling interaction with external networks and platforms.
Interaction with external social networks and platforms
This type of service allows interaction with social networks or other external platforms directly from the pages of this Website.
The interaction and information obtained through this Website are always subject to the User’s privacy settings for each social network.
This type of service might still collect traffic data for the pages where the service is installed, even when Users do not use it.
It is recommended to log out from the respective services in order to make sure that the processed data on this Website isn’t being connected back to the User’s profile.
Twitter Tweet button and social widgets (Twitter, Inc.)
The Twitter Tweet button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the Twitter social network provided by Twitter, Inc.
Personal Data processed: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing:
United States
–
Privacy Policy.
LinkedIn button and social widgets (LinkedIn Corporation)
The LinkedIn button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the LinkedIn social network provided by LinkedIn Corporation.
Personal Data processed: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing:
United States
–
Privacy Policy.
Measurement
This Website uses Trackers to measure traffic and analyze User behavior with the goal of improving the Service.
Anonymized analytics services
The services contained in this section allow the Owner, through the use of third-party Trackers, to collect and manage analytics in an anonymized form.
Google Analytics with anonymized IP (Google Ireland Limited)
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Ireland Limited (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of this Website, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.
Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
This integration of Google Analytics anonymizes your IP address. It works by shortening Users' IP addresses within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the complete IP address be sent to a Google server and shortened within the US.
Personal Data processed: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing:
Ireland
–
Privacy Policy – Opt Out.
Targeting & Advertising
This Website uses Trackers to deliver personalized marketing content based on User behavior and to operate, serve and track ads.
Advertising
This type of service allows User Data to be utilized for advertising communication purposes. These communications are displayed in the form of banners and other advertisements on this Website, possibly based on User interests.
This does not mean that all Personal Data are used for this purpose. Information and conditions of use are shown below.
Some of the services listed below may use Cookies or other Identifiers to identify Users or they may use the behavioral retargeting technique, i.e. displaying ads tailored to the User’s interests and behavior, including those detected outside this Website. For more information, please check the privacy policies of the relevant services.
In addition to any opt-out feature offered by any of the services below, Users may opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
Users may also opt-out of certain advertising features through applicable device settings, such as the device advertising settings for mobile phones or ads settings in general.
Oracle Marketing Cloud (Oracle Corporation)
Oracle Marketing Cloud is an advertising service provided by Oracle Corporation.
Personal Data processed: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing:
United States
–
Privacy Policy – Opt out.
Remarketing and behavioral targeting
This type of service allows this Website and its partners to inform, optimize and serve advertising based on past use of this Website by the User.
This activity is facilitated by tracking Usage Data and by using Trackers to collect information which is then transferred to the partners that manage the remarketing and behavioral targeting activity.
Some services offer a remarketing option based on email address lists.
In addition to any opt-out feature provided by any of the services below, Users may opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
Users may also opt-out of certain advertising features through applicable device settings, such as the device advertising settings for mobile phones or ads settings in general.
Oracle BlueKai (DMP)
(Oracle Corporation)
Oracle BlueKai (DMP)
is a remarketing and behavioral targeting service provided by Oracle Corporation.
Oracle BlueKai (DMP)
makes use of tracking technologies to monitor User behavior. This Data is then used to personalize the User's experience and to provide targeted advertising. Oracle BlueKai (DMP)
may also connect the collected Data with other networks, including advertising networks, and enable these parties to track and target the User. The Owner, unless otherwise specified in this document, has no direct relationship with the third parties that Oracle BlueKai (DMP)
may be including.
Personal Data processed: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing:
United States
–
Privacy Policy – Opt Out.
Activities that do not fit the above categorizations
For What Other Purposes Do We Process Your Personal Data?
•	for registering for an account, then we process the data required to open that account (if you register using EHF Media Portal or EHF Media Accreditation Portal), to allow your registration and management of your account;•	for providing you with our services such as newsletter or accreditation service;•	for providing you with our statistics services such as player information as well as player, team or match statistics and various summaries;
How to manage preferences and provide or withdraw consent
There are various ways to manage Tracker related preferences and to provide and withdraw consent, where relevant:
Users can manage preferences related to Trackers from directly within their own device settings, for example, by preventing the use or storage of Trackers.
Additionally, whenever the use of Trackers is based on consent, Users can provide or withdraw such consent by setting their preferences within the cookie notice or by updating such preferences accordingly via the relevant consent-preferences widget, if available.
It is also possible, via relevant browser or device features, to delete previously stored Trackers, including those used to remember the User’s initial consent.
Other Trackers in the browser’s local memory may be cleared by deleting the browsing history.
With regard to any third-party Trackers, Users can manage their preferences and withdraw their consent via the related opt-out link (where provided), by using the means indicated in the third party's privacy policy, or by contacting the third party.
Locating Tracker Settings
Users can, for example, find information about how to manage Cookies in the most commonly used browsers at the following addresses:
Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Apple Safari
Microsoft Internet Explorer
Microsoft Edge
Brave
Opera
Users may also manage certain categories of Trackers used on mobile apps by opting out through relevant device settings, such as the device advertising settings for mobile devices, or tracking settings in general (Users may open the device settings, view and look for the relevant setting).
Advertising industry specific opt-outs
Notwithstanding the above, Users may follow the instructions provided by YourOnlineChoices (EU), the Network Advertising Initiative (US) and the Digital Advertising Alliance (US), DAAC (Canada), DDAI (Japan) or other similar services. Such initiatives allow Users to select their tracking preferences for most of the advertising tools. The Owner thus recommends that Users make use of these resources in addition to the information provided in this document.
The Digital Advertising Alliance offers an application called AppChoices that helps Users to control interest-based advertising on mobile apps.
Owner and Data Controller
European Handball Federation Hoffingergasse 18
1120 Vienna
Austria
Who is EHF?
Europäische Handball Föderation, also trading under its English name European Handball Federation, short “EHF” is a non-profit organisation registered under the laws of Austria (register number in the Austrian register of associations: ZVR 263489108). It is an independent legal entity and one of the continental federations that comprise the International Handball Federation. It aims at the continued development and promotion of handball. The EHF administers and organizes competitions, for which revenues are generated in order to be redistributed either directly to its national federations and clubs or indirectly through solidarity mechanisms and development/educational programs.
What Personal Data Do We Collect?
When using EHF services, we may collect any information in which the services user can be identified. You can find below the personal data which we collect automatically, the personal data which is provided to us and the personal data which is collected from other sources.
Such personal data may consist of:
•	contact information (such as name and email address);
•	username and password;
•	favourite teams;
•	player info (such as name, photo, weight, height) and statistics;
•	photographs, comments and other content you provide on third party social networks;
•	information we may obtain from our third-party service providers; and
•	metadata, for example details of your visits to the website, such as browser information, session data, preferences, settings, weblogs and other communication data, which we monitor during your interaction with the website.
Owner contact email: privacy@eurohandball.com
Since the use of third-party Trackers through this Website cannot be fully controlled by the Owner, any specific references to third-party Trackers are to be considered indicative. In order to obtain complete information, Users are kindly requested to consult the privacy policies of the respective third-party services listed in this document.
Given the objective complexity surrounding tracking technologies, Users are encouraged to contact the Owner should they wish to receive any further information on the use of such technologies by this Website.
Definitions and legal references
Personal Data (or Data)
Any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information — including a personal identification number — allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person.
Usage Data
Information collected automatically through this Website (or third-party services employed in this Website), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use this Website, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server's answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User's IT environment.
User
The individual using this Website who, unless otherwise specified, coincides with the Data Subject.
Data Subject
The natural person to whom the Personal Data refers.
Data Processor (or Data Supervisor)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller, as described in this privacy policy.
Data Controller (or Owner)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of this Website. The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of this Website.
This Website (or this Application)
The means by which the Personal Data of the User is collected and processed.
Service
The service provided by this Website as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this site/application.
European Union (or EU)
Unless otherwise specified, all references made within this document to the European Union include all current member states to the European Union and the European Economic Area.
Cookie
Cookies are Trackers consisting of small sets of data stored in the User's browser.
Tracker
Tracker indicates any technology - e.g Cookies, unique identifiers, web beacons, embedded scripts, e-tags and fingerprinting - that enables the tracking of Users, for example by accessing or storing information on the User’s device.
Legal information
This privacy statement has been prepared based on provisions of multiple legislations, including Art. 13/14 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation).
This privacy policy relates solely to this Website, if not stated otherwise within this document.
Latest update: July 21, 2020
iubenda hosts this content and only collects the Personal Data strictly necessary for it to be provided.
Show the complete Privacy Policy