http://www.kingsknowe.com/about-the-club/kgc-privacy-policy/
Sponsor a Tee
For information on how to sponsor one of our great brand new Tee Signs, contact clubmanager@kingsknowe.com or call 07428918234
Meeting Rooms For Hire
We have meeting rooms for hire for all your needs – whether with or without catering and/or golf, we will arrange your event for you.  Conferences, seminars, AGMs catered for.  Contact Amy at bar@kingsknowe.com
Join the ClubThe only way to guarantee a game of golf at Kingsknowe when the restrictions are lifted is to join the club as a member.  It is more than likely that there will be less tee times, with restrictions on the number of players per tee time, and therfore priority will be will be given to members who will be able to book in advance and on-line.  As soon as we have the green light to open up the course, 2020 memberships will re-open and you will have two choices:  1) part year membership up to the 31st of December 2020 or 2) 12 month membership from date of joining.   To register your interest, email clubmanager@kingsknowe.com and we will send you full details immediately.
Subscribe to our enewsWherever you are, you can stay connected with and informed about our club.you can stay connected with and informed about our club.  To receive the latest information from and about Kingsknowe, sign up to our enewsletter here.  Our E-News will be distributed regularly and will include feature articles about club members, our social events and our golf competitions.  Alternatively, visit our News section or the noticeboard of the Members Area.
Subscribe to our Weekly E-News
Email Address
First Name
Last Name
Gender
Email Format
html
text
DownloadsKGC GDPR Policy
KGC Privacy Policy
Privacy & Cookies Notice
Here at Kingsknowe Golf Club, we’re committed to respecting your privacy.  This Privacy & Cookies Notice explains when and why we collect personal information about visitors to our website, how we use their information and what we do to protect it.  We may update this page from time to time so would encourage you to check it occasionally to ensure that you’re happy with any changes. By using our website, you’re agreeing to be bound by this Privacy & Cookies Notice.
Any questions regarding our Privacy & Cookies Notice and approach to protecting your rights as a website user should be sent by email to clubmanager@kingsknowe.com.
How do we collect information from you?
We obtain information about you when you use our website, join our club as a member or make an event or outing enquiry.
What type of information is collected from you?
The information we collect might include your name, postal address, email address, telephone number, IP address and information about what website pages are accessed and when.
How is your information used – we may use your information to:
contact you about our services
let you know about any changes to our services
seek your views or comments in relation to the services we provide
send you newsletters
We review our retention periods for personal information on a regular basis and will hold your details on our systems for as long as is necessary to continue communicating with you, or until you request to be removed from our contact database.
Who has access to your information?
Please be reassured that we will not release your information to third parties and will never sell your information to external parties for marketing.
Your choices
You have a choice about whether or not you wish to receive information from us. We will not contact you for marketing purposes by email, phone or text message unless you have given your prior consent or are considered a client or partner.
How you can access and update your information
The accuracy of your information is important to Kingsknowe Golf Club. If you change email address, or any of the other information we hold is inaccurate or out of date, please email us at clubmanager@kingsknowe.com.
You have the right to ask for a copy of the information Kingsknowe Golf Club holds about you. We will provide this information to you electronically within a 30 day period.
You can find out more about your rights as a data subject at the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) website.
Use of cookies
Like many other websites, the Kingsknowe Golf Club website uses cookies. Cookies are small pieces of information sent by an organisation to your computer and stored on your hard drive to allow that website to recognise you when you visit. They collect statistical data about your browsing actions and patterns and do not identify you as an individual. For example, we use cookies to improve our website and deliver a better experience.
A cookie is a small file placed on your device that allows websites to recognise that a user on an individual computer has previously visited the site. The cookies save some information about that user for when they access the site again in the future. By using and browsing the Kingsknowe Golf Club website, you consent to cookies being used in accordance with our Privacy & Cookies Policy. If you do not consent, you must turn off cookies or refrain from using the site.
What types of cookies do we use?
We use performance cookies, which collect anonymous information about users for the purpose of assessing the performance of a website. The following web analytics cookies are used to support Google Analytics:
_ga; _gi; _gat_gtag_UA_52966979_1
Controlling cookies
Switching off cookies may restrict your use of the website or affect the way in which it operates. If you are a visitor, you can opt-out of our performance cookies using our cookie opt-out feature. Most browsers allow you to turn off cookies. To do this, look at the ‘help’ menu on your browser. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit All About Cookies or About Cookies.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites. This Privacy & Cookies Notice applies only to our website and so we encourage you to read the privacy notices on the other websites you visit as we cannot be responsible for their practices even if you access them using links from our website.
In addition, if you linked to our website from a third party site, we cannot be responsible for the practices of the operators of that third party site and recommend that you check the Privacy & Cookies Notice of that third-party site.
Complaints
Under the GDPR (2018) you have the right to complain about the way we process your data. You can complain to us directly via clubmanager@kingsknowe.com.
If you would like to take your complaint further, you are also able to complain directly to the ICO who will contact us on your behalf.
Review of this Privacy & Cookies Notice
We keep this Privacy & Cookies Notice under regular review. It was last updated on 29 April 2020.