http://www.powderhorn.com/index.php/privacy
|
Summer
Winter
eStore
1.970.268.5700
eNews & Reports
9:00am - 4:00pm daily
Privacy
What information do we collect |
How do we use it?
At Powderhorn, we are committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information we collect about you to process orders and to provide a more personalized shopping experience. Please read on for more details about our privacy policy.
What information do we collect? How do we use it? We may collect personal information that you volunteer on registration, order, survey, sweepstakes entry, competition entry, or other forms, or by email.
We may collect personal information when you make a purchase on our website. When you order, we need to know your name, e-mail address, mailing address, telephone number, credit-card number and expiration date. This allows us to process and fulfill your orders and to notify you of your order status.
If you are ordering a season pass or other ticketing product online, we may also need to know your birth date as a verification technique.
Additionally, you may voluntarily sign up to receive our e-mail newsletter and selective notifications. To receive this we need only an e-mail address. Each time we contact you via email we will offer you an opportunity and method to opt-out or unsubscribe from such notifications.
When you enter a contest or other promotional feature, we may ask for your name, address, telephone and e-mail address so we can administer the contest and notify winners.
We may attempt to personalize your shopping experience by using your purchases to shape our recommendations about other merchandise that might be of interest to you. We may also monitor customer traffic patterns and site usage to help us develop the design and layout of our online store.
We may also use the information we collect to occasionally notify you about important changes to the Web site, new Powderhorn services and special offers we think you'll find valuable. If you would rather not receive this information, please notify us at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.. Make sure to notify us for each account or e-mail address you have on file with us.
How does Powderhorn protect customer information? We utilize secured servers and security policies, rules and measures to protect the personal data that we have collected from unauthorized access, improper use, alteration, unlawful or accidental destruction and accidental loss.
What about cookies? "Cookies" are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. Our cookies do not contain any personally identifying information, but they do enable us to provide features that improve your shopping experience. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser to modify such acceptance. Even without a cookie, you can still use virtually all of the features in our store, including placing items in your shopping cart and purchasing them.
Will Powderhorn disclose the information it collects to third parties? Powderhorn does not provide your personal information to others. We have no partner companies with which we share information on customers. Powderhorn may provide aggregate statistics about our customers, sales, traffic patterns, and related site information to reputable third-party vendors, but these statistics will include no personally identifying information. The only exceptions to this policy is where (1) we are required by law or in furtherance of a legal process to disclose information; (2) we determine in good faith that it is necessary to protect the interests of Powderhorn; (3) we determine that a safety issue for employees or customers exists and that disclosure is necessary to correct such safety conditions or issues.
Links This web site may contain links to other sites. We are not responsible for privacy practices of such linked sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave the Powderhorn website and be prepared to read the appropriate and applicable privacy statements associated with third party sites. If you choose to give personal and private information to any linked site, be aware that that information is subject to that site's privacy policy, not Powderhorn's policy.
In Summary We are committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information we collect on the site to make shopping at Powderhorn possible and to enhance your overall shopping experience. We do not sell, trade, lease or rent your personal information to others.
Your Consent By using our Web site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by Powderhorn. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, so you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we might disclose it.
Tell Us What You Think Powderhorn welcomes your questions and comments about privacy. Please e-mail us at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it..
Privacy
You are here:  HomePrivacy
Quick Links
Hours Of Operation
Contact Us
Getting Here
About Us
Accessibility
Purchase a Lift Ticket
Privacy & Security
Tiny Homes at Powderhorn
Mountain Safety
Employment
Weddings
Events
Our Partners
CONNECT WITH US
CONTACT US
Powderhorn Mountain Resort
48338 Powderhorn Rd Mesa, CO, 81643
970.268.5700
email: ski@powderhorn.com
First Aid (970).268.5355
Winter Weather
20°F
N 0mph
Weather Report -
Trail Report
Plan and Purchase Summer Lodging Tiny Homes at Powderhorn Mesa, CO Grand Junction, CO Palisade, CO Purchase Bike Park Lift Tickets Bike Park Season Passes Winter Season Passes
Getting Here Travel Explore Summer About Summer Hours of Operation Powderhorn in Summer Summer Safety Employment Summer First Time Visitors Snowmaking Project Base Area Summer Dining Summer Shopping Conditions & Info Bike Trail Report Summer Trail Map Lessons and Rentals Bike School Adults 13+ Children 12 & Under Ride Like a Girl Camp Trails Bike Camp Rentals & Repair Bike Rentals Repair Shop Activities and Groups Summer Activities Mountain Biking Hiking Scenic Chair Rides Summer Events Summer Calendar Weddings & Groups Summer Weddings Summer Groups
Mtn Top Cam
Flyer Cam