https://www.sebringraceway.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
BUY TICKETS
We are always conscious and respectful of your personal privacy.
This Privacy Policy governs the use of SebringRaceway.com, the general audience Internet website, which includes subdomains and any associated applications (such as mobile and other device applications) and other associated offerings (collectively, the “Site”) that are owned, offered and or operated by or on behalf of Sebring International Raceway, LLC (“Sebring”, “we”, “us”, or “our”). The Privacy Policy’s purpose is to make you aware of our privacy policy and practices and the way information is collected and used with respect to the Site. To make this notice easy to find, a link to this Privacy Policy is on the homepage of the Site. This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect on the Site, but does not apply to information collected through other means, including information provided by you in any non-Site ticket purchase (such as an in person purchase from the ticket office) at Sebring.
This Privacy Policy will answer your questions about the kind of information we collect and how we use it. If we change or update our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes here. By using this Site, you acknowledge you have read this Privacy Policy and agree to the terms hereof.
What information do you gather and how do you use it?
Sebring automatically collects certain non-personally identifiable information about your visits to the Site, such as IP address, service provider, browser type, operating system, pages accessed on the Site and the date and time of access to optimize your user experience and enhance your time spent with us online. Sebring also receives information telling us the site from which you originated.
When you send Sebring an e-mail, Sebring will retain the content of the e-mail, your e-mail address, and our response in order to handle any follow-up questions you may have. Sebring also uses this information to measure how effectively Sebring addresses your concerns.
When purchasing tickets or merchandise, registering for promotions at the Site, or in connection with gifts, ecards, e-vites, forward-to-a-friend messages or any other messaging service, Sebring may ask for your or your friend’s:
Name
E-mail address
Credit card number and expiration date
Billing address Shipping address
Date of Birth
Phone number
We use the personally identifiable information you choose to provide to Sebring to process the transactions and services you request, to provide Sebring and Sebring affiliates promotional communications to you, to enable you to participate in sweepstakes and promotions, and to otherwise facilitate your use of the Site.
Sebring may ask you to voluntarily provide us with information regarding your personal or professional interests, demographics, experiences with us, and contact preferences. This information may be combined with information about you, which Sebring gathered from other offline sources. Sebring and its affiliates use the information to design offers customized to your interests.
Information from other sources
Sebring may receive information about you from other sources. This may help improve the personalization of our service to you by providing better product recommendations or special offers that we think will interest you.
Who do you share my personal information with?
Sebring’s general policy is that Sebring does not sell or share your name or other personally identifiable information to or with any non-affiliate third parties for marketing purposes unless you affirmatively agree to such sharing. However, Sebring may share your name and personally identifiable information with its affiliate companies for such affiliates to send you promotional communications such as emails and newsletters. Sebring may share anonymous, aggregated information (information that does not individually identify a user) about all our users with third parties for any lawful purpose.
Service providers
Sebring may also share information with companies that provide support services to us (such as a printer, mailing house or web host) or that help us market our products and services. These companies may need information about you in order to perform their functions. These companies are not authorized to use the information we share with them for any other purpose and must treat the information in a confidential manner.
Protection of the Site and others
Sebring may disclose information you provide at the Site when we believe disclosure is appropriate to comply with the law; to enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property or safety of the Site, our users or other individuals.
How does this Site use cookies and similar tracking technologies?
This Site uses cookies, tags, pixels and similar tracking technologies to allow Sebring to recognize your preference information, keep track of your purchases, and facilitate effective site administration. Sebring uses the information we collect to enhance your visit to the Site and provide you with information tailored to your needs.
You may elect to refuse cookies, but certain Site functions or access may not be available if you choose to do so. Please refer to your browser Help instructions to learn more about cookies.
A Web beacon is an electronic image, also called a single-pixel or clear GIF, placed in the code of a webpage or in e-mails. The Site uses Web beacons to track traffic patterns of users as they navigate from one page to another. This information lets us tune and improve our users’ browsing experience. As with cookies, the information that Web beacons collect is aggregated, anonymous “click stream” data, and is not associated with you as an individual.
We also use Web beacons through a third party website analytics provider, as well as standard Web server log files, to help us count visitors and evaluate the Site’s technical capacity. This information tells us how many people visit the Site, and helps us decide how to arrange pages in the most user-friendly way. This also helps us keep the Site browser-friendly and more useful to our users. We record information on Site traffic, but not on individual visitors to the Site.
How does this Site comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act?
The Site is not intended for use by children under 13 years of age. Sebring does not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under 13 years of age, except for the limited circumstances described below. In the event a child under the age of 13 submits a question to us on the Site and identifies his or her age, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to limit our use of the child’s email address for the sole purpose of responding to the child’s question on a one-time-only basis. However, we will not use the child’s email address to re-contact the child and we will delete it from our records once we have responded. If we become aware that we have unknowingly collected personal information from a child under the age of 13, we will make commercially reasonable efforts to delete such information from our database.
What choices do I have regarding promotional communications?
Sebring only sends promotional e-mail messages to you if you have voluntarily provided Sebring with your e-mail address. Further, by providing your email address you agree that Sebring may share such information with Sebring affiliates and that such Sebring affiliates may directly send you promotional materials. You may request to be removed from this Site’s e-mail subscription list by updating your profile or unsubscribing via the link provided in our promotional emails.
How do I update personal information such as my address?
Sebring asks that you keep your information as up-to-date as possible so you may get the maximum benefit from this Site. Access to personally identifiable information that is collected on the Site and that Sebring maintains may be available to you. For example, if you created a password-protected account within the Site, you can access that account to review the information you provided. You may also send an email or letter to the following email or street address requesting access to or correction of your personally identifiable information. For verification purposes please include your first name, last name, email address and the password you use for such service.
Sebring International Raceway, LLC
Attention: Webmaster
One Daytona Blvd., Daytona Beach, FL 32114
What about security at the Site?
We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with applicable federal privacy and data security laws and regulations to guard your personal information. Unfortunately, no transmissions or data available through the Internet can be 100% secure and, accordingly, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any personal information or other information you provide to us. Sebring works to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input. Sebring does not reveal your credit card number when confirming an order via email. Of course, Sebring transmits the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing. It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when you have finished using a shared computer.
What about links to and from other websites?
This Site may offer links to other websites, or you may have arrived at this Site from websites, that are operated by entities other than Sebring. These third party websites have their own policies regarding privacy. If you visit one of these websites, or if you arrived from one of these websites, you should review the privacy policy of that website to understand how your personal information is collected, used, secured and disclosed. Sebring is not responsible for the privacy practices of these third party websites and cannot guarantee the security of any of your personal information collected, used or shared there.
Business transfers and bankruptcy
If some or all of the business assets of Sebring or the Site are sold or transferred, your personal information, aggregated information, and any other information that we have collected in connection with the Site may be transferred as part of our business assets. In such case, we also may retain a copy of this information. Also, if any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding is brought by or against us, all such information may be considered one of our assets and may be sold or transferred to third parties.
Community Feature
Any information, including personally identifiable information, that you contribute to a public area or feature of the Site, such as a user forum, blog, wiki or other open forum on the Site, will be made available to the general public. Therefore, we recommend that you do not submit any sensitive personally identifiable information to these public forums. Sebring is not responsible for the personally identifiable information or other information you choose to submit to these forums.
International Users
As this Site is operated from the United States and our computer systems are currently based in the United States, personal information submitted at the Site will be processed by Sebring in the United States where data protection and privacy regulations may differ from those in other parts of the world, such as the European Union. By providing personal information at this Site, you understand and consent to the collection, maintenance, processing and transfer of such information in and to the United States.
Your European Privacy Rights
Please note that if you are in the European Union or the European Economic Area, you also have the right to:
obtain confirmation of the existence of your information in our database
verify the origin and accuracy of your information
request that we correct, update, amend, delete, or transform your information into anonymous form
provide you information about how we use your information
oppose the processing of your information on legitimate grounds
lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority
Please know that in order for us to respond to your request we may require that you verify your identity. We are based in the United States and our products are offered in English.  Requests submitted in another language will require translation.
Rights for Our California Residents
This section explains how we collect and share personal information about California residents (“California Customers”) and their privacy rights.
Notice of Information Collection for California Consumers
What Information Do We Collect About You?
Where Do We Collect this Information From?
Why Do We Collect this Information?
Who Do We Share this Information With?
Contact Information (e.g., name, email, postal address, zip code, telephone number, etc.)
§ From you when you register on our sites, subscribe to one of our newsletters, memberships, sign up for a service, promotion, purchase our products, or otherwise submit this information to us.
§   To contact you.
§   To provide products or services to you, or handle your other requests.
§   To market our products and services to you.
§   To create and manage your account when you sign up, and to service your account.
§   To prevent fraud and protect our customers and business, including verifying your identity, and securing our track facilities.
§ Service Providers (companies that use your personal information to provide services to us, including advertising, administering contests, website support, analytics, payment processing, and customer service).
§ Other companies in the SEBRING family, including our affiliates.
Account/Registration Information (e.g., name, username, password, account preferences, income level, etc.)
§ From you when you create an account or register with us.
§ To create and manage your account when you sign up, and to service your account.
§ Service Providers (companies that use your personal information to provide services to us, including advertising, administering contests, website support, analytics, payment processing, and customer service).
§ Other companies in the SEBRING family, including our affiliates.
Interests, Demographics and other Behavioral Data (e.g., interests (such as the athletes and brands you like) ,purchase behaviors, age, race, gender)
§ From you when you share that information with us on surveys, registration forms or other forms.
§ To help us identify you and understand your interests and preferences so that we can customize your experience with us.
§ Service Providers (companies that use your personal information to provide services to us, including advertising, administering contests, website support, analytics, payment processing, and customer service).
§ Other companies in the SEBRING family, including our affiliates.
Online/Device Identifiers (e.g., IP addresses, device IDs, operating systems, mobile network providers, settings, and other information we use to recognize your device)
§ From tracking technologies (such as pixels or cookies placed on web pages or emails), which collect information about you when you visit us.
§ To improve our products and services.
§ To help us measure the effectiveness of our platforms and the ads they display, including the locations visitors frequent on our sites, whether you click on ads or buy the products/services advertised.
§ To customize your experience with so that you receive content that is relevant to you.
§ Service Providers (companies that use your personal information to provide services to us, including advertising, administering contests, website support, analytics, payment processing, and customer service).
§ Other companies in the SEBRING family, including our affiliates.
Online Activity Information (e.g., browsing history, search history, and other information about your interactions with our platforms)
§ From tracking technologies (such as pixels or cookies placed on web pages or emails), which collect information about you when you visit our online platforms.
§ To improve our products and services.
§ To help us measure the effectiveness of our platforms and the ads they display, including the locations visitors frequent on our sites, whether you click on ads or buy the products/services advertised.
§ To customize your experience on our platforms so that you receive relevant content.
§ Service Providers (companies that use your personal information to provide services to us, including advertising, administering contests, website support, analytics, payment processing, and customer service).
§ Other companies in the SEBRING family, including our affiliates.
Payment Information (e.g., billing address, shipping address, credit card or bank account number, card verification value, etc.)
§ From you when your place an order for our products or services or make a reservation.
§  To process your orders, reservations, and any refund requests.
§  To verify your identity, when you contact us about your purchases or reservations.
§ Service Providers (companies allowed to only use your personal information to process your purchases and reservations on our behalf).
Location Information (e.g., information about your location or device such as city, state or zip code)
§ From you when using our services, such our interactive game sites.
§ Service Providers companies allowed to only use your personal information to provide services to us, including hosting our sites and mobile apps, securing our track facilities, analytics, and advertising).
§ To customize your experience so that you receive relevant information about our services and products (e.g., upcoming events in your area, perks available near you, access to location-based social networks and communities, etc.)
§ To protect our customers and business, including our platforms and security at our track facilities.
§ Service Providers (companies allowed to only use your personal information to provide services to us, including advertising, website support, and analytics).
§ Data Partners (these are companies that we share personal information with to help us identify potential customers, and to understand who you are and what you may be interested in).
§ Other SEBRING affiliates.
Your California Privacy Rights
What Rights Do You Have?
Right to Know – You have the right to ask us to tell you what personal information of yours we collect, use, share or sell.
Right to Access – You have the right to request access to the personal information of yours we collect or maintain.
Right to Request Deletion – You have the right to ask us to delete the personal information we collect or maintain about you.
No Discrimination – You have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising the rights above.
You also have Shine the Light Rights – You have the right to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, a list of the third parties to whom we have disclosed certain types of personal information (if any) for their direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year. At our option, we may respond to such requests by providing instructions about how our users can exercise their options to prevent our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
III.           How Do You Submit These Requests to Us?
California residents can exercise these rights:
Shine the Light Rights
Requests to Access/Know
Request to Delete
By contacting us by:
Email: info@sebringraceway.com
Phone: 1-800-626-RACE
We will need to verify that you are who you say you are before we delete or share personal information with you.  After you submit your request to our individual rights management tool, you will be sent a confirmation email and need to click on the link provided. If you make a request via email, we may need to request more information from you in order to verify your request.
By using this Site, you signify your assent to the Sebring Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the Sebring Privacy Policy, please do not use this Site. We reserve the right, at our complete discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this policy at any time. We will notify you about material changes in the way we treat personally identifiable information by sending an email message to the email address you most recently provided to us or by prominently posting a notice on the Site. We encourage you to periodically check back and review this statement so that you always will know what information we collect, how we use it, and with whom we share it.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about the Sebring Privacy Policy or its implementation you may contact us at info@sebringraceway.com.
This SebringRaceway.com Privacy Policy was updated December 31, 2019.
© 2020 Sebring International Raceway, LLC
UPCOMING EVENTS
There are no broadcast times at this moment.
NEXT EVENTS
OUR PARTNERS
stay in touch - sign up for our newsletter
Sign up for the latest news and happenings from Sebring International Raceway
Sign Up