http://www.olympics.com.au/privacy-policy/
Olympians Tokyo Team News Sports Games The AOC Community Shop COVID-19 Tickets Olympians Hub Team Appeal Competitions Subscribe Partners Olympic ContactsSearchNewsGamesNewsOlympianResourcesSport1. Australian Olympic CommiteeThe Australian Olympic Committee Inc. (ABN 33 052 258 241) of Level 4, 140 George Street, Museum of Contemporary Art, Sydney NSW 2000 (the AOC) is the National Olympic Committee responsible for developing, promoting and protecting the Olympic movement in Australia. This Privacy Policy (the Policy) sets out the way in which the AOC collects, uses and discloses personal information and also explains your rights and how to contact the AOC. The AOC is committed to protecting your personal information in accordance with the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (Privacy Act). Please read the text carefully.2. Your personal information2.1. In the course of its operations, the AOC may collect, use and disclose the personal information of athletes, ticketholders, administrators, participants and other individuals for the purpose of governing the Olympic movement in Australia. In each case, the precise nature of the collection, use and disclosure of personal information by the AOC depends on the services you request and receive from, and your interaction with, the AOC.2.2. The types of personal information held by the AOC may include your name, address, phone number, email address, date of birth, gender, occupation and social media details. Depending on the services you receive from the AOC, the AOC may also collect and hold details about your participation history, emergency contact information, credit card information, driver’s licence details, passport details, residential address, training address, personal phone number, coach’s phone number, manager or agent’s phone number.2.3. In certain circumstances, the AOC may collect information about your health or other sensitive information about you (for example information about your racial or ethnic origin or information about your physical health). The AOC may use health information about you to ensure that all programs administered by the AOC in which you participate are run safely and in accordance with any special health needs you may have and for insurance purposes. The AOC may also use health information as required by the AOC’s policies and by-laws, including medical and anti-doping testing and investigations.2.4. In addition, the AOC may use de-identified information or other sensitive information to carry out research, to prepare submissions to government or a government body or to plan events or activities. De-identified information is information which has been aggregated or otherwise de-identified so that it cannot be used to identify you or any other individual.2.5. When you or relevant third parties provide the AOC with personal information, this Policy will apply to the manner in which the information is collected, used, disclosed and stored by the AOC. If you chose not to provide certain personal information, the AOC may not be able to communicate with you. It may also affect the AOC’s ability to provide you with the products and services that you require. For example, you may not be able to access member only areas of the website or lesson plans or e-newsletters if you do not provide certain personal information.3. Collecting your personal information3.1. Personal information may be collected by the AOC from you or from a third party. The AOC uses forms, online portals and other electronic or paper correspondence to collect this information.3.2. For example, the AOC may collect personal information from you:  (a)    via the AOC website;  (b)    when you provide it to the AOC by filling in forms approved by the AOC from time to time;  (c)    when you contact the AOC (including via email);  (d)    when you register for or attend a fundraising or sporting event in connection with the AOC; (e)    when you engage with the AOC via social media or other communications platforms;  (f)    when it is uploaded onto our athlete portal;  (g)    from cookies;  (h)    when you subscribe to receive AOC publications, including our various newsletters; or  (i)    when you enter a competition that is being conducted by, or on behalf of, the AOC.3.3. The AOC may also collect personal information about you from third parties, including:  (a)    a National Federation, Australian, State and Territory Institutes of Sport, Australian, State and Territory Academies of Sport, State and Territory Olympic Councils, the Australian Sports Commission, the International Olympic Committee, a sporting club, a competition administrator, a stakeholder, an anti-doping body such as the Australian Sports Anti-Doping Authority, an Organising Committee for the Olympic Games (OCOG), the Australian Federal Police, an Australian Government Department such as the Department of Immigration and Border Protection, the various State and Territory Government Departments responsible for conducting and processing Working With Children Checks or CrimTrack (Olympic Administrators);  (b)    your representatives;  (c)    AOC corporate partners, licensees, sponsors, suppliers and broadcasters (AOC Partners);  (d)    ticketing agents and event organisers;  (e)    vendors; and  (f)    the organisations listed in section 5 below.3.4 In addition, when you apply for a job or volunteer position with us, we may collect certain information from you (including your name, contact details, working history and relevant records checks), from any recruitment consultant, your previous employers and others who may be able to provide information to us to assist in our decision on whether or not to make you an offer of employment or engage you under a contract. The Privacy Act contains certain exemptions in relation to certain acts undertaken in relation to employee records and related bodies corporate. Where appropriate, we make use of relevant exemptions in the Privacy Act.4. Using your personal information4.1. The AOC may use the personal information collected about you in a variety of ways, including:  (a)    for historical and archival purposes;  (b)    to determine whether you satisfy the requirements for selection onto an Olympic, Youth Olympic and other Regional team (Teams) and events under the patronage of the International Olympic Committee or the AOC;  (c)    for contact purposes when selecting athletes and officials onto Teams;  (d)    to verify your identity;  (e)    to ensure compliance with AOC policies and by-laws;  (f)    to organise, conduct and promote Olympic related activities and other events (including for the purpose of distributing publications, updating our website, providing information, making ticket offers and sending you invitations);  (g)    to develop programs, activities, events, products and services relating to the Olympic movement;  (h)    to provide you with information about our services, including to send you newsletters or other communications that you have subscribed to;  (i)    to send alert notifications;  (j)    to investigate and take action in the event that applicable laws or regulations are breached, including codes of conduct; (k)    to carry out market research and surveys;   (l)    to share with any of the Olympic Administrators;  (m)    to assist in investigations regarding anti-doping, betting or gambling activities;  (n)    to contact you if you win a prize in a competition you have entered and to send the prize to you; and  (o)    any use that is reasonably apparent at the time the information is collected.4.2. The AOC may also use the personal information collected about you:  (a)    to administer, manage and improve the AOC website, athlete portal, social media or other communication platforms;  (b)    to ensure that content from the AOC is presented in the most effective manner;  (c)    to allow you to participate in interactive features of the AOC website, athlete portal, social media or other communication platforms;  (d)    for direct marketing communications from the AOC in relation to services, tickets and special offers made by our respective AOC Partners. You will be able to opt-out of direct marketing at any time if you so choose, by contacting the AOC Privacy Officer in accordance with section 12 below;  (e)    to enable the AOC partners to market and promote their products and services to you; and  (f)    any use that is reasonably apparent at the time the information is collected.5. Disclosing your personal information5.1. The AOC may share your personal information with any Olympic Administrator or AOC Partner with which you are connected or with whom you have expressed interest. Any Olympic Administrator or AOC Partner may then use your personal information to facilitate activities related to the Olympic movement, including any associated activities such as anti-doping, betting or gambling, and keep you updated with information about them.5.2. The AOC may also share your personal information with third parties in relation to the operation of the AOC’s business, including:  (a)    the AOC’s employees;  (b)    the AOC’s related bodies corporate;  (c)    the AOC’s insurers;  (d)    the AOC’s professional advisors, including accountants, auditors and lawyers;  (e)    third party service providers, suppliers and partners, such as our IT hosting services, ticketing agents and OCOGs;  (f)    as required or authorised by law or where we have a public duty to do so, including for purposes of safety and security; and  (g)    where you have consented to your personal information being disclosed to others.5.3. If you receive a product or service from, or your information is otherwise collected by, an Olympic Administrator or AOC Partner, the relevant Olympic Administrator or AOC Partner may have a separate privacy policy that applies to their collection, use and disclosure of your personal information. You should refer to that privacy policy for further details about how the relevant Olympic Administrator or AOC Partner may collect, process, use, store and disclose your information and how you can contact the relevant Olympic Administrator or AOC Partner if you have queries, or wish to make a complaint, about their handling of your personal information.5.4 The AOC may also disclose certain personal information in accordance with section 7.6. Storing and disclosing your personal information abroad6.1. In some circumstances the personal information that the AOC collects may be disclosed to certain recipients, and stored at certain destinations, located outside Australia from time to time.6.2. The AOC will generally store personal information on data servers that are located within the geographical boarders of Australia. However, your personal information may be disclosed outside of Australia if any of the AOC’s servers from time to time are located outside Australia. As at the date of this Policy, the AOC uses servers based in the United States of America and Singapore.6.3 The AOC also provides information to OCOGs and other organisations that are located in a country outside Australia. As at the date of this Policy, this includes OCOGs and organisations in China, Japan, United States of America, Qatar, Samoa, Senegal and Switzerland.6.4 The AOC may also disclose your personal information outside of Australia in accordance with section 5 of this Policy.6.5. In all cases, by providing your personal information to the AOC or using our services, you consent to the disclosure of your personal information outside Australia as set out in this Policy, and acknowledge that the AOC is not required to ensure that overseas recipients handle your personal information in compliance with Australian privacy law. However, the AOC will take reasonable steps to ensure that overseas recipients use and disclose such personal information in a manner consistent with this Policy. You may have rights to enforce such parties’ compliance with applicable data protection laws, but you may not have recourse against those parties under the Privacy Act in relation to how those parties treat your personal information.7. AOC website, athlete portal, cookies and other communication platforms7.1 If you visit the AOC website or athlete portal, the AOC, its third party service providers and certain AOC Partners may use cookies or other technologies to record information such as your Internet Protocol address, browser type, Internet Service Provider, referring/exit pages, operating system, the pages accessed and any information downloaded.7.2. A cookie is a piece of information that allows the AOC to identify and interact more effectively with your device.  You can configure your web browser software to reject cookies, however some parts of the AOC’s website, athlete portal or other communication platform may not have full functionality in that case.7.3. In some cases the AOC, its third party service providers and certain AOC Partners may use cookies and other technologies such as web beacons and JavaScript to evaluate a user’s use of the AOC’s website or athlete portal, deliver customised advertising content, measure the effectiveness of the advertising and provide other services relating to website activity and internet usage. The services the AOC may use from time to time include
Google Analytics and
Tag Manager,
Facebook Pixel and Analytics,
YouTube Analytics and
Instagram Analytics. You can find more details in the privacy policies for those services, including for information on how to opt-out of certain conduct.7.4. When we send you emails or other electronic messages, the AOC may record where you open the message and click on particular links. This helps us to better understand what information is of interest to you.8. Protecting your personal information8.1. The AOC takes the security of personal information seriously. The AOC has appointed a Privacy Officer to oversee the AOC’s management of personal information in accordance with this Policy and the Privacy Act.8.2. The AOC takes reasonable steps to protect the security and privacy of your personal information. Personal information is only accessible by persons that require access to that information. The AOC has directed its staff that personal information must be dealt with in accordance with this Policy and other data governance processes, and kept secure from unauthorised access or disclosure. The AOC also implements technical measures to protect your personal information, including separate log-ins for AOC personnel, two-factor authentication and remote erasure capability.8.3. If you are considering sending us any other personal information through the AOC website, athlete portal or other communication platform, please be aware that the information may be insecure in transit, particularly where no encryption is used (e.g.: in an email). Any transmission is therefore at your own risk. Once the AOC has received your personal information, the AOC will take reasonable steps to protect all personal information within its direct control from unauthorised access.8.4. Where the AOC has given you (or where you have chosen) a password that enables you to access certain parts of the AOC website, athlete portal or other communication platform, you are responsible for keeping that password confidential. The AOC suggests that you do not share the password with anyone and to change it regularly.9. Access to and correction of your personal information9.1. The AOC takes all reasonable precautions to ensure the personal information that the AOC collects, uses and discloses is accurate, complete and up-to-date. However, the accuracy of the information depends on the information you provide. The AOC recommends that you let us know if there are any errors in your personal information and keep us up-to-date with changes to your personal information such as your contact details.9.2. You have the right to access the personal information we hold about you, and can request the correction of your personal data if it is inaccurate, incomplete or out of date. If you would like to do so, please contact the AOC’s Privacy Officer to submit an enquiry to access the personal information the AOC holds about you. If we cannot provide you with access, we will provide you with reasons why.10. Opting out of direct marketing communicationsIf you wish to unsubscribe from communications the AOC sends you, you can send an email to
privacyofficer@olympics.com.au or use the opt-out function included in electronic communications.11. Changes to this policyThe AOC may modify, alter or otherwise update this Policy at any time by publishing the new version of the Policy on the AOC website. We will indicate any changes by updating the date of the Policy. We encourage you to check our website periodically to ensure that you are aware of our current Privacy Policy. If you have any questions about this Policy, please contact the AOC’s Privacy Officer using the details provided below.12. Contacting the AOC's privacy officer and making complaints12.1. You may contact the AOC’s Privacy Officer in writing at privacyofficer@olympics.com.au or The Privacy Officer, Australian Olympic Committee, Level 4, 140 George Street, Museum of Contemporary Art, Sydney NSW 2000.12.2. You may complain about the AOC’s collection, use or disclosure of your personal information by contacting the AOC’s Privacy Officer using the contact details above with your full name and contact details, together with a detailed description of the complaint. We will respond to your complaint within a reasonable period of time and inform you of the next steps we will take in dealing with your complaint. If we are unable to resolve your complaint, we will inform you of the next steps available to you in those circumstances.The Australian Olympic Committee is the National Olympic Committee responsible for developing, promoting and protecting the Olympic Movement in Australia. Tokyo 2020 Home Careers Contact Us
Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions