https://www.skiweekends.com/privacy-cookies
HomePrivacy & CookiesPrivacy & Cookies1. Data ProtectionSki Weekends Ltd is committed to protecting the individual's privacy and this Privacy Policy sets out what information we collect, how we collect it and what we then do with it.2. Your InformationInformation such as your name, contact details, travel preferences and special needs/disabilities/dietary requirements that you supply us or is supplied to us, including any information about other persons on your booking relating to the same (your information). Your information is collected when you request information or a quote from us, contact us (or vice versa) or make a booking with us. You are responsible for ensuring that other members of your party are aware of the content of our Privacy Policy and consent to your acting on their behalf in all your dealings with us. We will endevour to update your information whenever we get the opportunity to keep it current, accurate and complete.3. Your Information (Our use of)We may disclose your information to our providers (who will probably be located outside the UK/EEA) for the purpose of providing you with our services, including your flight, holiday or insurance etc. Only information necessary for this purpose will be disclosed to them. For air travel, it may be a mandatory requirement to disclose your information for security and anti-terrorism purposes, or any other purposes deemed appropriate.We may also disclose your information to companies who act as data processors on our behalf. These purposes include administration, providing services (and contacting you where necessary), customer care, improving our service, business management and operation, risk assessment, research and analysis, marketing, monitoring, assessing customer purchasing preference, dispute resolution, credit checking and debt collection. If we search against the files of credit reference agencies, they will record the search and hence the way in which you conduct your account with us may be shared with other lenders and credit agencies.Some of your information may be considered sensitive personal data under the Data Protection Act 1988. We collect it to cater to your needs or act in your interest, but we do so on the condition that we have your positive consent – we will do all that is reasonably practicable to draw this to your attention when you first supply us with your information, or at the next available opportunity. By booking your holiday with us you also agree for your insurers, their agents and medical staff to disclose relevant information (which may contain sensitive personal data) to us in circumstances where we need to act in the interest of everyone in the group you are travelling with. If you do not agree to our use of your information we cannot do business with you or accept your booking.4. Direct MarketingYou may indicate your preference to receive our direct marketing material by telephone or e-communications (e-mail, SMS or e-brochure) on our website(s) or forms, or to our staff at the time you first supplied us your information. This will require a positive opt-in/ consent to receive such communications.You may, in addition, indicate your preference regarding receiving third party direct marketing material by post. This will require a positive opt-in/ consent to receive such communications.If you do not wish to receive such information or would like to change your preference, please refer to point (B) of Your Rights below.All marketing emails submitted by the business will include an 'unsubscribe link'.If you have booked a ski holiday with Ski Weekends in the past 5 years you will be contacted under 'legitimate interest'. You are able to manage your preferences or unsubscribe at any time by using the unsubscribe link at the bottom of every email.5. Your RightsYou have the right to ask in writing for a copy of the information we hold about you and to correct any inaccuracies in your information.You have the right to ask in writing not to receive direct marketing material about our products and services. If the following facilities are available, you can amend your previous preference on our website(s), using our unsubscribe e-mail or in literature which you subsequently return to us. Once properly notified by you, we will take steps to stop using your information in this way.If you would like a list of our group companies or brands, please send us your request. Our address is: Unit 23, Shamrock Quay, Southampton, SO14 5QL.6. Controls AbroadOutside the European Economic Area (EEA), note that controls on data protection in such countries may not be as strong as the legal requirements in this country.7. Privacy & CookiesIf our contact and dealing with you is via our website(s), we may use cookies. A cookie is a small piece of data sent from our web server to your computer and stored in a text file on your hard drive. Cookies allow us to identify your computer but not you personally. You can set your web browser to refuse cookies. We use cookies to measure site usage and related information. If you are making a purchase, we may also use cookies to keep track of the transaction from one web page to another. Our website(s) may contain links to other sites not controlled by us. (A) These sites may send you cookies and collect data and personal information. We are not responsible for the actions, content or the privacy policies of those websites to which our website(s) may link. (B) These sites may not be members of ABTA and, if not, ABTA protection will not be available. It is your responsibility to check the status of these sites.To see a list of the cookies that this website uses please read our cookies audit page.8. SecurityWe have taken all reasonable steps to have in place appropriate security measures to protect your information.9. Changes To This PolicyAny changes to this Policy will be either posted on our website, brochure and/or made available on request. We will strive to ensure our practices comply with the most current available version of this Policy.