http://www.fantasysportscentral.com/privacy-policy
Menu:
BlogHomeTeam ManagerDFS CheatsheetFootball— Projections/RankingsBaseball— Projections/Rankings— Depth Chart— Games Played By PositionContact Us— Advertising— FSC Membership— Reciprocal Link— Join Now— Join DFSAbout Us
BlogHomeTeam ManagerDFS CheatsheetFootball
Projections/Rankings
Baseball
Projections/RankingsDepth ChartGames Played By Position
Contact Us
AdvertisingFSC MembershipReciprocal LinkJoin NowJoin DFS
About Us
Privacy Policy
We at Fantasy Sports Central are committed to providing both clients and end-users with the utmost in privacy and security. We abide by all industry guidelines and consistently monitor our management and operating methods in order to maintain our valued reputation and integrity. This is our promise to our clients, and end-users.
Type of Information Collected
Fantasy Sports Central is a site offering banner advertising. We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please click here.
Use of Collected Information
Information is collected by Fantasy Sports Central but is the sole property of the advertiser and is shared only with the advertiser. Each advertiser individually controls what is done with the information collected. We host ads and collect the information from consumers on behalf of our client. We only use this information to audit accuracy. We guarantee unique users to our clients, and the auditing procedure ensures that promise.
Member Contact
If the opt-in box is selected on the entry form, we have permission to contact the applicant via electronic or postal mail regarding information, savings, or special offers that relate directly to the information, savings, or special offers that relate directly to the information they have provided. This is opt-in only, meaning that the applicant has complete control in allowing us to contact them. Applicant must opt-in to receive secondary communication from Fantasy Sports Central but the policies of our clients may differ.
Cookies
Cookies are only used to keep track of log-in names and passwords. A user's e-mail address is automatically logged in when they revisit the site and they do not have to reenter profile information. This is to keep track of preferences and to better tailor the site to the visitor's needs while providing the most effective service to our clients. Information such as IP address internal session ID, user's domain, type of Internet browser, domain of Web site are collected and used only for traffic auditing and analyzing trends.
Security
In order to ensure security and protection of collected information, all employees are aware of our security policy and practices. Web security is constantly reviewed. Access to the information is limited and only obtained through codenames and passwords. Any loss, misuse, or alteration of information is prohibited followed by appropriate action and termination of employee. This is to uphold our promise to our clients, affiliate members, and property users.
Delete/Deactivate
" Deactivating" refers to the process by which Personally Identifiable Information, upon request, is removed. Because of backups and records of deletions, it may be impossible to delete a consumer's entry without some residual information. An individual who requests to have Personally Identifiable Information deactivated will be functionally deleted. We will not sell, transfer, or use the information relating to a deleted individual in any way. To deactivate your account, please contact us.
Correct and Update Information
Personal information collected through Fantasy Sports Central may be corrected or updated through various methods. All information must be updated by contacting Fantasy Sports Central staff either through e-mail or postal mail. All changes may be sent to Fantasy Sports Central by using our contact form or you may also contact us by writing:
FSC
8092 Black Orchid Ave.
Las Vegas, NV 89131
To receive written confirmation of this change, please send a self-addressed stamped envelope to the mailing address listed above.
Notification Of Changes
In the event that there is a change in the privacy practices of Fantasy Sports Central, all members of Fantasy Sports Central will be contacted via the e-mail address on record. If this e-mail address is not valid, a written notice will be sent to the street address on record.
Contact Information
Fantasy Sports Central, abides by the laws and guidelines of the Internet. We welcome any inquiries as to the use of collected information and cookies, product capabilities, or company methods and practices. If you have any questions, comments or corrections regarding personally identifiable information obtained through us, please use our contact form, or you can write:
FSC
8092 Black Orchid Ave.
Las Vegas, NV 89131
Follow us on: twitter.com/search?q=FSCfantasy facebook.com/FantasySportsCentral plus.google.com/+fantasysportscentral
my FSC log in
or create an account
Username
Password
Remember Me
Forgot your password?
Forgot your username?