https://www.biketechusa.com/articles/privacy-and-accessibility-statement-pg152.htm
Skip to main content
Page Title
Chat With our Bike Experts 9am-6pm Weekdays or Call 786-636-8192
Menu
x
Cart
Cart
Account
Account
Stores
Stores
BIKES
CLEARANCE BIKES
SHOP ACCESSORIES
LOCATIONS
Bike Tech - Bird Road
Bike Tech - Curbside
Bike Tech - Coral Way
Bike Tech - Midtown
ABOUT
Why Shop with Bike Tech?
Our Brands
Cannondale Bikes
GT Bikes
Salsa Bikes
Scott Bikes
Specialized Bikes
Future Motion Onewheel+ XR & Pint
Kuat Racks
Saris Racks
Best Price Guarantee
Top Rated
FAQ
About Us
Careers
Privacy and Accessibility Statement
Shipping and Return Policy
SERVICES
Buyers Guides
Mountain Bike Guide
Road/Gravel/Levee Bike Guide
Commuter Bike Guide
Electric Bike Guide
Bicycle Fittings
Bicycle Sizing Charts
Trade In Program
Financing
Bike Repair
Bicycle Packaging
Free Delivery for Miami-Dade County
CONTACT US
Your PrivacyThank you for reviewing our policies regarding any personal information you may choose to provide through our website. We take your privacy very seriously. We carefully protect any and all information entrusted to us. We only collect information that helps us serve you better and that you voluntarily provide. We do not share your information with anyone else unless you've approved of such sharing in advance.What Information We CollectThe following types of information may be collected at this website  (if you volunteer it):Your e-mail addressYour first and last nameYour street address, city, state and ZIP CodePertinent information specific to an event or activity (where relevant)More About E-Mail & Postal AddressesIf you supply us with your e-mail and/or postal addresses, and do not specify otherwise, you may receive periodic messages from us with information on new products, services or upcoming events.If, later, you decide you no longer wish to receive such messages, you may let us know by sending an e-mail, calling, or writing us. To ensure that we correctly identify you (many names are similar), please be sure to include your complete name and address and all e-mail addresses that may be associated with your record. This helps us accurately locate your information in our file. Such information will only be used to comply with your request.If you would like to see your contact information we have on file, please stop in or let us know to what address you'd like us to send a copy.Periodic UpdatesPlease check this page for periodic updates on our policies regarding any personal information you've provided to us via our website. Thank you for visiting us online. We appreciate the opportunity to serve you.Accessibility StatementWe strive to make our website accessible for everyone, including those with disabilities.To that end, we have taken steps to improve our website’s usability for all customers including those who utilize assistive technology. Our efforts are guided by the World Wide Web Consortium’s Web Content Accessibility Guidelines, Level AA (WCAG 2.1). We will continue to review and improve our site to deliver accessible experiences.If you experience difficulty accessing any element of our website, please contact us to share feedback and get assistance from our staff.