http://www.mschumacher.com/privacy-policy
Who we are
Our website address is: http://www.mschumacher.com/.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
mSchumacher.com has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate its firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this web site.
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics tool that helps website owners understand how visitors engage with their website. It allows us to view a variety of reports about how visitors interact with our website so that we can improve it. Google Analytics uses first-party cookies to track visitor interactions and collect information anonymously.  This cookie does not in any way identify you.
This website also uses Google’s remarketing analytics service to enable ad personalisation and the advertising reporting service to help us better understand visitors to this website. Any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google’s privacy policy.
You can opt out of Google Analytics advertising features through ad settings in your Google account or through NAI’s consumer opt out. You can also review Google Analytics’ opt-outs at Google’s website.
Advertising
We work with third party companies to serve ads on this site. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (not including your name, address email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. While we may use cookies in other parts of our web site, cookies received with banner ads are collected by our ad company, and we do not have access to this information. To learn more about this behavioural advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit networkadvertising.org.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
External links
This site contains links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Additional information
How we protect your data
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. All such information is stored on servers with encrypted password access.
Recent Posts
Michael out of coma and intensive care unit
Michael seriously injured in skiing accident
Michael reflects on 2013 season and retirement
Michael is once again retired from F1 racing
Schuey showed excellent racecraft at 2011 Italian GP
Archives
June 2014
December 2013
November 2013
October 2012
September 2011
December 2009
August 2009
July 2009
June 2009
October 2006
September 2006
October 2003
October 2000
September 2000
July 2000
June 2000
April 2000
March 2000
November 1999
Search for:
Clothing
mSchumacher.com is not endorsed by, affiliated, or associated with Michael Schumacher or Ferrari. All photos on this site are, unless otherwise stated,
© Schlegelmilch and used by special permission. All other text and graphics are Copyright © 1999- mSchumacher.com. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy. Contact Details.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read More