https://www.cheshamunited.co.uk/terms-and-conditions
Skip to content
Chesham United FC
Official Website
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
This website is run by Chesham United Association Football Club Limited. Use of this website is offered to you based on your acceptance of these Terms of Use, our Privacy Policy and other notices. If you do not agree, you should not continue using this site. You agree to follow all laws and regulations when using this website. You also agree not to transmit to the server anything knowingly incorrect, harmful, abusive, threatening, undesirable or unlawful.
Disclaimer
This website is for informational purposes only. It is provided to you solely for your own personal, non-commercial use. We have made a reasonable effort to ensure the correctness and completeness of this website, but we cannot guarentee the accuracy or reliability of such information. Under no circumstances shall we accept liability for any direct, indirect, special, incodential or consequential damages arising out of the use or inability to use this website and/or services, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages. The information here is provided on an “as-is” basis. We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify, disable access to or discontinue, temporarily or permenantly, any part of this website without notice. We also reserve the right to restrict access to this website should it be deemed neccessary.
The posts on the forums do not necessarily contain the views and/or opinions of Chesham United, and may contain abusive, obscene, vulgar, slanderous, hateful or threatening language which we are not responsible for. Whilst we do aim to remove unsuitable comments promptly, we recommend that young users are supervised whilst viewing the forums.
Copyright
This website is © Copyright 2012 Chesham United FC & Chesham United Supporters’ Trust. No part of this website may be reproduced in part or whole without the prior consent of Chesham United Football Club. We permit you to print copies of the information on this website for your own personal use, providing the Copyright details are not obscured in any way.
If you are a programme editor of a football club and wish to publish information or images from this website, you are permitted to do so providing you include a clear reference to the Chesham United website (www.cheshamunited.co.uk).
Company Details
Registered Address: The Meadow, Amy Lane, Chesham, Buckinghamshire, HP5 1NE
Company Registration Number: 1017530
Postal:
Chesham United Football Club
The Meadow, Amy Lane,
Chesham, Buckinghamshire
HP5 1NE
Phone: 01494 783 964
Fax: 01494 794 244
Email:
Company: secretary@cheshamunited.co.uk
Webteam: webcontent@cheshamunited.co.uk
© 2020 Chesham United FC
Website Designed & Developed by creativepixel