http://www.pioneer-football.org/legal/privacy/
Archives
Players of the Week
2019 PFL Standings
2018 PFL Standings
2017 PFL Standings
2016 PFL Standings
2015 PFL Standings
2014 PFL Standings
2013 PFL Standings
2012 PFL Standings
About the PFL
PFL Tiebreaker
Weekly Releases
Record Book
Butler Bulldogs
Davidson Wildcats
Dayton Flyers
Drake Bulldogs
Jacksonville Dolphins
Marist Red Foxes
Morehead State Eagles
San Diego Toreros
Stetson Hatters
Valparaiso Crusaders
Legal
» Privacy Statement
PIONEER-FOOTBALL.ORG
PRIVACY STATEMENT
Pioneer Football League is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Privacy Statement applies to Pioneer Football League's website and governs data collection and usage. By using Pioneer Football League's website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
COLLECTION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Pioneer Football League collects personally identifiable information, such as your email address, name, home or work address and telephone number. Pioneer Football League also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by Pioneer Football League. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used by Pioneer Football League for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of Pioneer Football League's website.
Pioneer Football League encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from Pioneer Football League's website so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. Pioneer Football League is not responsible for the privacy statements or content on websites outside of Pioneer Football League's family of websites.
USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Pioneer Football League collects and uses your personal information to operate the Pioneer Football League website and deliver the services you have requested. Pioneer Football League also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Pioneer Football League and its affiliates. Pioneer Football League may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Pioneer Football League does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Pioneer Football League may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Pioneer Football League may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Pioneer Football League does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Pioneer Football League keeps track of the websites and pages our customers visit within the Pioneer Football League family of websites, in order to determine what Pioneer Football League services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Pioneer Football League will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Pioneer Football League; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Pioneer Football League; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Pioneer Football League's family of websites, or the public.
USE OF COOKIES
Pioneer Football League's website uses "cookies" to help personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you register with Pioneer Football League's website, a cookie helps Pioneer Football League to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to Pioneer Football League's website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies.
Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of Pioneer Football League's website and other websites you visit.
SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Pioneer Football League secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Pioneer Football League secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
CHANGES TO THIS STATEMENT
Pioneer Football League will occasionally update this Privacy Statement to reflect company and customer feedback. Pioneer Football League encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Pioneer Football League is protecting your information.
CONTACT INFORMATION
Pioneer Football League welcomes your comments regarding this Privacy Statement.
If you believe that Pioneer Football League has not adhered to this Statement, please contact bushc@apsu.edu. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
Pioneer Football League Members
Butler |
Davidson |
Dayton |
Drake
Marist |
Morehead State |
Presbyterian
San Diego |
Stetson |
St. Thomas |
Valparaiso
Pioneer Football League
1818 Chouteau Ave. | St. Louis, MO 63103
(p) 314.444.4360 | Contact Us
© 2020 Pioneer Football League. All Rights Reserved.
Terms of Use |
Privacy Statement |
Mobile Site