https://www.mits.net.au/privacy-policy/
Home
About us
Our Team
Programs
FAQs
Contact
Register
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Privacy Policy
Home / Privacy Policy
The Melbourne International Tennis School Respects Your Privacy
The Melbourne International Tennis School is committed to complying with its obligations under the National Privacy Act as contained in the newly amended privacy legislation which came into effect on 21 December 2001.
Collection of your Personal Information
In order to provide better service to our valued customers, we may request personal details such as your name, address, telephone number or e-mail address. If you choose to withhold requested personal information, we may not be able to provide you with the customer service you require should that depend on the collection of that information, particularly if the collection of that information is required by law.
Use of your Personal Information
The personal information that we seek is generally used for the purpose of being of service to you. We do not use your personal information for any purpose other than for the purpose for which it was disclosed.
Your personal information is also collected to promote and market The Melbourne International Tennis School services we offer and which we consider may be of interest to you. If you do not wish us to contact you in relation to such services, please contact us and tell us.
Disclosure of your Personal Information
We may disclose your personal information to our retailers and to any service providers who provide services in connection with The Melbourne International Tennis School. This information is only provided if it helps us to be of better service to you.
We do not provide or sell your personal information to other organisations.
Storage and Security of your Personal Information
The Melbourne International Tennis School takes measures to ensure your personal information is protected from unauthorised access, loss, misuse, disclosure or alteration.
Your personal information is stored in secure electronic databases. We use a number of appropriate security procedures and technology to protect this information. We also take measures to remove your personal information when it is no longer required for the purpose for which it was collected.
Your Personal Information Collected from www.mits.net.au
We take care to ensure that the personal information you give us on our website is protected. You can access external websites by clicking on links we have provided. These other websites are not subject to The Melbourne International Tennis School privacy standards, policies and procedures. Please refer to their privacy statements and/or Privacy Officers regarding the information stored, gathered and presented via that web site.
Access to Your Personal Information
We take all reasonable steps to ensure that personal information that we hold about you is as accurate as is possible. We will always provide you with access to any personal information we hold about you. You are able to contact us at any time and ask for its correction if you feel the information we have about you is inaccurate, incomplete or out of date.
Before we provide you with access to your personal information, we will require some proof of identity. We do this to protect the confidentiality of your personal information.
Updates of the The Melbourne International Tennis School Privacy Policy
Any changes that may be made from time to time to our Privacy Policy will be made available via our website www.mits.net.au. To obtain a print copy of this statement, please contact the The Melbourne International Tennis School Director.
Maribyrnong Sports Academy
Address: Maribyrnong College, River Street Maribyrnong
World Class Facilities at our doorstep.
6 Hard Courts with lights
Indoor and Outdoor Running Tracks
State of the art Gym, including free weights, machines and cardio room
Indoor Stadium including Basketball, Badminton, Volleyball, Offices
Lecture rooms, classrooms, Offices, Boardroom
Maidstone Tennis Club
Address: Cnr Mephan Street & Rosamond Road
Maidstone Tennis Club provides tennis to all ages, abilities and gender.
The club has 4 functionally working hard courts in which all members have access to and are all flood lit.
Coaching is available for all members and non-members weekdays and weekends and competition is played on weekends as well.
Maidstone Tennis Club is associated with the Western Region Tennis Association and Tennis Victoria.
Williamstown Tennis Club
Address: Esplanade & Morris St, Williamstown VIC 3016
The Williamstown Tennis Club in situated in the heart of Williamstown and next door to the Wiliamstown Football Club.
The Club has 3 synthetic grass courts and has a great view of the Williamstown Beach Front.
We participate in the Western Region Tennis Competition (WRTA) in both Junior & Senior Competitions.
We are associated with Tennis Victoria & Tennis Australia.