https://www.aol.com/article/news/2020/09/24/heat-celtics-come-to-terms-with-breonna-taylor-decision/24629209/
Stay in the loop! Get breaking news and big stories on your desktop
Notify Me
When prompted, click "Allow" you can always change your mind later.
news
Search The Web
Search Aol.com
Search
Login / Join
Mail
Downloads
AOL App
Discover AOL
MyBenefits
ID Theft Protection
Travel Tips
Games
Favorites
Maps
Tech Help
PC Checkup
Live Help
0°
Enter City/ZIP
City or Zip
Change weather location
Mail
Login / Join
News
U.S. News
World News
Politics
Sports
Science & Tech
Entertainment
Celebrity
Movies
Music
TV
Finance
Business
Careers
Personal Finance
Retirement
Real Estate
My Portfolios
Resources
Taxes
Lifestyle
Style
Beauty
Wellness
Food
Travel
Living
Shop
Video
Games
Heat, Celtics come to terms with Breonna Taylor decision
Share
Yahoo Sports
Chris Haynes
Sep 24th 2020 7:31AM
Your browser does not support iframes.LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. — A Jefferson County, Kentucky, grand jury on Wednesday declined to bring charges against three white Louisville police officers for the killing of Breonna Taylor, a 26-year-old African American woman who has been the focus of NBA players’ quest for justice since the NBA’s restart.Brett Hankison was indicted on three counts of first-degree wanton endangerment in connection with the fatal shooting and his bond was set at $15,000. The charges each carry a maximum length of five years in prison. Hankison was fired from the police force in June. The other two officers — Myles Cosgrove and Jon Mattingly — were not charged in the case.Members of the Miami Heat and Boston Celtics resumed the Eastern Conference finals Wednesday with heavy hearts and a reluctant focus on basketball.“It’s tough,” said Celtics guard Jaylen Brown after Miami’s 112-109 win over Boston. “To be honest, I wasn’t surprised by the verdict. It’s hard to gather the words, but I wasn’t surprised. I think that in society, the way it was built, the intentions were never to protect and serve people of color initially. So when they were gearing for what was about to happen, I knew that the wrong decision was probably being made. Until we dismantle, recreate or change this system that we have, it’s going to continue to have victims like Breonna Taylor and others that fall victim to oppression.”“Obviously there's always a lot of emotion that goes on, and you never actually don't think about it because it's always much bigger than a sport,” said Heat forward Jimmy Butler. “It's always much bigger than basketball, because that could be anybody. That could be me. That could be any African American. So when you look at it like that, for me, it's always on my heart because I just think it's some bull crap. Going into the game, you do have to compete. But at the end of the day, I mean, we're people first, not just athletes.”On March 13, the three officers entered Taylor’s apartment to execute a warrant to locate a man during a narcotics investigation. The officers announced themselves before entering Taylor’s apartment, said Kentucky Attorney General Daniel Cameron on Wednesday. Witnesses allegedly heard the officers announce themselves, but Taylor’s boyfriend, Kenneth Walker, said there was no announcement.Walker allegedly fired a shot when the officers broke in, according to Cameron. Officers returned fire, shooting over 20 times and striking Taylor five times.This case, along with the George Floyd’s death in police custody in Minnesota, pushed the Black Lives Matter movement into overdrive and set off protests around the world.NBA and WNBA players, along with a large number of Americans, protested and committed to fight for justice and raise awareness about the oppression of African Americans. One of the social justice statements players are allowed to wear on the back of their jerseys during the NBA’s Disney restart is "Say Her Name," a reference to Taylor.“It's frustrating,” Celtics forward Jayson Tatum said. “I kind of felt like we knew what was going to happen, and then still when it happens, it's sad. It's frustrating. It's been 194 days. There's still no justice. Still having to fight for the same thing. It's just a lot to process. It was a tough day, a tough day for all of us.”More from Yahoo Sports:Pro Football Hall of Famer, Bears legend Sayers dead at 77Wetzel: Do Nuggets have your attention now, Los Angeles?NFL Week 2 ratings: Most games favorable in final numbersThamel: What to make of Prime’s hire as Jackson State coach
Tags
Boston Celtics
Breonna Taylor
Miami Heat
NBA
Read Full Story
From Our Partners
The Latest from our PartnersYour best refinance rates for December 2020Refi with no hidden fees/points - as low as 2.34% APR (15yr)Hack your mortgage by refinancing to a 15yr fixedRead more fromSavings Interest Rates SkyRocket After Fed MeetingWith the Recent Rate Hike, CDs Become Best InvestmentMortgage Rates Remain Low by Historical Standards – Experts Urge Locki…Read more from30 digital gift cards that make great last-minute giftsThis hydrating serum gives you ‘glass skin’ — and estheticians say it’…TikTok found a tattoo tint that makes your brows look perfectRead more fromTwo Savings Accounts That Pay 10x What Your Bank PaysCD Rates SkyrocketWhat Most Americans Don't Realize About Car InsuranceRead more fromForget the 30yr mortgage if you owe less than $726k (Do this instea…How to pay off your house ASAP (So simple it's unbelievable)Congress Gives Veterans A Generous Mortgage Relief ProgramRead more fromHome Mortgage Rates Drop Sharply This WeekHARP Refinance Program is Over. Now What?Digital Mortgage Platform Helps Home Buyers Shop for MortgagesRead more from
Scroll to continue with content
AD
Recommended For YouLGBTQ justice warrior takes in his landmark victoryMeet the Uber driver behind AOL's 'You've Got Mail' greetingLady Gaga calls President Trump a 'fool, and a racist,' decries George Floyd's deathThe Latest From Healthgrades1Expert Tips for Getting Through TAVR2Treating Small Lymphocytic Lymphoma39 Dos and Don'ts of Thyroid Medicine47 Tips for Overcoming Opioid Use Disorder55 Easy Tips for Bladder ControlMore Health StoriesFind Local DoctorsMore to Explore
Get breaking news and big stories on your desktop.
Notify Me
When prompted, click “Allow”
You can always change your mind later.
Joe Biden projected to win Michigan
37d
President Trump projected to win battleground state of Florida
37d
President Trump projected to win the battleground state of Ohio
37d
Sen. Lindsey Graham projected to win fourth term in South Carolina
38d
Democrat John Hickenlooper projected to win Senate seat in Colorado...
38d
You have blocked notifications from Aol.com
If you change your mind, here's how to allow notifications:
If you’d like to allow notifications, please go into your browser’s Website or Privacy settings and set the permissions for AOL.com to “Allow.”