http://www.haydockparkgc.co.uk/privacy
More
Haydock Park Golf Club
Haydock ParkGolf Club
Members Login
Login
Menu
HomeMembers BenefitsThe CourseCourse GuideHPGC STRI ReportGreenkeepers BlogRules of Golf Changes - 2019 EventsEat Out To Help Out VisitorsCoronavirus Disease (COVID-19)Book A Tee TimeSocietiesGolf BreaksOpen CompetitionsOpen Competitions ResultsVisitors InfoDress CodeWinter PolicyCourse EtiquetteOn Line Booking - Terms & Condtions The ClubRestaurantWeddingsFunction RoomWhats On MembershipMembership fees Contact UsProfessional
Privacy Policy
This Website is provided by Intelligent Golf on behalf of Haydock Park Golf Club who uses this website to provide online information and services, competition management and CONGU ratified handicap maintenance, for Playing members of its Golf Club..
Access to this website is via Haydock Park Golf Club's Membership ID and a User managed PIN number and is limited to Golf Club Members and selected staff who need access for the purpose of supplying and maintaining information relative to the primary functions of the website, as stated above.
Haydock Park Golf Club will transfer from its own membership system only those personal details relevant to Golf Club membership such that a Golf Club Member may utilise this website effectively.
Users of the website are able to specify additional personal details by accessing the 'Preferences' area under the 'My Details' menu option. The details specified here will be used solely for the following purposes:-
1) Communication between members to facilitate the management of matches and competitions
2) Communication between Golf Club Members and Golf Club Committee Members and Officers to promote accessibility and enable the effective and smooth running of the club.
3) Contact information may be passed to Haydock Park Golf Club to enable them to maintain up to date contact information.
This is the Privacy Policy of Haydock Park Golf Club Limited.
We are a company registered in the UK.
Our address is Haydock Park Golf Club, Golborne Park, Newton Lane, Newton Le Willows. Merseyside. WA12 0HX.
This privacy policy sets out how we use and protect any information that you give to us when you visit this website or apply to become a member.
We are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
In regard to this website and its associated marketing activities Haydock Park Golf Club manage personal data and are fully compliant with General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR).
Your privacy is of the highest importance to us, and we will never release your personal details to any third party without your express consent.
When you complete a ‘personal profile’ certain personal information is collected from you (for example: your name, email address, gender, golf handicap or ability, member status i.e. member or non-member).
All such information is held securely by Haydock Park Golf Club which endeavours to comply with all applicable Data Protection and consumer Regulations, and will treat all your personal information as confidential.
We may change this policy from time to time by updating this page and will notify you accordingly.
This policy is effective from 01/05/2018.
WHAT WE COLLECT
We may collect the following information:
Name and surname
Email address
Telephone Number
Gender
Handicap ability
Member or non-member
When you join Haydock Park Golf Club we collect only the information from you to fulfil our contractual obligations which includes being able to contact you to be able to send you a subscription notice, AGM Notices, general Club Information, updates, administer competitions and Handicaps..
WHAT WE DO WITH THE INFORMATION WE GATHER
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service and, in particular, for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
To improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about special offers, competitions, results or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email.
We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
CONTACT POLICY
We would like you to be the first to receive offers and news about the golf course. We do this in various ways including email, post, SMS, phone and social media but only if you would like to receive our communications.
Your privacy is very important to us which is why we make sure you’re always in control of what we do with your personal information.
This is our simple customer contact promise:
We will never pass your personal details to any third party other than our data processors.
We will only use your details to help personalise communications.
We will make sure our contact with you is relevant based on the information you give us.
You can opt out at any time.
All you need to do is email secretary@haydockparkgc.co.uk  and notify us of your contact preferences and we will stop contacting you henceforth
We’ll always comply with the Data Protection Act 1998 and GDPR.
Please do let us know if your details change so that we can continue to stay in touch.
SECURITY
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect from you.
International transfers of your personal information; We do not transfer your personal information to International third parties.
Personal Data Security and Confidentiality. We maintain adequate technical and organisational security measures to protect your personal information from loss, misuse, and unauthorised access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction.
Access and Correction Rights
You can request access to, and have the opportunity to update and amend your personal information, and you can exercise any other rights you enjoy under applicable data protection laws, including, for example, objection to and blocking of the processing of your personal information, by contacting us.For security reasons, we reserve the right to take steps to authenticate your identity before providing access to your personal information.
Retention of data
We will keep your personal information for as long as necessary for the purposes for which it was collected, to provide you with services and to conduct our legitimate business interests or where otherwise required by law.
Changes to the Policy
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion,  to modify, add or remove sections of this privacy policy at any time and any changes will be notified to you using the email address you have given us or by an announcement on the webpage available at the “Privacy Policy” link.
Privacy Queries
If you have any questions regarding this policy, or you wish to update your details or remove your personal data from our records, please inform us by email to secretary@haydockparkgc.co.uk
Cookie Policy.
In order to be transparent with our visitors and to comply with the recent legislation we are providing you with details of how we use Cookies on this website. Please take a moment to familiarise yourself with our Cookies Policy and let us know if you have any questions.
WHAT ARE COOKIES AND WHY ARE THEY USED?
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer when you visit a website. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site.
Cookies were designed to remember things that an internet user has done on that website in the past, which can include putting products in their basket, logging in, or clicking on links.
Cookies are not dangerous. They are not computer programs and cannot be used to circulate viruses.
This information about how customers use the website is used in many ways:
:: To find out what the website doesn't do well and make improvements to it in future
:: To keep a record of the products you've put in your shopping basket for next time you visit
:: To make personalised product recommendations, based upon your previous times you've shopped on the website
:: To remember your preferences
:: Allow you to share pages with social networks like Facebook
:: Make sure advertising on other websites is relevant to you
:: And many other things too
WHAT THE NEW REGULATION SAYS ABOUT COOKIES?
Within the new EU and UK ruling, there is a requirement to obtain consent for Cookies or similar technologies.
The rules in this area are designed to protect the privacy of internet users. They are intended to prevent information being stored on people's computers, and used to recognise them, without their knowledge or agreement.
TYPES OF COOKIES
Session (or Transient) Cookies
Session cookies are stored in your computer's memory for the length of your browsing session. They become inaccessible after the session has been inactive for a time and are automatically deleted from your computer when the browser is closed. They allow you to move from page to page without having to log-in repeatedly.
Persistent (or Permanent) Cookies
Persistent cookies that are stored on the user's computer memory and are not deleted when the browser is closed. They are used to keep your preferences for the website, so they will be remembered for next time you visit the website. They are also used to collect information about the numbers of visitors, the average time spent on a particular page and analyse shopping behaviour on the website. This information is used to find out how the well the website works and where it can be improved.
Third-party cookies
In an attempt to provide you with increased value, we may from time to time include third party links on our Website. These linked sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We encourage you to review those policies when you visit those sites. This Privacy Policy Statement only covers our Website and does not cover any other website. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites
Other cookies (Google Analytics)
We use this to monitor site performance, sales and how the site is being used in order to constantly provide the best experience to our customers. The data being passed is anonymous. More information can be found at http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Advertising on other websites
These cookies are used to advertise relevant products to you on other websites, based on the products and categories you looked at on another site. We may utilise these cookies in the future.
Sharing with social networks
If you use the buttons that allow you to share products and content with your friends via social networks like twitter and Facebook, these companies may set a cookie on your computer memory. Find out more about these here:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
http://twitter.com/privacy
http://www.google.com/intl/en-GB/policies/privacy/
OPTING-OUT OF COOKIES
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit http://www.aboutcookies.org orwww.allaboutcookies.org
If you have opted out of all cookies, then it may impact your ability to place an order on our website. You will, however, still be able to browse our website
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
You can manage the cookies that you allow on your computer through the internet browser that you use. You can also ask to be alerted every time a cookie is offered
Created by intelligentgolf version 10.1.2.
© 2020. Haydock Park Golf, Ltd. - Est. 1877 Golborne Park, Newton Lane, Newton-Le-Willows, Merseyside, WA12 0HX Tel: 01925 228 525Privacy PolicyEquality and Diversity Policy