https://www.hsts.biz/shop-equipment-returns-policy/
Skip to content
Shop Returns Policy
Home / Shop Returns Policy
Refunds & Returns Policy
If you wish to return any items from your order for an exchange or refund, simply contact us at sales@hsts.biz for approval.
Once approved, you can then print a free returns label using the link below (UK Only.) Include your returns form and ensure your parcel is packaged up securely, attach the label to the front of your parcel and take it to your nearest post office. Be sure to request a receipt in exchange for your parcel. This is your proof of postage as well as record of your returns tracking number. We will process refunds/and or exchanges within 72 hours of receipt, this may vary during busy periods. If you have any queries you can contact HSTS admin team.
Customers will be responsible for their own returns postage costs. Please contact us for a quote if you require a collection or reimbursement.
You are responsible for the return postage cost, providing we are not at fault. It is your responsibility to obtain proof of postage for item(s) returned to HSTS, we recommend that you use a recorded delivery service.
If you are returning items in exchange for other goods, HSTS will charge for the redelivery of exchanged item(s) at the same rate as your original order delivery charge.
Please note we are unable to despatch the exchanged item(s) until we have received payment for redelivery.
If an your order is returned back to us because delivery has been refused or you have supplied an incorrect shipping address the item(s) will be refunded minus the original delivery charge.
Items that cannot be returned
We can only accept Returned item(s) back to our returns centre within 30 days of you receiving your order.
We can only accept item(s) being returned for an exchange or refund if they are in their original unused/unsoiled condition with the original product tags or labels still attached to the product they came with.
Please note the following products are excluded from our return policy for hygiene reasons; compression shorts, mouthguards, socks, gum shields, groin cups, groin guards, Training Mask’s and underwear.
Order Errors & Damaged Or Faulty Goods
Should there be an error with your order or a faulty or damaged item within your order, we require that you notify us by telephone on 01525 308307 from within the United Kingdom OR email within 7 days of receipt.
We will exchange the item for an undamaged replacement or the correct product. Alternatively you also have a 30 day right to reject faulty or damaged goods and return for a refund. Please note that by default we will issue a refund if the replacement product is not available.
Whilst in your care, the parcel is deemed your responsibility. If you lose, use or give away that parcel, no replacement will be provided.
Once we have received the returned item, we will dispatch the corrected order.
Payment And Stock Availability
Goods and prices are subject to availability. All prices are inclusive of VAT where appropriate.
In the event that we are unable to supply the goods, we will inform you of this as soon as possible. A full refund will be offered where you have already paid for the goods and any postage charges if applicable.
When will I receive my exchange?
As soon as your return has been processed by our returns centre, replacement exchange products will usually be despatched with 24 hours.
How Long Does It Take To Process My Refund?
Refunds will usually take 3-5 working days to appear on your bank account.
Have You Received My Returned Goods?
HSTS will process your Refund or Exchange once we have received back your returned items(s) to our Returns Centre and have inspected the returned goods.
We will process refunds/and or exchanges within 72 hours of receipt, this may vary during busy periods.
As soon as your return has been processed by our admin centre, we’ll either process your refund or send out the exchange.
Please note refunds will take 5-7 days to appear back into your account.
Looking to Join HSTS?
Home
Info
HSTS Taekwon-Do
HSTS Instructors
About Our Club
New Starters Info
Frequently Asked Questions
Testimonials
Policy
Safeguarding/Conduct
Cancellation Policy
Privacy Policy
GDPR Policy
Shop Returns Policy
Associations
UTA
UKITF
BTC
Classes
Classes
New Starters
Little Dragons (4-8yrs)
Cadets 9-13yrs
Adults & 14yrs +
Ladies Only Class
Get Started
New Starter
Little Dragon
UTA Enrolment Form
Register Student Account
Times & Locations
Hitchin
Stevenage
Barton-Le-Clay
Events
All Day Training
Black Belt Assessments
Competitions
Gradings
Students
TaeKwon-Do Patterns
What is a Pattern?
KUP Patterns
DAN Patterns
Grading Requirements
Colour Belts
Black Belts
Sparring
Theory
Korean Terminology
Further Learning
Private lessons
Online videos
Founder: Gen. Choi Hong Hi
Zoom Link
Student Forms & Downloads
Home Assessment Form
Shop
Junior Training Equipment
First Aid
HSTS Branded Clothing
Other Disciplines
Private Lessons
Sparring Protection
Training Equipment
UTA Official Club Uniform
Club News
Main Club News
Little Dragons News
Competition News
Contact
0
Login
Search for:
Login
Username or email address *
Password *
Remember me
Log in
Lost your password?
4 free lessons
Days Hours Minutes Seconds
available to new students this month
NEW Students
Any Age
Any experience
free sign up here