https://www.therinks.com/privacy-policy
ICE MANAGEMENT, LLC PRIVACY POLICY
Effective: January 1, 2020
This Privacy Policy describes how Ice Management, LLC (“The Rinks”) treats your information when you visit our websites, use our mobile apps (if any), purchase tickets or other products, register for a promotion, event, league, team, class, camp or other similar events or programs through us, or otherwise interact with The Rinks, including through its programs, including without limitation, the Anaheim Ducks High School Hockey League and the Orange County Hockey Club. It also describes how your information is used and disclosed to other parties.
By interacting with and providing your information to us, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy. You also agree that The Rinks may share your Personal Information (defined below) among its affiliates (including affiliated entities, sponsors, and vendors). If you do not agree, you must refrain from using our services or interacting with us.
HOW WE TREAT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We collect information from you that identifies, describes, or is reasonably capable of being associated with you or your household (“Personal Information”). Sometimes we also receive your Personal Information from our service providers and marketing partners. Personal Information does not include publicly available information in government records or any data that has been deidentified, aggregated, or otherwise anonymized.
We collect and use different kinds of Personal Information for different reasons depending on how you interact with us. The paragraphs in this section describe how we collect, use, and disclose Personal Information based on these types of interactions.
The Rinks does not and will not sell your Personal Information to third parties without first providing you appropriate notice.
We do not operate The Rinks – Corona Inline (“Corona Inline”). When you interact with Corona Inline, the policies and practices of Corona Inline’s operator may apply with respect to Personal Information collected by Corona Inline through your use of its online services, your purchases, your registration, or when you contact Corona Inline. Corona Inline’s operator is an independent third party and we are not responsible for how it treats such information.
When You Use Our Online Services
When you access The Rinks’ websites, visit one of our ticketing or registration platforms, or other otherwise interact with our services online or through the mobile app, The Rinks collects the following categories of Personal Information from you:
Personal identifiers, such as your name, phone number, or email address;
Data collected through cookies, tags, or similar technologies;
Device identifiers, IP addresses, and other online identifiers;
Information about how you interact with and use our website or services; and/or
Geolocation information, if your device or browser settings are enabled to share your location.
We may collect additional Personal Information when you take some action to provide that information to us. For example, if you contact us regarding our clubs or events, we may request that you provide your name and contact information so that we can respond to your inquiry. (See the paragraph below on “When You Contact Us” to understand more about how we treat this information.)
When You Make A Purchase
If you buy tickets or any of our goods or products, we collect the following categories of Personal Information:
Personal identifiers, such as your name, phone number, email address, or billing address;
Financial information, including your credit or bank card information;
Professional information, if you make a purchase through your work or in relation to a work event; and/or
Commercial information about your purchase, type of event, or other transaction details.
We use this information to process your transaction and provide you with goods, products, or services. We may also use your contact details and information about your transaction to provide you relevant information about promotions, marketing materials, or other incentives.
We share this information with financial institutions who process payments; companies who promote or process ticketing; and other business partners who help us analyze and understand what goods, products, or services are popular and relevant to our customers.
When You Register For An Event or Program
If you register for our events, leagues, teams, classes, camps or similar events and programs, we collect the following categories of Personal Information:
Personal identifiers, such as your name, phone number, email address, billing address, or password;
Financial information, including your credit or bank card information; and/or
Commercial information about your purchase, type of event, or other transaction details.
We use this information to manage and process your registration and provide you with the applicable services. We may also use your Personal Information to provide you relevant information about promotions, marketing materials, or other incentives.
We share this information with service providers, including financial institutions who process payments; companies such as Dash and MaxGalaxy who promote or process registrations; and other business partners who help us analyze and understand what goods, products, or services are popular and relevant to you.
When registering for our events or programs, for example through Dashplatform.com or Maxgalaxy.net, the policies and practices of Dash and MaxGalaxy may apply with respect to Personal Information collected by Dash and MaxGalaxy through your registration. Dash and MaxGalaxy are independent third parties and we are not responsible for how they treat such information.
When You Engage With Us On Social Media
The Rinks has social media accounts, including, but not limited to, Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter. You may choose to interact with us on social media, for example, by following, commenting on, or sharing our content. Based on your social media privacy settings, most social media platforms analyze how you interact with us and combine it with information about other users and may share with us the following categories of Personal Information:
Personal identifiers, such as your name, profile name, or email;
Internet network activity, such as the products you have viewed or websites you have visited;
Characteristics, such as your gender and age; and/or
Location information about the region you are in.
In addition, we may receive your information if other users interact with us on social media and your information is visible to us, for example your friend status or your public profile information.
We use the information we receive from social media providers to enhance our social media presence and deliver relevant information to you about promotional opportunities, marketing materials, and other incentives.
To the extent you provide your information on social media platforms, those social media provider’s policies and practices apply with respect to their sites and services. We do not control such social media providers and are not responsible for how they treat your Personal Information.
When You Participate In Sweepstakes or Other Promotions
You may have opportunities to enter into sweepstakes or other promotions, including through SMS and text message enter-to-win contests. If you participate, we generally collect basic personal identifiers, such as your name, age, phone number, email address, and mailing address.
We use this information to run the promotion. We may also use this information to contact you about other news, promotions, or other opportunities.
Your Personal Information may be shared with business partners who are involved with the sweepstakes or promotion. If a Rinks-related promotion is run by a third party (such as the sponsor of the promotion), that third party’s policies and practices may apply with respect to Personal Information collected through such promotion. We do not control such third parties and are not responsible for how they treat your Personal Information.
When You Contact Us
At times, you may need to contact us about your order, account, or other questions or concerns. If you contact us, we may collect the following categories of Personal Information:
Personal identifiers, such as your name or phone number;
Commercial information about your purchases or transactions; and/or
Any other information that may be relevant to your inquiry.
We use this information to respond to your request, improve quality assurance, and for training purposes. If you express interest in certain goods or services, we may also use this information to send you additional information about those goods or services.
We may use service providers to help support our customer service line and they may collect or host this information on our behalf.
When We Contact You
We may contact you with information about upcoming events, news about the team, or marketing and advertising promotions and initiatives. We may use the following categories of Personal Information to contact you:
Personal identifiers, such as your name, age, phone number, email address, or mailing address;
Commercial information about your purchases or transactions; and/or
Inferences drawn from your Personal Information to understand your preferences.
We use this information to call or send you texts, emails, messages or newsletters with information about ticket sales; upcoming events; news about the team; marketing and advertising promotions and initiatives; technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages; or if we need to verify your identity.
We may share this information with service providers who enable us to contact you. We also share this information with marketing partners who help us analyze and understand what products or services may be relevant to you.
When We Want To Improve Our OfferingsWe collect and analyze Personal Information to learn how you engage with us in order to improve our events, products, and offerings. When it is possible to do so, we may link your Personal Information with non-personal information, aggregate data, or information we receive from our affiliates or marketing partners.
We may use Personal Information to conduct statistical and demographic analysis or market research, surveys, and similar inquiries to help us understand trends and customer needs. We also may use it to evaluate and improve your customer or event experience, online experience, existing services, or to create new events.
We share this information with our service providers who help us perform analytics and analysis on this data. We may also share it with our marketing partners to provide you with relevant information about our events, products, services, or promotional opportunities.
COOKIES
Our website, mobile app, ticketing and registration platforms, and other online services use cookies, tags, pixels, and similar technologies (“Cookies”) to provide, customize, evaluate, and improve our offerings.
A Cookie is a small piece of text that is placed on your website browser, device, or hard drive when you visit a website or use an application. Cookies serve a variety of functions, such as allowing us to remember your log-in information when you visit our websites and mobile app. You can find out more about Cookies in general and how they work at Cookiepedia.
Information That Cookies Collect
Cookies may automatically collect the following categories of Personal Information when you use our online services:
Device identifiers, IP addresses, and other online identifiers;
Information about how you interact with and use our website or mobile app; and/or
Geolocation information, if your device or browser settings are enabled to share your location.
We use Cookies to understand how you interact with our website and app; the tickets, products, programs, events or other services that you like; and what types of advertisements are relevant to you so we can improve our offerings and develop events and promotions that are interesting to our customers, participants and guests.
How We Use Cookies
Our website, mobile app, ticketing, event and program promotions and registrations, and other online services are provided through our partners and service providers. For example, registration is processed through Dash’s and MaxGalaxy’s platforms. These online services use our own first-party Cookies, as well as third-party Cookies of our service providers and marketing partners.
We cannot control and are not responsible for how third-party Cookies or information are used. Instead, you should look to those third parties’ policies and practices to understand how they treat your Personal Information or to exercise your rights.
How To Control Cookies
To prevent cookies from tracking your activity, set your browser to block certain cookies or to notify you when a cookie is set. However, if you block cookies, certain features of our websites or mobile apps may not work. For more information on how you can customize your browser’s cookie setting, please visit the link to your web browser below:
Chrome
Google
Safari
Internet Explorer
Mozilla
You may opt-out of interest-based advertising in general by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s, or Network Advertising Initiative’s website. We are not responsible for the completeness, effectiveness, or accuracy of any third party opt-out options or programs.
DISCLOSURES PERMITTED OR REQUIRED BY LAW
Nothing in this Privacy Policy restricts The Rinks’ ability to:
Prevent, investigate, or provide notice of fraud, unlawful or criminal activity, or unauthorized access to or use of Personal Information, our website or data systems;
Collect or use aggregate or de-identified data;
Comply with federal, state, or local laws;
Comply with a civil, criminal, or regulatory inquiry, investigation, subpoena, or summons by federal, state, or local authorities;
Cooperate with law enforcement agencies concerning conduct or activity that a business, service provider, or third party reasonably and in good faith believes may violate federal, state, or local law;
Protect or defend against legal actions or claims; or
Transfer Personal Information as part of an actual or proposed organizational transaction, such as a merger or dissolution of The Rinks, or in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership.
YOUR RIGHTS AND OPT-OUT CHOICES
You can always change or correct the Personal Information you provided us by logging into your account and accessing your profile or preference center.
The Rinks may send you email messages, newsletters, direct mail offers, or other communications regarding events, news or promotions. You may opt-out of receiving such communications by following the instructions below:
Email
You can opt-out of marketing emails by using the unsubscribe link at the bottom of such email or emailing us at contactus@therinks.com. Note that you may still receive emails from us related to your transactions, safety issues, or other important information that we need to communicate to you.
Printed Materials
Contact us at contactus@therinks.com to stop receiving mailings such as letters, flyers, or postcards.
Voice Messages and Texting
Follow the instructions stated in the pre-recorded voice message, text STOP to the code we provided to you in the applicable text alert, or contact us at contactus@therinks.com. The Rinks does not charge for receiving text message alerts, but message and data rates may apply.
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
California residents may have additional rights over their Personal Information.
The Right To Request More Information
You may have the right to request more information about how we treated your Personal Information in the past 12 months, including:
The categories of Personal Information we collected about you;
The categories of sources from which we collected that information;
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting that information;
The categories of third parties with whom we shared that information; and/or
The specific pieces of Personal Information we collected about you.
The Right to Request Access
You also may have the right to request access to your Personal Information.
The Right to Request Deletion
Under certain conditions, you may have the right to request that we delete your Personal Information. Logging out or uninstalling an app does not delete your account or the Personal Information we may have collected.
Third-Party Marketing
We may share your Personal Information with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes. If you are a California resident, you may be able to request and obtain information regarding such disclosures, including the categories of Personal Information we shared, in the past 12 months.
How To Exercise These Rights
To submit a request to exercise these rights, you may contact us through either our (1) online request portal or (2) toll-free number at 888-914-9661 (enter PIN 583595).
If you make a request, we will acknowledge its receipt within ten (10) days. If you do not receive a response, please ensure your request was submitted properly or call us at 888-914-9661 (enter PIN 583595).
Verification
Before we can respond to your request, we must verify your identity using your Personal Information. If we are unable to verify your identity, we will contact you for additional information. If we are still unable to verify your identify after a good faith attempt, we may deny the request and will provide a basis for the denial.
Designating an Authorized Agent
You may designate someone to submit requests and act on your behalf (an “Authorized Agent”). To do so, you must provide us with verifiable written permission to allow such Authorized Agent to act on your behalf.
Do Not Track Requests
Some web browsers or smartphones have the ability to set “Do Not Track” requests to block user activity from being tracked across web pages or devices. We do not recognize “Do Not Track” signals.
INFORMATION PERTAINING TO CHILDREN
The Rinks does not knowingly or intentionally collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13 online. If a child under the age of 13 has, or may have, provided Personal Information to The Rinks without the consent of a legal guardian or parent, such parent or guardian may contact us at contactus@therinks.com. If we become aware that we have Personal Information belonging to a child under the age of 13 that was provided without the consent of a legal guardian or parent, we will delete such information.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES OR SERVICES
You may be able to access other websites or services operated by third parties through our website, mobile app, ticketing and registration platforms, or other online operations. We may, from time to time, at our sole discretion, add or remove links to other websites. These links are provided solely as a convenience to you, and access to any such website is at your own risk. Your dealings, communications with, or participation in activities with such websites (other than The Rinks’ hosted and controlled websites) and any terms, conditions, warranties, or representations associated with such dealings are solely between you and such third parties. When you visit their websites, they may collect information about your visit and use it to provide advertisements to you. This Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use do not apply to, and we are not responsible for, the practices of third parties that collect your Personal Information. Each of these linked websites may maintain its own policies about the collection, use, and protection of your Personal Information. We encourage you to check the privacy policies and terms of use of such third parties to learn about their practices.
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
This Privacy Policy is reviewed and updated to ensure it accurately captures our practices and procedures. The effective date of each version is identified above.
CONTACT US
Please contact us by mail, email, or telephone if you have any questions, comments, or concerns about this Privacy Policy or privacy-related comments or questions:
Email: contactus@therinks.com
Mailing Address: 300 W. Lincoln Ave., Anaheim, CA 92805
Phone: (714) 535-7465
The Rinks
About The Rinks
Join Our Rinks Newsletter
Events
News
Login/Create Your Account
Learn to Skate Camps