http://www.sportskool.com/privacy
Privacy Policy | Sportskool
Sports
Baseball Basketball Bass Fishing BMX Coaches & Parents Endurance Fitness Football Golf Hockey Lacrosse Skateboarding Skiing Snowboarding Soccer Softball Streetball Tennis Volleyball Yoga … and many more!
Our Channels
Endurance Sports Extreme Sports Fitness Golf OnDemand Sports Docs SportskoolPlus Team Sports Women's Sports Yoga
Where to Watch
SportskoolPlus (YouTube) OnDemand Roku DVD Amazon Video Sony Blu-Ray Devices YogaSessions.TV
Store
About
News
Contact
Privacy Policy
As a visitor to our site, please carefully review our privacy practices below. These privacy practices apply only to personal information collected over this website and do not apply to any other information collected by sportskool through any other means. We use the terms "visitors" and "you" in this policy to include any person who accesses this website.
I. How to Reach Us
This website, sportskool.com, is owned and operated by Grace Creek Media, Inc. (referred to herein as "sportskool," "We," "Us," or "Our"). You may contact us directly if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy and our website. Please contact us at:
Sportskool
c/o Grace Creek Media, Inc.
100 Cathedral Street, Suite 9
Annapolis, MD 21401
II. Collection and Use of Personal Information
sportskool: sportskool provides various informative and/or entertaining features as part of this website. We may also offer opportunities for website interaction; registration; participation in contests, promotions or special events; or electronic transactions. All of these features are voluntary. To operate these features, we may request and collect certain personally identifiable information provided by our visitors, including, but not limited to, name, home and email addresses, telephone numbers, birth date, payment or credit card information, and other identifying information (referred to herein as "personal information").
We may use collected personal information to allow site membership or registration; distribute our newsletter; respond to visitor inquiries or requests; allow online contests, events or promotional submissions; improve our services; enable participation in interactive areas, message boards or messaging services; to complete and fulfill online purchases or transactions; protect the security of our visitors, system, service and/or website; for marketing and/or promotional use; and to survey visitors about various topics.
For the above features, we may use contract and/or third party service providers to provide a specific site service and/or to collect visitor personal information over our website on our behalf. See subsection "C" below for information about contract provider collections.
The personal information collected through this website may be combined and maintained with information we collect offline.
Affiliates and Co-Sponsors: Certain entities under common ownership or control with sportskool ("Affiliates") or other third party sponsors ("Co-Sponsors") may join with us to offer website features or promotions and may request and collect your personal information. If you submit your personal information for such joint offerings, the Affiliate or Co-Sponsor may share your personal information with us and/or we may share such information with them. The Affiliate or Co-Sponsor may also maintain separate or additional privacy policies governing the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information. Personal information collected in conjunction with such features may be used for the marketing of additional services, promotions or events.
sportskool, its parents and Affiliates are not responsible for the collection, use and disclosure practices of third parties, including those of third party Co-Sponsors.
Third Party Contract Providers: We may enter into contracts with select third parties to provide site features or services. These third parties may collect personal information on our behalf to complete your requests or transactions and will then share the collected information with us. For example, we have contracted with a third party to process requests for the purchase of products over our site. If you purchase products over our site, this third party will collect and record your personal information on our behalf, including your credit card data to complete the purchase, the type of item purchased and the date and time of the transaction. The third party provider will then share this information with a credit card processor and a delivery carrier to complete the transaction and deliver the item to you. While both sportskool and the third party contract providers will protect collected personal information in accordance with this policy, please be advised that the purchase of a product or service over the site also requires the sharing of your personal information with independent third party payment processors and carriers that have separate policies to protect your information.
We may also contract with third parties to offer features that enable multiple device interaction, such as messaging to your wireless mobile device. If you register for such features or services, sportskool and/or a third party contract provider will log your personal information, including your mobile device number. We may also record the wireless carrier associated with the number, the dates and times of messages, service usage and satisfaction. Your wireless mobile carrier and other service providers may also collect data about your mobile usage, and their practices are governed by their own privacy policies.
sportskool, its parents and Affiliates are not responsible or liable for the collection, use and disclosure practices of independent third parties that may obtain access to your personal information through the above features and services.
Third Party Advertisers: We may permit advertising on our website by third parties and/or link to the websites or offerings by third parties that are not owned or operated by sportskool, its parents or Affiliates, or that do not participate in joint activities with us. These third parties may independently solicit and collect personal information, send their own cookies to our visitors, or link visitors away from our site. In some cases, we may have access to information from web beacons or cookies used by third party advertisers on our sites and this information may permit us to identify other sites that you have visited that are also associated with the advertiser. Please be advised that when you click on a third party advertisement or link to another website, you will be subject to the privacy policy and terms of usage agreement of that advertiser/website operator. Programs or other applications on your computer may cause advertisements not affiliated with us to appear on top of our web pages. We are not responsible for third party advertiser ads, links and/or "pop-ups," or the content, activities, information collection, use and disclosure practices of other third party site operators.
Collection of Non-Personal Information
We may collect non-personal information about visitors through use of cookies or gifs.
Cookies. A cookie is a small data file that contains a unique identification number that a website places on your hard drive. The "cookie" is able to store information such as data about your computer, the type of browser you use, and how many times your computer visits a certain site and selections chosen.
Gifs. A clear gif [Graphics Interchange Format] (also known as pixel tags, web beacons or web bugs) is a tiny line of code only 1 by 1 pixel in size that is programmed to collect certain information about a visit to a particular website, such as how many hits a site link receives or to retrieve certain cookies or track visitor preferences.
These devices automatically collect certain aggregate data, including Internet server and browser identification, Internet service provider, clickstream information, the web page from which a visitor enters our site, web pages visited, usage patterns, duration of site visit and domain type. We may use these devices, and the aggregate information gathered from these devices to gauge the effectiveness of our website and site features; tailor our website to specific interests; estimate our audience site; conduct research or audits; simplify site navigation; or to deliver a more personalized website service. To prevent the automatic recording of information through cookies, you can configure your browser to either reject all cookies or notify you when a cookie is sent. If you disable cookie tracking, however, you may find that some areas on the website will be slower or may not function at all.
We do not use cookies or gifs to independently collect personal information. However, the aggregate data collected by these tracking devices may electronically link to some personal information that you voluntarily provide over our website. When combined with your personal information, this data will be protected as personal information in accordance with this policy. We may also take your personal information and make it non-personal aggregate information by removing characteristics (such as your name) that make the information personally identifiable to you (de-personalizing your information).
Disclosure of Personal Information
We may disclose your personal information with other parties when you consent to the disclosure; it is required or permitted by law, regulation, legal process or enforceable government request; it is necessary to operate our website or site features; to respond to visitors or to complete visitor requests or transactions; to protect the safety of our visitors, employees or property; to investigate or help prevent unlawful activity or activity that threatens our network, services or website; to provide or enhance our website features or operations; to enable participation in contests, sweepstakes or special activities; to allow receipt of membership, newsletter or promotional information; or for program subscription services.
The third parties with whom we disclose personal information include our parents, Affiliates; select Co-Sponsors; agents; consultants; content or service providers; entities that provide website operational, service or promotional support; attorneys; accountants; auditors; authorized government entities or other lawfully authorized parties; third parties that provide services on our behalf, such as for site activities, newsletter distribution, messaging services, electronic transactions, credit card and order fulfillment, carrier services, or for sending other membership or promotional offerings. We may disclose personal information to other third parties in conjunction with entering into an agreement for the sale of our stock or assets or if we are involved in bankruptcy proceedings. The recipient of personal information following such actions may have privacy policies that differ from those in this policy.
We may further disclose the names of visitors on our website or through our services for certain events, such as to announce the winners of contests or promotions.
We may disclose aggregate, non-personal information to other parties for other purposes.
Content of Emails
When we communicate with visitors via email or other online electronic communication, we will protect the privacy of the visitor?s email address and other personal information consistent with this policy. However, we may disclose the content or portion of the message that does not contain personal information to other third parties not identified in this policy.
Message Boards and Interactive Areas
Message boards and Interactive Areas available on our website are public areas. Any information posted in these areas can be viewed by other visitors or Internet users. Thus, you should not post personal information in these areas. Visitors using these features must also follow our Interactive Area requirements provided in our Terms of Usage Agreement.
How to Discontinue or Opt-Out of Online Participation
Online site participation is voluntary. If at any time you choose to discontinue your website registration, online participation, or no longer want to receive promotional information, please follow the unsubscribe or opt-out instructions provided on our site or contained in the applicable email or electronic communication sent from us.
How to Change Collected Personal Information
The submission of personal information over our website is voluntary. You may request that we update or change certain personal information that we have collected about you by contacting us at the email link provided above. Certain information that we have collected may need to be retained for security purposes, in accordance with various laws or per our business retention practices. We retain the right to refuse to change or delete certain personal information.
Retention of Personal Information
We retain personal information for as long as it is needed to maintain our business records in the ordinary course, to preserve our database and website records, to comply with laws governing our business, or if there are authorized requests for retention and/or disclosure from government, law enforcement or the courts. This means that we may retain personal information for years after the initial collection of the information.
Security of the Personal Information We Collect
We use reasonable commercial efforts to protect the security of personal information transmitted to us through our website and stored by us. We utilize encryption technology for site registrations, require our employees to protect the privacy of visitors? personal information and restrict access to databases containing visitor personal information.
Please remember that despite our security measures, the transmission of data over the Internet is not guaranteed to be completely secured. Parties not under the control of sportskool, its parents, or Affiliates may intercept or access electronic transmissions or other data without authorization. Thus, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of information you send to or receive from us. Any electronic transmissions that you submit or accept are at your own risk.
Children's Privacy Policy
The sportskool.com website is a general audience site. Although all ages of visitors may visit and navigate around our site, we do not specifically target this site to appeal to children under the age of thirteen and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of thirteen. If upon notification by a parent or guardian, or discovery by other means, that a child under thirteen has improperly registered on our website, we will delete the child?s personal information from our records and cancel the child?s online registration.
If we decide in the future to request information from children, we will require verifiable parental consent before we collect any personal information from children under thirteen years of age, except in limited circumstances allowed by law. We may also collect personal information from parents in order to allow children to participate in certain site features.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we update or change the terms of this Policy, we will post changes in a revised Privacy Policy available on this website.
Thank You for Visiting!
©2020 Grace Creek Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Home   About Sportskool   ContactTerms of Use   Privacy Policy   FAQ