http://www.oldecypress.com/club/scripts/site/privacy.asp
Welcome Back
Member Login
Username
Password
Keep Me Logged In
Log In
The Club at Olde Cypress
Menu
home
About Us
Membership
Golf
Weddings & Special Events
Real Estate
contact us
Log in
Privacy Policy
Blog
Meet Club Management
Photo Gallery
Contact & Directions
Request Information
Privacy PolicyThis privacy policy ("Policy") explains how personal information is collected, used, disclosed and secured by The Club at Olde Cypress ("Company” ) "we" or "us" when you (“you”, “your”, “user”) access the Company web site(s) at www.oldecypress.com
(the "Site"). If you do not agree to the terms of this Policy, please do not use the Site(s).
We reserve the right to change the provisions of this Policy at any time. We will alert you that changes have been made by indicating on the Policy the date it was updated. We encourage you to review this Policy from time to time to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used. Your continued use of the Site(s) following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.
WHAT IS PERSONAL INFORMATION?
As used herein, the term "personal information" means information that specifically identifies an individual (such as a name, address, telephone number, mobile number, e-mail address, date of birth, credit card number, social security number), or information about that individual that is directly linked to personal information. Personal information does not include “aggregate information”, which is data we may collect about the use of the Site(s) or about a group or category of users, from which individual identities or other personal information has been removed. This Policy in no way restricts or limits our collection and use of aggregate information.
HOW DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION, AND WHAT TYPES OF INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
We collect several types of personal information about you in a number of ways when you visit or use the Site:
Active Collection:
We collect certain information when you voluntarily provide it, such as if you send us an email, submit a Request for Membership and/or Banquet information, and receive customer or technical support (including via an online chat widget) or if you otherwise provide or request information. Such information may include various types of personal information. Additionally, we may also collect demographic information such as your age, gender, country and zip code of residence, recent purchases, and preferences. This demographic information may be associated with your personal information. If this demographic information is connected with personal information, we will treat the demographic information as personal information.
Passive Collection:
When you use the Site, some information is also automatically collected. We treat this information as personal information if we combine it with or link it to any of the personal information mentioned above. Otherwise, it is used in the aggregate only.
We work with a company called ReachLocal, which assists us in advertising our products and/or services. One of the products that we have purchased from ReachLocal is a retargeting product, which enables ReachLocal to show you advertisements for our Site when you visit other sites in the ReachLocal network or in third-party networks. ReachLocal is able to do this through the use of cookies that are provided by ReachLocal through its third-party partners (the “Advertising Cookies”). The sole use of these cookies is, as stated above, to simply show you advertisements for our site, they are not being used to track you in any other way. Moreover, ReachLocal does not link the information in the cookies or any other cookie to any personal information that you may have provided.
You may set most browsers to notify you if you receive a cookie, or you may choose to block cookies, though either of those actions may affect the use of our Site. However, if you wish to opt out of any of the Advertising Cookies, you can do this simply by navigating to http://www.reachlocal.com/opt-out, which will take you to a web page where you will be able to opt out of the Advertising Cookies currently used in connection with ReachLocal’s remarketing product.
If you have any questions regarding ReachLocal and/or the Advertising Cookies, you are encouraged to contact ReachLocal at privacy@reachlocal.com.
HOW DO WE USE THE PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT?
We use personal information we collect through the Site for the purposes described in this Policy or elsewhere on the Site. For example, we may use personal and other information we collect to communicate with the user, contact the user about their inquiry, respond to user inquiries/problems, deliver targeted ads, monitor Site usage trends, and for any other purpose for which the information was collected.
If you no longer wish to receive e.g., email, phone calls, direct mail, etc. from us, you may opt out of all future communications by sending your opt out request to mhansen@oldecypress.com.
Your California Privacy Rights:
The following applies solely to California residents who have an established business relationship with Company. If we collect personal information from you, we may make the personal information available to third parties for their marketing and promotional purposes. If you decide that you do not want us to share your personal information with these companies for their marketing and promotional purposes, please send an e-mail to mhansen@oldecypress.com. In this email state that you would like Company to not share your personal information with third parties for their marketing purposes. Your opt out request will be processed within thirty (30) days of the date of which we receive it..
WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE SHARE WITH THIRD PARTIES?
We will not share the personal information we collect from you through the Site(s) with third parties, except as described in this Policy or on the Site(s). For example, we may share personal information as follows: to service providers in connection with the operation of the Site and/or the marketing of our products and/or services, upon user request or with user consent, to enforce the Policy, to enter you in sweepstakes, contests or promotions, to comply with law, to prevent fraud, in connection with the sale of Company assets, etc., in connection with the operation of the Site and/or the marketing of our products and/or services.”
Aggregate Information:
We may take your personal information and make it non-personally identifiable, either by combining it with information about other individuals (aggregating your information with information about other individuals), or by removing characteristics (such as your name) that make the information personally identifiable to you (i.e., de-personalizing your information). This can include usage information and/or information that is not connected to personal information. Given the nature of this information, no restrictions apply under this Privacy Policy on our right to aggregate or de-personalize your personal information, and we may use and share in any way with third parties the resulting non-personally identifiable information.
Disclosures Required By Law and Disclosures to Help Protect the Security and Safety of Our Websites and Others:
We will disclose personal information when we believe in good faith that such disclosures (a) are required by law, including, for example, to comply with a court order or subpoena, or (b) will help to: enforce our policies; enforce contest, sweepstakes, promotions, and/or game rules; protect your safety or security, including the safety and security of property that belongs to you; and/or, protect the safety and security of our Site(s) or third parties.
HOW CAN YOU MODIFY OR DELETE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
You may modify or delete the personal information collected through the Site at any time by contacting Company via email and/or phone, etc.
DOES THIS POLICY APPLY TO OTHER WEBSITES LINKED TO FROM THE SITE(S)?
The Site(s) may contain links to other websites. Any personal information you provide on linked pages or applications is provided directly to that third party and is subject to that third party’s privacy policy. This Policy does not apply to such linked sites, and we are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of these websites or any other sites that are linked to or from the Site(s). We encourage you to learn about their privacy and security practices and policies before providing them with personal information.
DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM CHILDREN UNDER THE AGE OF 13?
The Site(s) is not intended for use by children under the age of 13, and Company does not knowingly collect or use any personal information from such children. If we become aware that we have unknowingly collected personal information from a child under the age of 13, we will make commercially reasonable efforts to delete such information from our database.
WHAT STEPS DO WE TAKE TO PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION?
We take measures designed to protect your personal information in an effort to prevent loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. Please be aware, however, that despite our efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable and no method of data transmission can be guaranteed against any interception or other type of misuse.
MISCELLANEOUS
This Policy and the privacy practices of Company will be subject exclusively to the laws of the State of Florida in the United States. Company makes no representation that this Policy and our practices comply with the laws of any other country or jurisdiction. Users of the Site who reside outside the United States do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable. If you reside outside of the United States, by using the Site, you consent to the transfer, processing and use of your information outside your country.
QUESTIONS?
If you have any questions about this Policy, please contact us at mhansen@oldecypress.com.
Copyright ©2020 by The Club at Olde Cypress. All Rights Reserved.  Private Golf Club sites by MembersFirst  |  Terms of Use  |  Privacy Policy  |  Request My Information