https://www.spalding.com/customer-service/general-help/MVP+FAQs.html
Skip to main content
External Link Warning
×
You are about to leave our site. Do you want to continue?
Go Back
Continue
Customer Service
Spalding MVP
Spalding MVP FAQ
Why should I create a Spalding.com MVP account?
You get the best of Spalding with Spalding MVP. By registering for an account on Spalding.com, you will have access to track orders, review order history, add multiple addresses and payment methods and create easy-to-share wish lists. This information will be saved and make it easier for you to make future purchases. The information that you share with us is completely confidential. Your privacy is important to us. Members also have access to free ground shipping on select items and orders. You will also receive a 15% off coupon code valid only on Spalding.com purchases upon successfully registering for the Spalding MVP program, and earn points on every purchase through MVP Rewards. Exclusions apply*
Is there a cost to join Spalding MVP?
No! Spalding MVP is free to join, and MVP Rewards is activated when you create your MVP account. Click here to Sign Up.
How do I join Spalding MVP Rewards?
If you have an existing Spalding MVP account, we have already enrolled you – nothing more you have to do. If you do not have a Spalding MVP account, please Sign Up to take advantage of MVP Rewards.
Who can participate in Spalding MVP?
Only eligible customers in the United States can become Spalding MVP members at this time. Eligible customers are residents of the U.S. 13 years of age or older. Corporations, associations or other groups may not participate. Membership is limited to individuals only and is limited to one account per individual for Spalding.com purchases.
What perks come with creating a Spalding MVP Account?
Spalding MVP membership comes with exclusive perks to stay on top of your game. MVP account member benefits include:
15% off your first Spalding.com order *Exclusions Apply
MVP Rewards: earn points on every purchase
First access to new Spalding products
Exclusive access to limited-edition 94 Series releases
Access to free ground shipping
Member-only Spalding.com sales and promotions
Email notifications for member only communications
Faster Spalding.com checkout
Access to complete Spalding.com order history
Opportunity to receive free Spalding.com products for testing
How will Spalding communicate with me as an MVP member?
By creating a Spalding MVP account on Spalding.com, you are consenting for Spalding to carry out the Spalding MVP program and communicate with you, as a member, through email and other digital channels about special promotions, offers, and more. Spalding will use these channels to notify MVP members of their point balance, communicate program changes, new products, special offers and more. We don’t want you to miss any perks!
If you no longer want to receive emails from Spalding MVP, please select unsubscribe in any Spalding MVP email. Please note, even if you opt-out of the email list, Spalding may continue to send you transactional emails (non-marketing and promotional emails), such as account status, current point balance and order/shipping information.
How do I earn points?
Once you create a Spalding MVP account, which automatically enrolls you in MVP Rewards, you can earn points on each Spalding.com purchase made while logged into your account. You cannot merge points from multiple accounts. You must create a Spalding MVP account to begin using points.
While logged into your MVP account when you shop on Spalding.com, you earn 5% back in redeemable points on every Spalding.com purchase: 1 point for every $1 spent, 20 points equals $1 off a future purchase. If you checked out as a guest and want us to credit your existing account with points, please Contact Us. However, your account needs to pre-date your purchase in order for points to be credited to your account.
How many MVP Rewards points are earned with each purchase?
While logged into your MVP account when you shop on Spalding.com, you earn 5% back in redeemable points on every Spalding.com purchase: 1 point for every $1 spent, 20 points equals $1 off a future purchase. Points are redeemable in increments of $5, $10, $20, $50, and $100 points off.
What happens to my points if I make a return?
If you return any item purchased on Spalding.com in compliance with the terms and conditions of our Returns Policy, any points earned through your purchase will be automatically deducted from your MVP Rewards balance.
What happens to my points if my order is canceled?
If your order is canceled, any pending points earned through your purchase will be automatically deducted from your MVP Rewards balance.
Are any items excluded from earning MVP Rewards points?
Nope! All items sold on Spalding.com are eligible for MVP Rewards points.
How long after purchase will I be able to use my MVP Rewards Points?
*Within one business day of purchase, you will see “Pending MVP Rewards Points” in your Spalding MVP Account. Your points will be eligible for redemption up to 30 days following your purchase.
How do I redeem my points on a purchase?
Redeeming your points is easy. Simply add Spalding.com items to your cart while logged into your Spalding MVP account. When you’re finished shopping, view your cart. You will see your total redeemable points right there at checkout. Select how many points you’d like to apply to your order (5, 10, 20, 50 or 100), and the discount will be applied to your cart total.
When can I use my MVP Rewards points?
Anytime you’d like on eligible items purchased on Spalding.com
Are any items excluded from applying my MVP 15% OFF Discount Code?
Yes.
The 15% off Spalding.com offer for joining Spalding MVP (valid for 30 days from receipt of the email with the confirmation code) is only redeemable on full-price merchandise shipped within the continental US. Your 15% OFF coupon cannot be combined or used with any other promotion or coupon code, not redeemable for cash, non-transferable, cannot be replaced if lost or stolen, and excludes taxes and shipping and handling charges. Other exclusions may be added at any time.
Are any items excluded from applying MVP Rewards points?
No! All Spalding.com items are eligible for you to apply your points at purchase for a discount. You earned it, now own it!
How do I update my MVP account information and password?
You can update your Spalding MVP account information by logging into your MVP account on Spalding.com. Click the “forgot password” link on the account login page and enter your email address to receive a password to reset email.
Can my MVP account be deleted or disqualified?
Spalding reserves the right to disqualify any person or account from participation in Spalding MVP and MVP Rewards, in Spalding’s sole judgment, if that person/account appears to be violating these terms and conditions, making purchases for a business for resale or on behalf of others, or manipulating the program in any way. If a Spalding MVP account is disqualified, the MVP Rewards account balance will be forfeited.
What are your terms and conditions and privacy policy?
Please click here to find our Privacy Policy, and here for our Terms of Use
General Help
Contact Us
FAQs
Spalding MVP
Product FAQs
Product Registration
Warranty Information
Warranty Claim
Returns
Check Your Order
State Adoptions
Privacy & Security
Privacy Policy
DMCA Statement Page
Terms & Conditions
U-Design Terms of Use
Terms of Use
Info
Manuals Page
Catalog PDFs Download Page
Need Help?
If you have any questions, you may contact us to assist you.
Customer Service
Monday - Friday
8 AM to 4:30 PM CST
1-800-772-5346
For individuals with visual, hearing, or other impairments, please call toll free: 1-877-879-7960
Spalding Equipment Customer Service
Have questions on our professional arena and gymnasium equipment? We got you covered.
Monday - Friday
8 AM to 4:30 PM CST
1-800-435-3865
For individuals with visual, hearing, or other impairments, please call toll free: 1-877-879-7960
×
SYSTEM MANUAL FINDER
Select System Type
System Manual Finder
COMBO
Can be mounted to an existing system, pole or roof
Select
PORTABLE
Can be moved for convenience and storage
Select
IN-GROUND
Remains stationary for maximum stability
Select
Select
Portable System
Enter 2 Digit Number
The model number for portable systems will consist of two (2) sets of numbers that will need to be combined. Below are instructions on where to locate these numbers and how to combine them. If you are unable to locate this number, please contact our Customer Service Department.
Step 1: The first set of numbers will be a two (2) digit number located on the base. This two (2) digit number will be located near the fill hole where you put the water or sand.
Some System
Enter 3 Digit Number
There is a three (3) digit number on the front of the backboard, to the right of the rim. This set of numbers will identify your system. If you are unable to locate this number, please contact our Customer Service Department.
Step 2: The second set of numbers will be a three (3) digit number located on the front of your backboard, to the right of the rim.
Search Results
Previous Step
Next
Start Over
Sign up for Spalding MVP to get 15% off anything on Spalding.com
No Thanks
Sign Up
Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy
Remove Product?
×
Are you sure you want to remove the following product from the cart?
Cancel
Yes
Address Correction
We found a more accurate version of the address you entered. Using this one will prevent shipping delays and ensure your shipment is delivered to the correct address.