https://www.uleb.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy policy
The use of our website will result in the processing of personal data. The processing of this data ensures a better user experience and enables ULEB to act according to your interests and preferences.
As the data controller for this processing, ULEB informs you on which data is processed and for what purposes.
This policy applies to the website of ULEB. ULEB is not responsible for the privacy policy of other sites, applications or sources.
ULEB respects the user’s privacy and treats the personal data with confidentiality.
We strongly encourage you to take some time to read this policy in full. If you do not agree to this policy, we kindly request you not to provide us with your personal data.
When this policy mentions “we,” “us,” or the “ULEB,” it refers to the controller of your data under this policy, namely ULEB, with which you had, have or will have a business relationship or that otherwise decides which of your data are collected and how they are used.
What data do we collect?
While visiting the ULEB website, some personal data can be collected or stored. It concerns: name, email- address, other contact data, information on the use of the website and personal data collected in relation to requests from users.
Use of the personal data
Your personal data enables us to provide you access to the parts of the website that interest you. ULEB will also use the personal data to measure your behavior on our Website.
Your personal data will only be processed if ULEB: has received your consent, or has a legitimate interest, or if the processing is necessary to comply with a legal obligation or for the performance of a contract.
Transfer of personal data
The personal data will be stored on protected servers of ULEB or those of a third party with whom we have a processing agreement.
Retaining the personal data
The data will be stored no longer than necessary for the purposes for which they are processed or legally required.
Your rights
If the processing is based on your consent, you have the right to revoke your consent at any time. This, by sending an email to info@uleb.com.
You have a right of access, rectification and erasure of your personal data. You also have a right to obtain restriction of the processing, a right to object and a right of data portability.
For further information in relation to exercising your rights: info@uleb.com.
Changes to our privacy policy
ULEB reserves the right, at its discretion, to update, change, modify, add or amend this policy by publishing a new version on our Website.
We advise you to regularly check this page, in case of changes. When necessary changes will be communicated by email.
Contact
For any further questions, remarks or requests, please contact info@uleb.com.
icon