http://www.skican.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Skican Ltd. has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and usage practices.
We do not sell or rent your personal identification to third parties. We do provide your personal identification to selected, affiliated companies to allow them to perform services for list members on our behalf. Such companies are prohibited from using the information for any purposes other than those specifically contracted for on behalf of Skican Ltd. to perform their functions. Such communications will always be done under the Skican name. However, you may also see the affiliate's name on the communications as well. Please notify us immediately if you have knowledge that any of our affiliates ever contact you for any reason than to fulfill their commitment to you under the terms of the offer you were provided.
We release account and other personal information only when we believe release is appropriate to comply with law; enforce or apply our Terms of Service and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Skican Ltd., our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Email It is our policy to send our list members only the types of email they elect to receive in addition to administrative communications (address confirmation, program changes, etc.) Further, it is our policy to immediately remove any member from any mailing list upon the member's request. At any time, list members can opt-out of future email's by completing the un-subscribe form on Skican's home page. In addition, every email communication from Skican will contain clear and obvious instructions for how the member can remove himself or herself from that mailing list.
We do use email as a means of receiving feedback from our list members, and we encourage you to email Skican Customer Service with your questions or comments.
Mailing List Membership Removal
If you wish to have your email address removed from our mailing list for any reason, visit the Skican home page, type your email address into the email field of the newsletter section, and select un-subscribe. If you have any problem removing your email address, please request assistance from Skican Customer Service.
Updates to our information practices From time to time, we make changes to our information practices or alter the functionality of our Web site. We always update this statement accordingly, so we encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on privacy practices at Skican Ltd. If you have any questions about our privacy policies or any other matter, please contact us directly. 1.888.475.4226
×
Skican's E-Newsletter
Subscribe to Skican's low volume e-newsletter. Your privacy is important to us. Your information will not be shared with any other third party.
* indicates required
Email Address *: *
First Name:
Last Name:
City
Country
Destination of choice
Sign Up For our French language mailing list
French language preferred