https://www.dittons.org.uk/privacy-policy/
Dittons Skiff & Punting Club (“DSPC” / the “Club”)
Data Privacy Notice
EU wide data protection laws come into force on 25 May 2018.
DSPC has a legal obligation to tell you about the membership and other data that it holds about you.
DSPC is committed to respecting your privacy.
DSPC is committed to ensuring that your information is secure, accurate and relevant.
To prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, DSPC has implemented suitable physical and electronic procedures to safeguard and secure personal data held by the Club.
This Notice explains how DSPC may use personal information it collects before, during and after your membership with the Club.
This Notice applies to you if you have applied to become, or are, a member of the Club.
This Notice explains how DSPC complies with the law on data protection and what your rights are.
Types of Personal Information Collected by DSPC
During your membership, the Club may process personal information about you. The types of personal information that the Club may process include:
identification data – such as name, gender, photographs, CCTV images, date of birth and club member IDs
contact details – such as home address, telephone numbers, email addresses and emergency contact details
payment details provided by you so that the Club can receive or make payments from/to you
data relating to your physical or mental health in order that the Club can provide suitable facilities where possible and / or for safety reasons
Purposes for Processing Personal Information
DSPC’s legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described above will depend upon the nature of the personal information concerned and the specific context in which the Club collects it.
Unless the Club has a legal obligation to collect your personal information it will only do so where it has your consent to so do, where it needs the personal information in order to communicate with you and for normal Club functions, or where the processing is in the Club’s legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.
Legal Purposes
DSPC may use personal information if it is necessary for complying with laws and regulations, including collecting and disclosing personal information as required by law, under judicial authorisation, or to exercise or defend the Club’s legal rights.
Legitimate Interest
DSPC may also collect and use personal information when it is necessary for other legitimate purposes, such as to help the Club conduct its business more effectively and efficiently e.g. CCTV images for general security management for monitoring the safety and security of Club members and its property.
DSPC may also process your personal information to investigate violations of law or breaches of the Club’s own internal policies.
DSPC may also collect and process personal information where it considers it necessary for the Club’s legitimate interest.
Sharing of Personal Information
DSPC takes care to allow access to personal information only to those who require such access to perform their tasks and duties in relation to the provision of services to the Club and to third parties who have a legitimate purpose for accessing it to support these purposes.
DSPC may exceptionally permit a third party to access personal information and in such cases will implement appropriate measures to ensure the information is used in a manner consistent with this Notice and that the security and confidentiality of the information is maintained.
Transfers to Third-Party Service Providers
In addition, DSPC may need to make certain personal information available to third parties who provide services to it. DSPC will only do so on a “need to know” basis with appropriate security measures in place in accordance with applicable data privacy law.
Transfers to Other Third Parties
DSPC may also disclose personal information to third parties on other lawful grounds, including compliance with its legal obligations, where necessary to abide by law, regulation or contract, or to respond to a court order, administrative or judicial process, including, but not limited to, a subpoena, government audit or search warrant in response to lawful requests by public authorities (including for national security or law enforcement purposes) or to defend itself against potential, threatened or actual litigation.
Links to other websites
The DSPC website contain links to other websites such as The Environment Agency and the BBC. If you use any such links you should be aware that you will be leaving the DSPC website. DSPC cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such other websites which will not be subject to this Notice.
Data Retention Periods
Personal information will be stored in accordance with applicable laws and kept for as long as needed to carry out the purposes described in this Notice or as otherwise required by applicable law. Generally, this means your personal information will be retained until the termination of your membership or relationship with DSPC plus a reasonable period of time thereafter to respond to third party inquiries or to deal with any legal matters (e.g. judicial or disciplinary actions) or to document the proper termination of Club membership.
Data Privacy Rights
DPSC will endeavour to ensure that all personal data held in relation to an individual are as up to date and accurate as possible.  Individuals must notify the Club Membership Secretary of any significant changes to important information, such as contact details, held about them. See below under ‘Contact Details’.
An individual has the right to request that any out-of-date, irrelevant or inaccurate data or information about them is erased or corrected.
DSPC will take appropriate technical and organisational steps to ensure the security of personal data about individuals, including policies around use of technology and devices.
Updates to This Notice
This Notice may be updated periodically to reflect any necessary changes in our privacy practices. In such cases an updated version of this Notice will be made available on the Club’s website.
Additional Third-Party Processors
Data may be shared with several third-party processors to meet legal requirements, where DSPC outsources aspects of its processes or when providing specific services relating to maintaining Club services.
Contact Details
Please address any questions or requests relating to this Notice to The Club Membership Secretary either:
by email here , or
by post to the Club at
Albany Cottage
Albany Reach
Queens Road
Thames Ditton
Surrey
KT7 0QH.
DSPC Privacy Notice v1 21st May 2018