https://www.newgallowaygolfclub.com/privacy/
Skip to content
Privacy PolicyYour PrivacyNew Galloway Club (hereafter referred to as the Club) is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.This document (the “Privacy Policy”) explains our policy regarding any information you might supply to us when you visit our website at https://www.newgallowaygolfclub.com/ (the “Website”) or that you provide to the Club via another route. Our goal is to protect your information.The Website contains links to other websites provided for your convenience. We are only responsible for the privacy practices and security of the Website. We recommend that you check the privacy and security policies and procedures of each and every other website that you visit.The ‘Data Controller’ (for the purposes of the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2018 (GDPR) (the “Act”)) of any personal information that you provide to us through the Website will be the Secretary of the Club.Where you provide personal information via another route to the Club, the Data Controller of such information will be the company to whom you provide it.2. What Information Do We Collect?The Website collects and uses personal information for the following reasons:2.1 Site visitation trackingLike most websites, this site uses Google Analytics to track user interaction. We use this data to determine the number of people using our site, to better understand how they find and use our web pages and to see their journey through the Website.Although Google Analytics records data such as your geographical location, device, internet browser and operating system, none of this information personally identifies you to us. Google Analytics also records your computer’s IP address which could be used to personally identify you but Google do not grant us access to this. We consider Google to be a third party data processor.Google Analytics makes use of cookies, details of which can be found on Google’s developer guides.Disabling cookies on your internet browser will stop Google Analytics from tracking any part of your visit to pages within the Website.In addition to Google Analytics, the Website may collect information (already held in the public domain) attributed to the IP address of the computer or device that is being used to access it. 2.2 EmailShould you choose to contact us using our email links, none of the data that you supply will be stored by the Website or passed to / be processed by any of the third party data processors. The information provided will be used for the promotion of golf by the Club. We would suggest that you always consider email as an insecure medium and not include personal, confidential or otherwise sensitive information within an email.2.3 Competitor DetailsIf you choose to play in our competitions, we will keep the information provided to run our competitions and to promote golf. The information provided and photographs may be published in the press and the Website.3. ConsentBy using the Website you indicate your consent to us collecting and using your Information (that you provide to us when interacting with the Club) in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy, unless you expressly state that such consent is not given.If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use the Website, register, enter competitions, or provide your Information to the Club via any other route.4. Security We take the security of your Information seriously. We are committed to keeping information safe on both Club and personal computers.5. Use of your InformationWe do not sell, trade or rent Users personal information to others. We may share information with Scottish Golf and affiliated Golf Clubs. We do not use information outside the European Union.6. Policy for ChildrenWe realise and understand that many children will visit the Website, or interact with the Club via another route, but encourage all persons under 13 to consult with their parents or legal guardian before submitting any content or information to the Club. Parents or legal guardians should, in particular, supervise children when online and recommend that parental control tools be put in place.7. Changes to this Privacy Policy This privacy policy may change from time to time in line with legislation or industry developments. We will not explicitly inform our clients or Website users of these changes. Instead, we recommend that you check this page occasionally for any policy changes. Specific policy changes and updates are mentioned in the change log below.8. Updating and Correcting InformationYou may correct the Information we hold about you by contacting the Data Protection Officer. Please include your name, address, and/or email address when you contact us. We would encourage you to notify changes to your Personal Information promptly.9. Your Rights to Access Your InformationYou have the right to see details of the information that we hold about you.  We may charge a small fee towards the cost of administering any request you make.You may ask us to make any necessary changes to your Personal Information to ensure it is accurate and up-to-date.10. Relevant LegislationAlong with our business and internal computer systems, the Website is designed to comply with the following national and international legislation with regards to data protection and user privacy:UK Data Protection Act 1988 (DPA)EU Data Protection Directive 1995 (DPD)EU General Data Protection Regulation 2018 (GDPR)The site’s compliance with the above legislation, all of which are stringent in nature, means that this site is likely compliant with the data protection and user privacy legislation set out by many other countries and territories as well. If you are unsure about whether this site is compliant with your own country of residences’ specific data protection and user privacy legislation you should contact our data protection officer for clarification.11. Data BreachesWe will report any unlawful data breach of the Club databases or the database(s) of any of our third party data processors to any and all relevant persons and authorities within 72 hours of the breach if it is apparent that personal data stored in an identifiable manner has been stolen.12. How to Contact UsIf you would like any further information or have any comments about our use of your Information, our Privacy Policy or any aspect of the Website or our organisation, please contact our Data Protection Officer by the email form at https://www.newgallowaygolfclub.com/contact-us/
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.
accept