http://www.bikemart.com/articles/your-privacy-pg10.htm
Skip to main content
Menu
x
Cart
Cart
Account
Account
Stores
Stores
LOCATIONS
Find Us
Dallas - White Rock
Frisco
Richardson
McKinney
SERVICES
Service & Repair Center
Bicycle Fit
How To Clinics
Extended Services
RESOURCES
COVID-19
Cycling Tips
Main Buyers Guide
Fall Essentials
FAQs About Buying A Bike Online
COMMUNITY
Events & Promotions
Shop Rides
2020 Team Bike Mart
Clubs & Teams
Paths & Trails
CLOSEOUTS
Bicycle Closeouts
Apparel Closeouts
SHOP
Bikes
Bikes
Road Bikes
Mountain Bikes
Hybrid-Comfort
Hybrid-Fitness
Hybrid-Trail
Cruiser/Townie
Kid's Bikes
Electric Assist
Cyclocross
Urban/City
ElliptiGO
Other
New Bike Essentials
New Bike Essentials
Water Bottle Cage
Water Bottle
Floor Pump
Child Accessories
Bell
Bike Lock
Pedals
Parts
Parts
Bar Ends
BMX
Bottom Brackets
Brakes/Levers/Pads
Cables
Cassettes/Freewheels
Chainrings
Chains
Cranksets
Derailleurs
Forks
Groups
Handlebar Grips/Tape
Handlebars
Headsets
Pedals
Recumbent
Saddles
Seatposts
Shift/Brake Combinations
Shifters
Shocks
Stems
Other
Wheels
Wheels
Parts & Accessories
Wheels
Hubs
Rims
Spokes
Tires/Tubes
Tires/Tubes
Parts & Accessories
Tires
Tubes: All Sizes/Types
Accessories
Accessories
Children's-Bike Accessories
Body Care
Child Seats
Electronics
Eyewear
Fenders
Hydration
Lighting
Locks/Security
Media/Resources
Nutrition
Packs/Racks/Baskets
Pumps/Inflation
Recovery & Therapy
Recumbent
Safety
Storage
Tools/Maintenance
Trailers/Strollers
Travel Cases
Other
Indoor Cycling
Clothing
Clothing
Accessories
BMX
Bottoms
Gloves
Jerseys
Outerwear
Protective/Armor
Running
Shirts/Tops (Casual)
Skinsuits
Socks
Triathlon
Undergarments
Wetsuits
Helmets
Helmets
Parts & Accessories
Adults
Kids
Shoes
Shoes
Casual Shoes
Parts & Accessories
Cycling Shoes
Richardson Bike Mart Gear
Richardson Bike Mart Gear
Car Racks
Car Racks
Parts & Accessories
Hitch-Mount
Pickup/RV/Spare-Tire Mount
Roof-Mount
Trunk-Mount
Gift Cards
Gift Cards
Membership TBM
Membership TBM
Privacy Policy
Google DoubleClickA third-party ad server that serves Richardson Bike Mart ads such as a banner or video ad based on interest-based or contextual-based advertising. Ads served via DoubleClick will appear with the AdChoices icon (shown above). DoubleClick can also monitor ads directly served by publisher sites. A universal tag manager is placed on Richardson Bike Mart’s landing pages to track when a visitor lands on the page. This allows us to attribute when you’ve viewed a Richardson Bike Mart online ad and either clicked on the ad to visit our website or viewed an ad, and then, decided to visit the website directly or completed a search online to find us.
Facebook PixelThe pixel is a line of code used as an analytics tool that allows us to measure the effectiveness of our social posts to ensure we’re delivering them to the right people and to understand the actions visitors exhibit on the website. This pixel allows Richardson Bike Mart to build advertising audiences to customize who we reach further via social posts.
Third-Party PixelsOur partners’ pixels are placed within the Double universal tag manager, so they can better target the right audiences who are interested in Richardson Bike Mart products.
How Does Interest-Based Advertising Work?
When you visit our partner sites, we can show you ads or other content we believe you would like to see. For example, you may receive advertisements for Richardson Bike Mart if we notice that you are visiting sites that sell bike equipment. And from that information we may conclude that you are looking for bike equipment and therefore could be interested in a Richardson Bike Mart product. In this way, we intend to send you relevant information about our products that might be of benefit to you and your organizations.
We learn from groups of consumers sharing similar interests.We may place you into a particular group of consumers who show the same interests. For example, we may put you in the group of “cycling enthusiasts” if we see you frequently visiting websites that sell bike equipment. We notice these things about you as you look at web pages, links you click on our websites and other websites you visit, mobile applications you use, or our brand emails you view and links you click in the emails. We group together cookie and device IDs to help us learn about general trends, habits, or characteristics from a group of consumers who all act similarly online and/or offline. By doing this, we can find and serve many others who “look like” those already in the group and thereby send them what we believe will be relevant and beneficial product offers and information.
We link other information to your cookie and device IDsYour cookie and device IDs may be supplemented with other information, such as information about the products you buy offline or information that you provide directly to us when creating an account on our sites. We generally do this in ways that will not directly personally identify you. For example, we could know that cookie ID ABC12345 belongs to the cycling enthusiast group based on person’s web site visits, age, gender, and shopping habits, but we would not know that person’s name or address or other information that would identify him or her as a person. Should we ever want to personally identify your cookie or device information (web and app viewing history), we will always ask you before doing so.
We may know you across all of your computers, tablets, phones and devicesWe may know that cookie ID ABC12345 is from a computer that that may be connected to the same person or household owning the mobile phone with device ID EFG15647. This means that you may search for a bike frame on your laptop, click on a Google search result link which we have sponsored, and then later see an ad for Richardson Bike Mart on your mobile phone. We might assume or deduce that the same person owns the computer and phone because, for example, they sign on to the same WiFi network every day at the same time. Understanding what devices seem to be used by a person or household helps us limit the number of times you see the same ad across all of your devices. And this is important because that way you don’t get annoyed at us for spamming you with the same ad and we don’t pay for such repetitive ads that we don’t want you to receive.
How you can stop receiving interest-based ads. Visit the WebChoices Tool to evaluate your browser’s IBA status and select opt-outs: http://www.aboutads.info/choices/Visit the AppChoices page for directions on how to download the AppChoices app and control IBA on your mobile phone: https://www.youradchoices.com/appchoices  You can also prevent getting interest-based ads on websites by declining cookies in your browser(s), declining the “access to data” requests that apps usually present when you install them, or by adjusting the ad tracking settings on your device.
You will still see “contextual” ads even if you opt out of interest-based ads.Even if we stop sending you interest-based ads, you will still get ads from our brands on your computer or mobile devices. These ads, however, are based on the context of the sites you visit and are called contextual ads. Unlike interest-based ads which are based on pages you visit on your mobile phone or computer viewing activities, contextual ads are ads shown to you based on the context of the specific site you are visiting. For example, you still may see an ad for Richardson Bike Mart online because content on a landing page discusses the Tour De France . You should also know that we may still collect information from your computer or devices and use it for other purposes like evaluating how our websites work, for consumer research, or detecting fraud.
Deleting cookies also deletes your opt-out.When you opt out of interest-based advertising, AdChoices sends an opt-out cookie to your browser that tells us that you no longer want to receive interest-based ads. Your opt-out cookie will be deleted if you decide to delete all cookies. This means that you will need to opt-out again if you still do not want to receive interest-based ads.