http://www.kungfuonline.com/legal-privacy.php
Online
Home
Contents
About
Resources
Students
In Person
Birmingham, AL
Atlanta, GA
Other Locations
WING CHUN CONCEPTS
Contents
About
Resources
Students
Privacy Policy
Current Revision: September 27, 2017
Wing Chun Concepts collects the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, and information volunteered by the consumer (such as survey information and/or site registrations). The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web pages and the quality of our service, and is not shared with or sold to other organizations for commercial purposes, except to provide products or services you've requested, when we have your permission, or under the following circumstances:
It is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of Terms of Service, or as otherwise required by law. We may transfer your account information if the company is acquired by or merged with another company. In this event you will be notified by email before any information about you is transferred to another company and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
INFORMATION GATHERING AND USAGE: When you register we ask for information such as your name, email address, billing address, and credit card information. We use collected information for the following general purposes: products and services provision, billing, identification and authentication, services improvement, contact, and research.
COOKIES: A cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier, that is sent to your browser from a web site's computers and stored on your computer's hard drive. Cookies are required to use the service. We use cookies to record current session information, and provide site navigation functionality such as remembering the last page you visited.
DATA STORAGE: We use third party vendors and hosting partners to provide the necessary hardware, software, networking, storage, and related technology required to run the service. Although we own the code, databases, and all rights to the application, you retain all rights to your student data.
DISCLOSURE: We may disclose personally identifiable information under special circumstances, such as to comply with subpoenas or when your actions violate the Terms of Service.
CHANGES: We may periodically update this policy. We will notify registered members about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your primary account holder account or by placing a prominent notice on our site.
QUESTIONS: Any questions about this Privacy Policy should be addressed to support at wingchunconcepts.com or by via our Contact Form.
Use of this site implies acceptance of our Disclaimer and Terms of Service.
© 1999 - 2020 WING CHUN CONCEPTS @ KUNG FU ONLINE by Steve Creel. All Rights Reserved. Powered by Aikina.com.
Facebook
Instagram
Tumblr
Youtube