https://www.wncoutdoors.info/about-us/privacy-policy/
Skip to Main Content
Privacy Policy
This policy applies to all sites in the WNCOutdoors.info network – Hike WNC, MTB WNC, and WNC Waterfalls. If you have any further questions about this policy, please feel free to contact us at any time.
The Short Version
The stuff below looks pretty complicated, but here it is in a nutshell: at WNCOutdoors.info, we don’t see or store any personally identifiable information about you ourselves. But our advertisers on ad networks might.
The Long Version
The Stuff We Do Keep: Regular Log Files
Like many other Web sites, we make use of log files and analytics software. The information inside the log files is not personally identifiable. It includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, the type of browser you use, the Internet Service Provider (ISP) you’re coming from, a date/time stamp, which web site you came from and what’s the last page you view, and the things you clicked on while you were here.
We use this to analyze trends, administer the site and make sure it keeps running smoothly, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses and other such information are not things that would let us figure out who you are (“personally identifiable”).
We use a small cookie to track which ratings you’ve submitted for hikes, rides, and trails, so that you don’t accidentally rate the same thing multiple times.
The Stuff We Don’t Keep: Cookies and Web Beacons
Much like most other web sites out there, we serve ads from 3rd parties (like Google), and as you surf around, personal information is collected and sent along to the advertisers in order to show you ads. That information never gets to our servers, and we don’t see it, store it, or do anything with it ourselves. The rest of this privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information that is passed on to advertisers by sites in our network, and how it is used.
Our advertisers do use cookies to store information about visitors preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the user accesses or visit, customize Web page content based on visitors browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser. These cookies are stored on your computer.
DoubleClick DART Cookie
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on sites in our network.
Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to www.hikewnc.info, www.mtbikewnc.com, www.wncwaterfalls.info, and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy page.
Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners include Google Adsense. These third-party ad networks send the advertisements and links that appear on our sites directly to your browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see.
WNCOutdoors.info has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers. We don’t see them, store them, or know the information they contain.
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. This privacy policy does not apply to, and we do not control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers’ respective websites.
Share:EmailFacebookTwitterMoreRedditPinterest
Welcome to WNCOutdoors.info! This is the parent site for the WNCOutdoors.info network, including news and updates on our blog. Be sure to visit our network sites, listed below!
Our Network Sites WNC Hiking
WNC Mountain Biking
WNC Waterfalls
We’re Also On Facebook!
We’re Also On Facebook!
Blog Categories
Events
Indoors
Miscellaneous
Outdoors
Photo Gallery
Trip Reports
WNC Hiking
WNC Mountain Biking
WNC Waterfalls
Send to Email Address