https://www.rampinteractive.com/privacypolicy/
RAMP Interactive - PRIVACY POLICY
RAMP Interactive is committed to respecting the privacy and security of your personal information. This page summarizes the privacy policy and practices for RAMP Interactive website and discussion forum.
Collecting Information
Like many other websites, RAMP Interactive gathers information about how visitors use our website. In general you can visit many of our web pages without registering or providing us with any personal information.
Some of the information collected does not identify who you are. Other information, such as your domain name or IP address, may identify you depending on the naming standards followed by your Internet service provider; you may wish to ask them about their policies and practices.
While we make no attempt to link the information captured to the identity of individuals, the information captured does identify the following:
The internet domain and IP address from which you access our website.
The country in which the IP address is associated with.
The duration of your visit on the website
The specific pages that were viewed (by number of requests only)
If you linked to RAMP Interactive web site from another web site, the address of that web site. This information is used to help us make our site more useful to our audiences by learning about the number of visitors to our site, and by monitoring traffic patterns and the types of technology our visitors use. We do not track or record information about specific individuals and their visits. Visitor information is not disclosed to anyone except RAMP Interactive personnel who need the information for legitimate business purposes such as responding to a request.
In order to better understand your preferences and to better serve you, we may combine information you give us online with other information from other RAMP Interactive sources (i.e. newsletter, event registration, etc.).
Using Information
We may use the information we collect to:
Customize and/or personalize your communications.
Communicate with you about your purchases, account information, resources, and events.
Improve our website, discussion forum, resources and/or events.
Administer contests, promotions, surveys, or other website features.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files that web pages place in your computer to assist you when you return to the page. This web site generally does not use cookies but cookies are used for RAMP Interactive Discussion Forum. The forum system uses cookies to store information on your local computer. These cookies do not contain any of the information you have entered; they serve only to improve your viewing pleasure.
The length of time that the cookie will reside on your machine will depend upon the specific set-up of the particular sites you visit. If you are concerned about the use of cookies, you can refer to the help information in your browser software for information on how to disable cookies. If you wish to delete cookies from your machine, consult your browser’s help files for instructions on how to do so.
Security
Security on RAMP Interactive is very important and as such we employ many security features to keep and maintain all information (including online payment, financial information and personal details) private.
Privacy and Links to Other Sites
RAMP Interactive website contains links to various sites and resources. We are not responsible for the content and privacy practices of other websites and encourage you to examine each site’s privacy policy and disclaimer to make your own decisions regarding the accuracy, reliability, and correctness of material and information found.
Information Collected in Emails and Web Forums
If you should choose to provide us with personal information—-as in an e-mail or by filling out a form and submitting it to us through our website—-we will use that information to respond to your message and to help us get the information you have requested. Messages sent via the Internet can be intercepted. If you are concerned about sending your personal information to us via the Internet, you can use another method such as fax or regular mail.
Sharing Information
RAMP Interactive does not rent or sell your information to any outside parties. All person information that you provide voluntarily will remain confidential and used exclusively by RAMP Interactive.
Transactions Where Information Enters a System of Records
Where personal information is provided that enters a system of records, it is collected in compliance with section 33 (c) of the Alberta Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy (FOIP) Act. RAMP Interactive collects, creates and maintains information for the purposes of registration and other activities directly related to its programs and may be disclosed to academic and administrative units according to
policy and in accordance with federal and provincial reporting requirements. Information collected is only kept for the length of time necessary to fulfill the purpose for which it was collected.
Women's Fragrances
Policy Changes
We may change our privacy policy from time to time. We encourage you to refer to this policy on an ongoing basis so that you are familiar with any changes that may occur. This policy was last modified October 11, 2006.
Terms of Use
Please visit our Terms of Use section that explains other terms governing the use of our website.