http://www.sports-reference.com/termsofuse.html
Sports Reference
Baseball
Football (college)
Basketball (college)
Hockey
Calcio
Blog
Stathead
Widgets
Questions or Comments?
Welcome  · Your Account
Logout
Login
Create Account
MENU
Baseball
Basketball
NFL
Hockey
CFB
CBB
Soccer
Stathead
Blog
Full Site Menu Below
You are here: SR Home Page
> Sports Reference Terms of Use
Welcome  · Your Account
Logout
Login
Create Account
SR Home
Sports Reference Terms of Use
SPORTS REFERENCE LLC — Web Site Terms of Use
Thank you for visiting this website owned and operated by Sports Reference LLC, its subsidiaries and/or affiliates (collectively, “SRL”). This website and all other websites owned or operated by SRL (with the exception of www.stathead.com, which is subject to separate terms of use available on that site) are collectively referred to as the “Site.”
The following terms and conditions ("Terms and Conditions") govern your use of this Site. By accessing, viewing, or using the content, material, or services available on or through this Site, you indicate that you have read and understand these Terms and Conditions, and that you agree to them and intend to be legally bound by them. In other words, you are entering into a legally binding agreement governed by these Terms and Conditions, and all other related agreements and policies, including without limitation the Privacy Policy, referenced herein (collectively, the “Agreement”). If you do not agree to this Agreement, including the Terms and Conditions, you are not granted permission to use this Site and should leave the Site.
1. Scope and Acceptance
Anyone who accesses our uses this Site is an “End User.” This Agreement sets forth your rights and obligations as an End User with respect to your access and use of the Site and of any and all information or data of any kind arising from access or use of the Site, including, but not limited to, all statistics, facts, text, graphics, images, forms, artwork, sound recordings, audio, video, and software available through the Site.
If you are accessing or using any part of this Site on behalf of any business, organization, or other entity of any kind, you represent and warrant that you are authorized (a) to accept this Agreement on that entity’s behalf and (b) to bind such entity to the Agreement.
2. Proprietary Rights
SRL owns or licenses the data, statistics, text, graphics, images, forms, artwork, sound recordings, audio, video, software, and other material for this Site (the "Content"), as well as the selection, coordination, arrangement, and organization and enhancement of the Content (also, the "Content") for this Site.
Except as indicated, this Site and its Content are owned or licensed by SRL, and are protected by copyrights, trademarks, and/or other intellectual property owned or controlled by SRL and/or third-party licensors. Except as otherwise provided for in this Agreement, including without limitation paragraphs 5 and 6, all rights are reserved.
3. Operation
The specific features, functionalities, services, and Content of the Site are dynamic and may change from time to time. SRL reserves complete discretion with respect to the operation of the Site, including what specific features, functionalities, services, and Content appear on the Site at any time. SRL also reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to withdraw, suspend, or discontinue any features, functionalities, services, or Content of the Site at any time, with or without notice. SRL makes no commitment to update any of the features, functionalities, services, or Content appearing on the Site at any time.
4. Inaccuracies
SRL makes great efforts to provide accurate information on the Site. However, SRL disclaims—and you release SRL from any liability regarding—errors, inaccuracies, and omissions of the Site. SRL reserves the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies, or omissions and to change or update information at any time without prior notice. SRL makes no guarantees whatsoever as to the completeness, timeliness, correctness, or accuracy of the materials or Content available through the Site. Before acting on any information appearing on the Site, you should verify its accuracy. If you believe any portion of the Site includes an error or inaccuracy, please feel free to notify us via email addressed to bugs_3@sports-reference.com or through our online feedback form at https://www.sports-reference.com/feedback.
5. Permitted Use
SRL believes in data democratization—open access to data and the tools that use it. Yes, we charge for some tools, but we strive to keep prices affordable for most users and to provide access to others, including underrepresented communities. Moreover, we encourage the sharing and reuse of data and statistics our users find on our Site as a general matter, but our business obviously would be harmed if a bad apple were to abuse that privilege to create a competing statistical database or to copy a materially significant portion of our data.
So, to strike an appropriate balance between these goals, and to protect our business, our technology infrastructure, and our ability to continue to provide interesting and robust sports statistics to our users, this section of our Agreement sets forth certain restrictions on permitted uses of this Site and its Content. Our guiding principles are that (1) sharing, using, modifying, repackaging, or publishing data found on individual SRL webpages is welcomed, whether for commercial or non-commercial purposes, but (2) any such sharing, use, modification, repackaging, or publication should explicitly credit SRL as the source of the data to the maximum extent possible and (3) any such sharing, use, modification, repackaging, or publication must not violate any express restrictions set forth in this Section 5, especially the restrictions set forth in subparts 5(i) and 5(j) below.
Subject to the terms of this Agreement, you are granted a limited, personal, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, non-assignable, non-transferable, and revocable license to access and use the Site and Content. However, except as expressly permitted by this Agreement, in connection with the use of the Site, you may not:
alter or modify the Site; or
sell, rent, lease, transfer, provide, or otherwise assign to any third party any rights to the Site; or
remove or modify any proprietary notice or labels on the Site, or use any of our trademarks as meta-tags on any other website; or
use the Site for any non-authorized purpose or any illegal purpose; or
copy, modify, erase, or damage any information contained on computer servers used or controlled by SRL or any third party; or
use the Site to violate any legal right of any third party, including any publicity or privacy right, copyright, or other intellectual property right, or to take any action that is harassing, libelous, defamatory, abusive, tortious, threatening, harmful, or otherwise objectionable; or
access or use any password-protected, secure, or non-public areas of the Site, or access data on the Site not intended for you, except as specifically authorized by SRL; or
impersonate or misrepresent your affiliation with any person or entity; or
without our express written permission, use any automated means to access or use the Site, including scripts, bots, scrapers, data miners, or similar software, in a manner that adversely impacts site performance or access; or
use any material or Content from the Site, including without limitation any statistics or data, (i) to create any database, archive, or other data store that competes with or constitutes a material substitute for the services or data stores offered on the Site or (ii) to provide any service that competes with or constitutes a material substitute for the services or data stores offered on the Site; or
attempt to or actually disrupt, impair, or interfere with the Site, or any information, data, or materials posted and/or displayed by SRL; or
attempt to probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of the Site or breach any implemented security or authentication measures, regardless of your motives or intent; or
attempt to interfere with or disrupt access to or use of the Site by any user, processor, host, or network, including, without limitation, by submitting a virus, worm, Trojan horse, or other malicious code; or
post any content to the Site that: (i) includes any profane, obscene, defamatory, discriminatory, threatening, menacing, harassing, or violent content; (ii) depicts or suggests nudity or sexual acts; (iii) promotes hatred, including against members of a protected group under federal, state, or local law (such as, for example, a group defined by race, gender, or national origin); (iv) is objectively shocking or disgusting; (v) depicts or suggests presently occurring illegal activity, including, e.g., illicit drug use or underage drinking; (vi) includes unlicensed proprietary content of a third party, including, e.g., third-party content protected by copyright or trademark for which you do not have a license; (vii) breaches any duty of confidentiality you may have to a third party (e.g., discloses private information about a third party without consent); or (viii) is contrary to the Agreement, including SRL’s rules and policies.
6. Teachers and Search Engines
Notwithstanding any other terms of this Agreement, SRL grants the right to teachers to print pages from the Site for distribution to students, provided that proper attribution is given to the URL on the Site where the material originated.
Notwithstanding any other terms of this Agreement, SRL also grant the operators of search engines permission to use robots to copy materials and Content from the site for the sole purpose of creating publicly available searchable indexes of the materials, but not caches, copies, or archives of the materials or Content for any other non-indexing purpose. Search engines are expected to follow the guidelines set forth in the robots.txt file that we provide. For avoidance of doubt, search engines are not permitted to cache, copy, or archive any material or Content from the Site (including without limitation any statistical data) for purposes of offering a competing or substitute product or service to web users. SRL reserves the right to revoke the exceptions granted in this paragraph, either generally or in specific cases, as well as the right to deny service to any user found violating the provisions of this paragraph.
7. Trademarks
All trademarks, service marks, and logos appearing on the Site (the "Marks") are proprietary to SRL or its licensors, except as otherwise indicated herein. By way of illustration, MAJOR LEAGUE BASEBALL®, MLB®, MLB.COM® and associated names, logos, brands, and indicia are registered trademarks of Major League Baseball Properties, LLC. In the United States, baseball team names, logos, brands, and indicia are the property of their respective club owners and designees. The same is also true of the NFL®, NHL®, NBA®, NCAA®, and IOC®. All other Marks not owned by SRL are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by SRL. Use or misuse of the Marks without advance written consent from SRL or the respective Mark's owner is expressly prohibited. You shall not use any mark in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers as to source or sponsorship of your goods and services, or in any manner that disparages, tarnishes, dilutes, or discredits SRL. Further, to the extent that third-party Marks used on this Site are the property of their respective owners, any mention on the Site should not be construed as a challenge to said Mark's status or ownership. Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
8. Other Sites; Sponsorships
This Site contains several links to other websites for the convenience of End Users in locating information, products, or services that may be of interest. Unless otherwise stated by SRL, these third-party sites are operated or maintained by organizations over which SRL exercises no control, and SRL expressly disclaims any and all responsibility for the content, information, links, and other items; the accuracy and completeness of the information; and the quality of products or services made available or advertised on these third-party sites and on any other sites operated or maintained by third parties. You acknowledge that SRL is providing any references to such third-party properties solely as a convenience to you and you agree that SRL is not responsible for any injury, harm, damages, or negative experience you may encounter by accessing, visiting, or using such third-party properties. If you access, visit, or use any third-party properties referred to on our Site, you do so at your own risk.
SRL does not control, endorse, promote, or have any affiliation with any other website unless expressly stated herein, nor does SRL imply that such websites are endorsed by Major League Baseball Properties, LLC, NFL Players Inc., NBA Players Association, NHL Players Association or the players referenced by such sponsorships, if any.
9. Availability of the Website
It is not possible to operate our Site with 100% guaranteed uptime. SRL will make reasonable efforts to keep our Site operational. However, certain technical difficulties, routine site maintenance and upgrades, and other events may, from time to time, result in interruptions to or outages of our Site.
You agree that SRL shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any direct or indirect consequence of any modification, suspension, discontinuance of, or interruption to our Site.
10. Privacy Statement
SRL has a Privacy Statement disclosing what information we collect about visitors, how we use such information, and the steps we take to secure such information. Click here to view the Privacy Statement, which is incorporated into these Terms and Conditions and this Agreement by reference, as if set forth fully herein.
Please be advised that the confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted to SRL via the Site or email cannot be guaranteed, including, for example, personal information such as your address or name. Alternatively, you may contact SRL by telephone at 888-512-8907, or write us at:
Sports Reference LLC
6757 Greene St, Suite 315
Philadelphia, PA
19119
888-512-8907
11. Appropriate Comments and Submissions; No Spamming
SRL asks you to not use vulgarity, profanity or insults in your comments. You are free to disagree (even vehemently) with what we have to say, but we ask that you do so in a respectful manner. Comments will not be deleted for disagreeing with us. They may be removed for the above reasons or if the comment is hurtful, spiteful, libelous, slanderous or fails to contribute to the ongoing conversation on the Site. With respect to email address submitted to the Site, including through sponsorships or advertisements, you agree not to harvest or compile these email addresses for purposes of spamming or engaging in other illicit commercial behavior.
12. Disclaimer of Warranty and Liability
THIS SITE AND THE CONTENT ON AND MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THIS SITE, AND THE SERVICES AND PRODUCTS OFFERED IN CONNECTION THEREWITH ARE MADE AVAILABLE ON AN "AS IS" AND AN “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS ONLY. USE OF THIS SITE IS ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN RISK. SRL MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, AND HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, WITH RESPECT TO THIS SITE AND THE CONTENT ON AND MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THIS SITE, AND THE SERVICES AND PRODUCTS OFFERED IN CONNECTION THEREWITH, EXPRESS AND IMPLIED, WRITTEN AND ORAL, ARISING FROM COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, USAGE OF TRADE, AND OTHERWISE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ACCURACY, TITLE, QUALITY, SYSTEMS INTEGRATION, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD-PARTY RIGHTS.
ANY AND ALL INFORMATION PROVIDED BY SRL OR UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS SITE IS PROVIDED WITH ALL FAULTS, AND THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO SATISFACTORY QUALITY, PERFORMANCE, ACCURACY, AND EFFORT IS WITH YOU. SRL MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY THAT ANY MATERIAL OR CONTENT DISPLAYED ON OR OFFERED THROUGH THE WEBSITE IS ACCURATE, COMPLETE, APPROPRIATE, RELIABLE, OR TIMELY. SRL ALSO MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES THAT THE WEBSITE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, OR THAT YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE WEBSITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, FREE OF VIRUSES, MALICIOUS CODE, OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS, OR OTHERWISE WILL BE SECURE. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES. ACCORDINGLY, SOME OF THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law and notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, SRL shall not be liable for any direct, special, indirect, incidental, consequential, exemplary, extra-contractual, or punitive damages of any kind whatever, including, without limitation, lost revenues or lost profits, which may or do result from the use of, access to, or inability to use this Site, the Content, or the products or services connected therewith, regardless of legal theory, whether or not any party had been advised of the possibility or probability of such damages, and even if the remedies otherwise available fail of their essential purpose. Under no circumstances will the total liability of SRL to you in connection with, based upon, or arising from this Site or your use of this Site exceed $100. Some jurisdictions do not permit the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, and, as such, some portion of the above limitation may not apply to you. In such jurisdictions, SRL's liability is limited to the greatest extent permitted by law.
13. Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless SRL, its contractors, and all of their respective directors, officers, employees, representatives, proprietors, partners, shareholders, servants, principals, agents, predecessors, successors, assigns, and attorneys from and against any and all suits, actions, claims, demands, proceedings, damages, settlements, judgments, injuries, liabilities, losses, risks, costs, and expenses (including without limitation attorneys' fees and litigation expenses) relating to or arising from this Site, your use of this Site, your fraud, violation of law, or willful misconduct, and any breach by you of this Agreement including these Terms and Conditions.
14. Some Services Unavailable Worldwide
This Site may refer to some services or programs that are not available worldwide, without specifically identifying that the offers are geographically limited. Our reference to such services or programs does not imply that SRL intends to offer such services or programs in all countries or locations. The figures and prices displayed on the Site are quoted in U.S. dollars.
15. Use of the Internet
Use of the Internet is solely at your own risk and is subject to all applicable local, state, national, and international laws and regulations. Neither SRL nor its contractors will be liable for any loss resulting from a cause over which they do not have direct control, including without limitation failure of electronic or mechanical equipment or communication lines, telephone or other interconnect problems, computer viruses, unauthorized access, theft, operator errors, severe weather, earthquakes, natural disasters, strikes or other labor problems, wars, or governmental restrictions.
16. Intellectual Property Infringement Complaints
If you believe that SRL or any user of this Site has infringed your copyright, you may notify our copyright agent by emailing bugs_3@sports-reference.com and providing the following information:
a physical or electronic signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner;
identification of the copyrighted work or works claimed to have been infringed;
a detailed description of the material you claim is infringing, together with information sufficient to enable us to locate it, including the URL or other description of where the infringing material appears;
your name, mailing address, telephone number, and e-mail address;
a statement by you that you believe in good faith that the copyrighted material identified is being used in a manner that is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
a statement by you that the above information is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright allegedly infringed.
17. Changes to and Termination of the Agreement
This Agreement may be changed by SRL at any time, with or without notice, in SRL’s sole discretion. Your continued access, viewing, or use of this Site after any change is made to the Agreement signifies your understanding, intent, and agreement to be bound by such change. It is your responsibility to monitor the Agreement for changes. SRL reserves, in its sole discretion, the right to terminate your access to this Site in the event that you violate any Terms or Conditions of the Agreement or for any reason whatever or no reason, with or without notice.
18. Operation of the Website from the United States
By accessing and using the Site, you acknowledge and agree that SRL controls and operates all parts of the Site from its offices in the United States and that the Site, and the material and Content contained on the Site, is intended for use by End Users located in the United States. Other countries may have laws and regulatory requirements that differ from those in the United State. Unless expressly stated to the contrary, SRL makes no representation that the Site, or the information contained on the Site, is appropriate or will be available for use in other locations. Unless otherwise explicitly stated, all material and Content found on or accessible through the site is solely directed to individuals, companies, or other entities located in the United States. SRL reserves the right to limit, in its sole discretion, the provision and quantity of any feature, functionality, product, or service to any person or geographic area. Any offer for any feature, functionality, product, or service made on or through the Site is void where prohibited.
If you access or use the Site from outside the United States, you are entirely responsible for compliance with applicable local laws and other applicable laws. You may not use any portion of the Site in violation of applicable export laws and regulations. If you access the Site from outside the United States, you acknowledge and agree that your information may be transferred to and maintained on computers and servers located outside of your state, province, country, or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. Your consent to the Agreement followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to the transfer of such information to the United States and the collection, use, and disclosure of your information in accordance with United States law.
19. Unsolicited Materials and End User’s Grant of Limited Licensed
In operating our Site, SRL does not solicit nor does it wish to receive any confidential, secret, or proprietary information or other material from you through the Site, our mail and email addresses, or in any other way. Any information or material submitted or sent to SRL (including without limitation comments, questions, feedback, data, suggestions, ideas, and the like) will be deemed not confidential or secret. By submitting or sending information or other material to SRL, you represent and warrant that the information is original to you and that no other party has any rights to the material.
By communicating with SRL, including submitting or sending content to us, you grant SRL the royalty-free, unrestricted, world-wide, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, and fully sublicensable right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform and display such content (in whole or part), including any information, suggestions, ideas, drawings or concepts contained in such content, worldwide and/or to incorporate it in other works in any form, media, or technology now known or later developed. Such license includes incorporating the content, in whole or in part, into an SRL feature. You will remain responsible for the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality, decency, or any other aspect of such submitted material, including any content or part thereof, or other communication to SRL. You also warrant that any "moral rights" in such content is waived.
20. Dispute Resolution
SRL intends to resolve all disputes that may arise between it and its End Users in a cost-effective and non-disruptive manner, preferably without the time and expense of litigation.
Toward this end, you agree to the following dispute resolution procedure.
If you are unable to resolve any dispute in the ordinary course of business, you shall send a written notice to SRL in which you outline the issues in dispute, enclose any relevant documents, and state the requested relief. SRL shall respond within 10 business days with identical information from its perspective. You and a representative of SRL shall meet or communicate electronically within 10 business days of the delivery of the response, and as often as you and SRL mutually deem necessary or desirable thereafter, in an attempt to resolve the matter. If, within 60 days of the first communication, you and SRL fail to resolve the matter, you and SRL shall seek to mediate the dispute with a neutral third party. Neither party shall seek further legal action unless such mediation fails to achieve a resolution acceptable to both parties. You agree that you will not bring or be a party to any class-action lawsuit against SRL.
21. Entire Agreement; Governing Law and Jurisdiction
This Agreement, including the Terms and Conditions, represents the entire agreement between you and SRL with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any and all prior and contemporaneous written and oral representations, understandings, and agreements between us.
This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania without reference to its conflict of law rules. You agree and consent to the jurisdiction of the federal and state courts presiding in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, and agree to accept service of process by mail and hereby waive any and all jurisdictional and venue defenses otherwise available.
22. Miscellaneous
If any part of the Agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable pursuant to applicable law including, but not limited to, the warranty disclaimers and liability limitations set forth above, then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision and the remainder of the Agreement shall continue in effect.
No failure or delay in enforcing any provision, exercising any option, or requiring performance, shall be construed to be a waiver of that or any other right in connection with the Agreement.
No action arising out of this Agreement or your access to or use of our Site, regardless of form or the basis of the claim, may be brought by you more than one year after the cause of action has arisen (or if multiple causes, from the date the first such cause arose) and you hereby waive any longer statute of limitations that may be permitted by law.
If SRL does take any legal action against you as a result of your violation of the Agreement, SRL will be entitled to recover from you, and you agree to pay, all reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs of such action, in addition to any other relief granted to SRL. You agree that SRL will not be liable to you or to any third party for termination of your access to, or use of, any of our Site as a result of any violation of the Agreement or for any reason at all.
You may not assign, by operation of law or otherwise, any rights or delegate any duties under the Agreement to any third party without prior written consent by SRL. Any purported assignment lacking such consent will be void at its inception. SRL may assign all or part of its rights and/or delegate all or part of its duties under the Agreement to any party, at any time, and in its sole discretion, upon notice of assignment by posting such notice on our Site.
Effective Date
Effective Date: October 1, 2004
Updated: January 10, 2008
Updated: November 1, 2011
Updated: January 27, 2015
Last Updated: November 25, 2020
Welcome  · Your Account
Logout
Login
Create Account
You are here: SR Home Page
> Sports Reference Terms of Use
Full Site Menu
Return to Top
Sports Reference Blog
Your Feedback or Questions
Advertise with Sports Reference
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
How to Contact Sports Reference
About Sports Reference
Jobs at Sports Reference
How to Share Sports Reference Data
Acceptable Use of Sports Reference Data
Automatically Link Your Blogs to SR Player Pages
Directions to Sports Reference
We're Social...for Statheads
Every Sports Reference Social Media Account
Site Last Updated: Tuesday, December
1,
4:16PM
Question, Comment, Feedback, or Correction?
Are you a Stathead, too? Subscribe to our Free Newsletter
This Month in Sports ReferenceFind out when we add a feature or make a change
Do you have a sports website? Or write about sports? We have tools and resources that can help you use sports data.
Find out more.
FAQs, Tip & Tricks
Tips and Tricks from our Blog.
Do you have a blog? Join our linker program.
Watch our How-To Videos to Become a Stathead
Subscribe to Stathead and get access to more data than you can imagine
All logos are the trademark & property of their owners and not Sports Reference LLC.
We present them here for purely educational purposes.
Our reasoning for presenting offensive logos.
Logos were compiled by the amazing SportsLogos.net.
Copyright © 2000-2020 Sports Reference LLC. All rights reserved.
Sports Reference
Baseball
Football (college)
Basketball (college)
Hockey
Football
Blog
Stathead
Widgets
About • Privacy Statement • Conditions & Terms of Service • Advertise With Us • Use of Data