http://www.torhs.com/privacy-policy
Home
News
Events Events Nationals
Winter Cup
Schedule & Results
Schedule & Scores
Standings
Playoffs
Results
Results 2019
Results 2018
Results 2017
Results 2016
Results 2015
Results 2014
Register
Team Registration
Player Waiver
Event Info
About Us
Tournament Pricing
Forms
Rules
Roster Rules
Overview
RHA
Pro Division
Photos
Videos
Sponsors
Contact
Players
Player Finder
Hall Of Fame TORHS 2Hot4Ice is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the TORHS 2Hot4Ice Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the TORHS 2Hot4Ice website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.COLLECTION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONTORHS 2Hot4Ice collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. TORHS 2Hot4Ice also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by TORHS 2Hot4Ice. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by TORHS 2Hot4Ice for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the TORHS 2Hot4Ice Web site.Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through TORHS 2Hot4Ice public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: TORHS 2Hot4Ice does not read any of your private online communications.TORHS 2Hot4Ice encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from TORHS 2Hot4Ice so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. TORHS 2Hot4Ice is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the TORHS 2Hot4Ice Web site.USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONTORHS 2Hot4Ice collects and uses your personal information to operate the TORHS 2Hot4Ice Web site and deliver the services you have requested. TORHS 2Hot4Ice also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from TORHS 2Hot4Ice and its affiliates. TORHS 2Hot4Ice may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.TORHS 2Hot4Ice does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. TORHS 2Hot4Ice may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, TORHS 2Hot4Ice may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to TORHS 2Hot4Ice, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.TORHS 2Hot4Ice does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.TORHS 2Hot4Ice keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within TORHS 2Hot4Ice, in order to determine what TORHS 2Hot4Ice services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within TORHS 2Hot4Ice to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.TORHS 2Hot4Ice Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on TORHS 2Hot4Ice or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of TORHS 2Hot4Ice; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of TORHS 2Hot4Ice, or the public.USE OF COOKIESThe TORHS 2Hot4Ice Web site use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize TORHS 2Hot4Ice pages, or register with TORHS 2Hot4Ice site or services, a cookie helps TORHS 2Hot4Ice to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same TORHS 2Hot4Ice Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the TORHS 2Hot4Ice features that you customized.You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the TORHS 2Hot4Ice services or Web sites you visit.SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONTORHS 2Hot4Ice secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. TORHS 2Hot4Ice secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.CHANGES TO THIS STATEMENTTORHS 2Hot4Ice will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. TORHS 2Hot4Ice encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how TORHS 2Hot4Ice is protecting your information.CONTACT INFORMATIONTORHS 2Hot4Ice welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that TORHS 2Hot4Ice has not adhered to this Statement, please contact TORHS 2Hot4Ice at office@torhs2hot4ice.com. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.