http://www.tmlfever.com/privacypolicy.html
World Wide Web
TML Fever
TML Forum
Fan Association
TML Boycott
Toronto Sports Talk
Mission Statement: The TMLFever.com Mission is the same today as it was from day one. We seek to inform our viewers about the Toronto Maple Leafs and the great game of hockey in general. We promise an unwavering commitment to viewers visual enjoyment, and hopefully some that are not fans upon entering will be when they leave our site.
SPORTS SITES
ABC NEWS Sports
Can. Olympic Com.
CBS SportsLine
CFL.com
College Football
ESPN Sports
Europian Soccer
FIFA06 Germany
FIFA
FOX Sports
HBO.com BOXING
Kentucky Derby
MLB.com
MLS.com
MSNBC Sports
NASCAR.com
NBA.com
NFL.com
NHRA.com
NHL.com
PGATOUR.COM
TENNIS.com
TFC Talks
U.S.A. Olympics
US. Soccer
WNBA
NHL TEAMS
NHL.com
Anaheim
Atlanta
Boston
Buffalo
Calgary
Carolina
Chicago
Colorado
Columbus
Dallas
Detroit
Edmonton
Florida
Los Angeles
Minnesota
Montreal
Nashville
New Jersey
NY Islanders
NY Rangers
Ottawa
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Pittsburgh
San Jose
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Toronto
Vancouver
Washington
CFL TEAMS
CFL.com
Argos Talk Forum
BC Lions
Edmonton Eskimos
Calgary Stampeders
Sask. Roughriders
Win. Blue Bombers
Hamilton Tiger-Cats
Toronto Argonauts
Ottawa Renegades
Montreal Alouettes
NBA TEAMS
NBA.com
Atlanta
Boston
Charlotte
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Golden State
Houston
Indiana
LA Clippers
LA Lakers
Memphis
Miami
Milwaukee
Minnesota
New Jersey
NO/Okla City
New York
Orlando
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Portland
Sacramento
San Antonio
Seattle
Toronto
Utah
Washington
MLB TEAMS
MLB.com
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Boston
Chi Cubs
Chi White Sox
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Colorado
Detroit
Florida
Houston
Kansas City
LA Angels
LA Dodgers
Milwaukee
Minnesota
NY Mets
NY Yankees
Oakland
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
San Diego
San Francisco
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Texas
Toronto
Washington
MLS TEAMS
MLS.com
Chicago Fire
Columbus Crew
D.C. United
Kansas City Wizards
New York Red Bulls
N. E. Revolution
Club Deportivo
Colorado Rapids
FC Dallas
Houston Dynamo
Los Angeles Galaxy
Real Salt Lake
Toronto FC
NHL/Affiliates
Official NHL Site
CBA News
AHL
ECHL
UHL
CHL
NHL Officials
Mighty Roos
Eishockey.com
Hockeyghiaccio
Flowers.NHL.com
NHL Auctions
NHL Alumni
PowerPlay
NHLExchange
Hockey Injuries
Beckett e-Store
Hockey Archive
NHL Player And Team Information At Your Fingertips
NHL Player And Team Information.
Leafs Stat Leaders |
NHL Stat Leaders |
FOX Power Rankings |
TSN Power Rankings |
TSN Injury Report |
Conference Standings
NHL Radio |
NHL Scoreboard
Hockey Hall Of Fame |
Sports E-Cyclopedia |
NHL Auctions
The Star |
The Globe And Mail
Toronto Sun |
ESPN
|
Sports Net |
FOX Sports |
CBC Sportsline |
Yahoo Sports |
MSNBC Sports |
Sports Illustrated
The Evolution Of The Toronto Maple Leafs Logo.
Click On Any Team Logo Below To Visit Their Official Site.
Main NHL Sites and TML Affiliates.
-- Disclaimer --
This site is not recognized, approved, sponsored or endorsed by the
Toronto Maple Leafs or the
National Hockey League. The Toronto Maple Leafs, Maple Leafs and associated logo marks, the NHL, the NHL Shield, the word mark and image of the Stanley Cup, and NHL Conference logos are registered trade-marks of MLSE and/or the National Hockey League. All Maple Leafs, NHL logos, marks and NHL member club logos and marks as well as all other proprietary materials depicted on this Web site are the property of MLSE and/or the NHL and the respective NHL member clubs. All logos and trademarks on this site are property of TNTDomains/TMLfever.com, unless otherwise noted. Any advertising revenue or donations received by TMLFever.com go directly towards the costs of running this website and it is not intended as a for-profit venture.
Main Links
Home
About Us
Advertise
Affiliates
Archives
Commentary
Community Forum
Contact Us
Link To Us
Site Map
Sponsors
Staff
Leaf Links
ACC
ACC Map
ACC Seating Chart
Banner Vision
Biographies
Biographies Past
Leafs & NHL News
Management
Maple Leaf Gardens
Mascot
Mutual Street Arena
Pictures & Salaries
Roster
Schedule
TML Store
Transactions
NHL Info
Did You Know
Greatest Players
Hockey Glossary
NHL Officials
NHL Players Stats
NHL Teams
NHL Team Logos
Nicknames
The Great One
Playoff Info
Cup Winners
Cup Winning Goals
Cup Rings
Cup Winning Roster
Depth Chart
NHL Trophies
Playoff Bracket
Playoff Talk
What Have You Done
History Info
All Time Jersey #s
All Time Leafs
Defunct Teams
Hockey History
Hockey History 2
Leaf Heroes
Leafs History
Leafs History 2
Leafs Timeline
Leafs Draft History
NHL Teams History
One Game Wonders
Hockey Links
Links
Super Links
General Info
Canadian Info Fun
City Links
Search Engines
Specific Search Engines
Toronto City Events
Toronto City FAQ
Toronto City Info
Legal Info
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Service
Sponsors
Domain Registry
HPM
Milton Talks
Logo Design
NHL Replay
TML Forum
Community
After The Horn
Coach's Corner
Community Home
Join Community
Joke Board
Leaf Talks
Member Login
Advertise HereCorum CorporationCreative TrademarksHockey History Our SponsorsRegister PlanetTNT DomainsPrivacy Policy:If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, please contact us. Please take a minute to read the following policy so you understand how we use the personal information we ask you to submit. As we update and expand our services, this policy may change, so please refer back to it periodically. If you use any of our services, you agree to these terms.
Collection and Use of Information
Viewing and Updating Your Information
Cookies
Log Files
Links
Recommend A Friend or Colleague
Security and Access
Notification of Changes
Contact Collection and Use of InformationWhen you register with this site or one of its affiliated web sites, we ask you for personal information. We use this information to process your requests and to communicate with you about the status of your requests. We may also use your email address to send you newsletters you are subscribed to during registration, as well as messages about any special offers, promotional announcements and consumer surveys. We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. When you first register with us, we ask for your email address and a password (at times). At this time, we may subscribe you to various email publications. You can unsubscribe at any time. We also offer an Associate program, where associate members direct customers to the network through links on their Web sites. We ask associates for their site name (URL), mailing address, primary contact, pay-to address, technical contact, and other site-related information to determine whether a site will be included in our network. The information collected from our affiliates is used strictly for that program; none of this information is used for general marketing purposes.  In some cases our software and web site are utilized by our partners in a joint venture via their web community. In these cases, the information collected on our site is available to both companies.
Back to top -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Viewing and Updating Your Information on the Network You always have complete access to the information you have provided to the network. You can make changes to this information to update your account anytime.
Back to top --------------------------------------------------------------------------------Cookies In general, we have limited use of cookies.  As you browse areas of this site, cookies may be placed on your computer's hard drive. (Cookies are small pieces of data that are sent to your browser from a Web server and stored on your hard drive.) Cookies allow us to track your account so you don't need to retype the information each time you visit our site. Our advertisers may also serve cookies when users click on the ad banners on this site. We do not have access to any personal information gathered by advertisers.
Back to top --------------------------------------------------------------------------------Log Files  We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Back to top --------------------------------------------------------------------------------Links This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites.  We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this web site.
Back to top --------------------------------------------------------------------------------Recommend a Friend or Colleague If a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend or colleague about our site, we ask them for the friend's name and email address. We will automatically send the friend an email inviting them to visit the site or review the content selected by a user. We then store this information in our databases. The friend may contact us to request that we remove this information at any time.
Back to top --------------------------------------------------------------------------------Security and Access We have implemented technology and security features, as well as strict internal guidelines, to safeguard the privacy of your personal information from unauthorized access or improper use. We will continue to enhance our security procedures as new technology becomes available. While we make every effort to ensure that your information is secure on our system, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. When you place an order online at TMLFever.com, your credit card information is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer ("SSL") protocol. SSL makes it difficult for your credit card information to be intercepted or stolen while being transmitted. TMLFever.com uses a service company to process its credit card transactions. In the case of this web site PayPal.comUsers should not post personal information to any site if they are uncomfortable with the security of the site.  If you have any questions, please contact us.
Back to top --------------------------------------------------------------------------------Notification of Changes  If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes here so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point you have questions or concerns about TMLFever.com's privacy policy, please feel free to contact us.
Back to top --------------------------------------------------------------------------------Contact If you have questions concerning your account or this privacy policy, please contact us.
Back to top Terms Of Service  Disclaimer