http://www.footballfoundation.org.uk/news/40131-teams-given-helping-hand-as-football-gears-up-for-return
Skip navigation
Search
Search
Close
40,131 teams given helping hand as football gears up for return
Football’s return has been given a financial boost through the Premier League, The FA and Government’s Football Foundation.
Following £7m of investment through the Pitch Preparation Fund, which is helping clubs get their playing surfaces match-fit, the Foundation today announced it is awarding 3,383 grants worth £1,691,500 to organisations across the country through the Club Preparation Fund.  This was open to applications in the first half of July.
The Club Preparation Fund will help clubs prepare their buildings to safely reopen in line with Government guidance around hygiene and social distancing, and The FA’s plans for a ‘phased return’ that were announced on 18 July.
The Club Preparation Fund’s impact in numbers:
A total of 3,383 grants awarded
£1,691,500 of investment
A total of 40,131 football teams benefiting
32,921 grassroots teams benefiting
6,742 teams in The FA National League System will benefit
197 teams in The FA Women’s Football Pyramid will benefit
10 grants awarded to clubs in the Welsh Cymru Premier League.
These grants will help football sites to satisfy the extra hygiene measures that Government guidance requires.  This includes:
Installing hygiene facilities, such as hand sanitiser dispensers, soap dispensers, paper towel dispensers and waste bins
Modifications, such as safety screening, contactless payment systems and signage
Facility maintenance work, such as repairing hand basins and hot water provision
Professional inspections that may be necessary due to the prolonged period of closure resulting from the pandemic – including inspections of water quality, gas and ventilation.
The Pitch Preparation Fund awarded £7m to 2,902 organisations.  This is enabling over 9,000 football pitches to be made match-fit and is benefiting more than 33,000 football teams.
Sports Minister Nigel Huddleston said: “Football is at the heart of communities across the country and we’re determined to help local clubs bounce back stronger than ever.
“I’m delighted to see grassroots football return and I know this investment will do so much to help teams stay safe as they get back on the pitch.”
The FA also released bespoke guidance for outdoor facility providers to help achieve the Government’s guidelines.  Providers will need to carry out a COVID-19 risk assessment, then adapt their facilities via three key ‘controls’: promoting good hygiene; keeping facilities and equipment clean; and maintaining social distancing and avoiding congestion.
Clubs and other organisations can access to the Football Foundation Groundskeeping Community for free.  This is an online resource of advice and guidance for looking after natural grass pitches.  Anyone can sign up at https://thefa.hivelearning.com/groundskeeping.
The Football Foundation is a charity funded by the Premier League, The FA and the Government, through Sport England.
For more information please contact Rory Carroll on 07545 932432 or rory.carroll@footballfoundation.org.uk.
About the Football Foundation
The Premier League, The FA and Government’s Football Foundation is the largest sports charity in the UK.  It champions and supports fair access to quality football facilities for everyone, regardless of postcode, gender, race, disability or place.
The Foundation receives money from the Premier League, The FA and the Department for Digital, Culture, Media and Sport, through Sport England. This is matched with partnership funding and awarded as grants to create outstanding grassroots facilities that enable better games and attract more players, helping to transform communities.
The Football Foundation celebrates its 20th anniversary this year.  Since 2000, it has awarded more than 11,409 grants to improve facilities worth more than £631m – including 901 artificial grass pitches, 5,460 natural grass pitches and 1,137 changing facilities.  This has attracted an additional £736m of partnership funding – totalling over £1.4bn investment in grassroots football so far.
Through the Foundation, the Premier League, The FA, DCMS and Sport England have come together to create the National Football Facilities Strategy (NFFS) that will guide work over the next ten years to transform many more local facilities.  Local Football Facility Plans (LFFP) are being created to identify priority projects where demand is greatest, and the impact will be strongest and help stimulate the action required to deliver them.
PressRelease
26 Nov 2020
Robert Sullivan appointed CEO of the Football Foundation
PressRelease
27 Oct 2020
Football Foundation teams up with Local Government Association for landmark virtual event
PressRelease
2 Oct 2020
Premier League helps more than 1,000 clubs prepare their stadiums for football’s return
View all related news
Subscribe
We’ve given the red card to spam or sales mailing lists, you’ll only get the latest news and exciting developments from the grassroots game. Sound good?
First Name:
Last Name:
Email Address:
Subscribe to newsletter
Close
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Close
We use
cookies
to ensure we give you the best experience across our website. To allow us to do this, we'd like you to accept to the use of our cookies.
No thanks
Yes, allow cookies