http://www.royalchallengers.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy | Royal Challengers Bangalore
Skip to main content
RCB PRIVACY AND COOKIE NOTICE OVERVIEW
1. Introduction
This Privacy and Cookie Notice applies to personal information collected by or on behalf of Royal Challengers Sports Private Limited.
This section provides a high-level overview of our detailed Privacy and Cookie Notice below. It summarises important information contained in our detailed Privacy and Cookie Notice regarding how we collect, use, and share your personal information. References to the relevant sections of the detailed Privacy and Cookie Notice are set out below for your convenience.
See Section 1 for more information about Royal Challengers Sports Private Limited.
2. Are you of legal age to enter into binding contracts?
Do not provide us with your personal information if you are not of legal age to enter into binding contracts in the jurisdiction from which you are accessing the Site.
If we believe that you are under the legal age to enter into binding contracts in the jurisdiction from which you are accessing the Site, we will make every reasonable effort to remove your personal information from our records.
See Section 2 under the heading “Detailed Privacy and Cookie Notice” for more details regarding legal  age.
3. What types of personal information do we collect?
Personal information is information about an identifiable individual, as defined by applicable law. The personal information we collect includes (a) information you provide to us, (b) information we automatically collect/generate, and (c) information we obtain from third parties.
See Section 3 under the heading “Detailed Privacy and Cookie Notice” for more details and examples of the types of personal information we collect.
4. How/when do we collect personal information?
When you browse or use our website or apps, as well as certain third party websites and apps with whom we have partnered, we (and our partners) use cookies and similar technologies to collect information automatically from your device (such as your PC, tablet or other mobile device). We also use certain automated techniques and technologies to infer or generate additional information about you, for example by analysing or predicting certain personal aspects such as your personal preferences or interests. We also receive IP addresses from users as this information is automatically reported by browsers each time you view a web page.
From time to time we partner with and use the services of various third parties to collect personal information about you from other legitimate third party data sources, including information from commercially and/or publicly available sources, such as data aggregators, public databases, third-party social media platforms, and other third party sites with whom we have partnered.
See Section 4 under the heading “Detailed Privacy and Cookie Notice” for more details regarding how and when we collect personal information.
5. Purposes for which your personal information is used
We may use your personal information/information for the following purposes: to send you marketing communications and to display the most appropriate and relevant advertising to you either on our websites, apps, or third party websites (including social media platforms), to conduct marketing analysis and online ad verification, to provide specific services to you and manage transactions, , and to engage in technical maintenance.
See Section 5 under the heading “Detailed Privacy and Cookie Notice” for more details regarding the purposes for which your personal information is used.
6. Cookies and similar technologies
We use cookies, scripts, pixel tags, etags, web beacons and similar technologies (collectively referred to as “cookies”) to help us gather and store information about visitors to our websites, apps and certain third party websites and apps with whom we have partnered. There are a number of ways to manage cookies as described in Section 6. You also have the ability to accept or decline cookies by modifying the settings in your browser. However please also note that you may not be able to use all the interactive features of our site if all cookies are disabled.
We use two broad types of cookies: (a) First party cookies (served directly by us to your device when you visit our website), and (b) Third party cookies (served by a third party on our behalf when you visit our website and certain third party websites and apps with whom we have partnered).
The cookies we use can be divided into four broad categories: (1) Strictly Necessary Cookies, (2) Performance Cookies, (3) Functionality Cookies, and (4) Targeting Cookies or Advertising Cookies.
See Sections 6-8 under the heading “Detailed Privacy and Cookie Notice” for more details about the types of cookies we use, what they are used for and how you can opt-out of cookies.
7. Legal basis for the processing of personal information
We will only process your personal information where we have a legal basis to do so. The legal basis will depend on the purposes for which we have collected and use your personal information. In almost every case the legal basis will be either (a) where we have your consent, (b) our legitimate business interests, (c) performance of a contract with you, or (d) compliance with law.
See Section 10 for more details regarding the legal basis on which we process your personal information.
8. Disclosure of personal information
We value your personal information and only share it with third parties that provide it with adequate protection. From time to time we may disclose personal information to (a) third parties where you have provided your consent, (b) our service providers and subcontractors, (c) third parties who we believe are providing or seeking the information as your legal agent, (d) third parties in the event of a corporate transaction, and (e) law enforcement, governmental or regulatory agencies.
See Section 11 for more details regarding the disclosure of your personal information to third parties.
9. Will we transfer your personal information abroad?
Your personal information may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the country in which you reside, including countries, which have less strict, or no data protection laws, when compared to those in your country.
Whenever we transfer your information in this way, we will take steps which are reasonably necessary to ensure that adequate safeguards are in place to protect your personal information and to make sure it is treated securely.
See Section 12 for more details regarding the international transfer of your personal information.
10. Public areas of our websites and apps
Information that you post on or through the public areas of our websites and apps or on social media platforms generally is accessible to, and may be collected and used by others.
Please do use caution and do not disclose any personal information, as we do not have any control on how other users may subsequently use your information.
11. Security
We take security seriously and take precautions to keep your personal information secure. We have put in place reasonable technological and organisational procedures to safeguard the information we collect.
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or data storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that the security of any account you might have with us has been compromised), please immediately notify us of the problem by contacting us at the contact details below.
We have no control over the privacy of any communications while in transit to us. We recommend that you not include confidential, proprietary or sensitive information in such communications.
See Section 14 for more information.
12. Your rights
You have certain rights in relation to your personal information. These rights include the right to withdraw your consent to any processing of your personal information (where you had provided consent), object to the processing of your information for certain purposes, the right to access your personal information, and the ability to erase, restrict or in certain cases receive a machine-readable copy of your personal information. You may also unsubscribe from any of our marketing communications at any time.
If you wish to exercise any of these rights you may contact us (using the contact details provided below)
See section 15 for more information regarding your rights.
13. How long will we retain your personal information for?
We will retain your Personal Information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy and Cookie Notice unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
See Section 16 for more details regarding the periods for which we retain your personal information.
14. Contact Us
If you have any comments, queries, or complaints about our collection or use of personal information please contact us at dataprivacy.grievanceofficer@diageo.com
DETAILED PRIVACY AND COOKIE NOTICE
1.   Introduction
This website and/or mobile app is operated by Royal Challengers Sports Private Limited.
All references to 'our', 'us', 'we', or ‘company’ within this notice are deemed to refer to Royal Challengers Sports Private Limited and its immediate holding company.
We endeavour to protect your personal privacy. We provide this Privacy and Cookie Notice to help you to understand what we may do with any of your personal information that we hold. We will use your information only for the purposes set forth below.
We may need to update this Privacy and Cookie Notice from time to time. Depending on the nature of the change, we may contact you with details of the change. We also recommend that you check this page regularly to ensure that you have read the most recent version.
2. Legal age to enter into binding contracts
You must not provide us with your personal information if you are not of legal age to enter into binding contracts in the jurisdiction from which you are accessing the website. If we receive notice or believe that someone under the legal age to enter into binding contracts in the jurisdiction from they are accessing the website has provided us with personal information, we will make every reasonable efforts to remove such personal information from our records, or to flag such personal information and (to the extent permitted by law) retain it for the sole purpose of ensuring that it is no longer used.
3. What types of personal information do we collect?
Personal information is information about an identifiable individual, as defined by applicable law. The personal information we collect includes (a) information we automatically collect/generate, and (b) information we obtain from third parties. We have set out below more details regarding these types of personal information:
Information you provide to us: These types of personal information include:
contact details (such as your name, postal addresses, phone numbers and email addresses),
Information we automatically collect/generate or obtain from third parties: These types of personal information may relate to your device (such as your PC, tablet or other mobile device), your use of our websites and apps (as well as certain third party websites and apps with whom we have partnered), and/or your personal preferences, interests, or geographic location. Examples of these types of information include:
name and age (or predicted age range),
information about your device, operating system, browser and IP address,
unique identifiers associated with your device,
details of web pages and apps that you have visited,
which products you have looked at online (including information about products you have searched for or viewed, purchased or added to an online shopping basket),
how long you spend on certain areas of a website or app together with the date and time of your visit/usage,
personal information contained within user-generated content (such as blogs and social media postings),
social media user name or ID, and
social media profile photo and other social media profile information (such as number of followers).
4. How/when do we collect personal information?
We will indicate where any personal information we have requested is mandatory or optional. We will also explain the consequences should you decide not to provide information which we have indicated is mandatory. In some circumstances this may mean we are unable to provide you with a certain service or product.
Information you provide to us: There are various situations in which you may voluntarily provide personal information to us.
Information we automatically collect/generate: When you browse or use our websites or apps (as well as certain third party websites with whom we have partnered) we (and our partners) use cookies and similar technologies  to collect information automatically from one or more of your devices associated with you (see below for more details regarding the use of cookies and similar technologies). We also use certain automated techniques and technologies to infer or generate additional information about you, for example by analysing or predicting certain personal aspects such as your personal preferences or interests.
IP addresses: When your web browser or e-mail application requests a web page or e-mail from another computer on the Internet, it automatically gives that computer the address where it should send the information. This is called your computer's "IP address" (IP stands for "Internet protocol"). For most users accessing the Internet, the IP address will be different every time you log on. Many IP addresses are commonly associated with Internet service providers (ISPs), universities, or major corporations in specific regions or localities. We receive IP addresses from all users because this information is automatically reported by your browser each time you view a web page. IP addresses are generally recorded in files called “log files”.
Information we obtain from third parties: From time to time we partner with and use the services of various third parties to collect personal information about you from other legitimate third party data sources. The types of sources include information from commercially and/or publicly available sources such as data aggregators, public databases, third-party social media platforms and other third party websites with whom we have partnered.
5. Purposes for which your information/ personal information is used
The different purposes for which we use your personal information are set out below:
Customer services: We will also use your personal information to respond to your queries and requests. We may also use your personal information to notify you about changes to our services, our terms and conditions or this Privacy and Cookie Notice.
Technical maintenance: We use personal information for system administration purposes and to diagnose service or technology problems reported by our users or engineers, these types of problem may be associated with the IP addresses controlled by a specific web company or ISP.
6. Cookies and similar technologies
Like many other websites and apps, we use cookies, scripts, pixel tags, etags, web beacons and similar technologies (collectively referred to as “cookies”) to help us gather and store information about visitors to our websites and apps and certain third party websites and apps with whom we have partnered. This section and the sections below provide information about how we use cookies and how you can control them.
A cookie is a text-only string of information that a website transfers to the cookie file of the browser on your device’s hard disk. A cookie will typically contain the name of the domain from which the cookie has come, the "lifetime" of the cookie, and a value, usually a randomly generated unique number.
Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognise a user’s device. You can find more information about cookies at: www.allaboutcookies.org. More details regarding the specific cookies we use and the purposes for which we use the are set out in the sections below.
There are a number of ways to manage cookies as described below. You also have the ability to accept or decline cookies by modifying the settings in your browser. Please refer to your browser instructions or help screen to learn more about the functions which your browser provides to manage cookies. If you use different browsers you may need to ensure that each browser is adjusted to suit your cookie preferences. However, please also note that you may not be able to use all the interactive features of our site if all cookies are disabled.
7. What types of cookies do we use?
We use two broad types of cookies:
First party cookies, served directly by us to your device when you visit our website or app.
Third party cookies, served by a third party on our behalf when you visit our website or app and certain third party websites and apps with whom we have partnered.
8. What do we use cookies for?
The cookies we use can be divided into four broad categories: (1) Strictly Necessary Cookies, (2) Performance Cookies, (3) Functionality Cookies, and (4) Targeting Cookies or Advertising Cookies. See below for more details regarding each of these categories of cookies.
Category 1: Strictly Necessary Cookies
These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the website. Without these cookies certain services you have asked for cannot be provided.
What type of Strictly Necessary Cookies do we use on our website?
Examples of Strictly Necessary Cookies we may use on this website or app include Content Management Cookies which are required by the site or app for the content management system to work and Template Preference Cookies which are necessary for mobile sites and apps and enable the site and app to look and feel the way it is intended to.
We may also use a Social Sharing Plugins and Cookies. The Social Sharing plugin works by linking you with social media sites such as Facebook and Twitter and allows interaction between your activity on social media sites and on our website or app through your direction. For example, using your Facebook username and password to login to our website or app, and using the Facebook ‘Like’ and ‘Share’ buttons on our site or app. Social Sharing cookies are used to remember that you are logged in to our site.
Category 2: Performance Cookies
These cookies collect information about how visitors use a website or app, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies don’t collect information that directly identifies a visitor. All information collected by these cookies is aggregated and therefore becomes anonymous. It is only used to improve how a website or app works.
What type of Performance Cookies do we use on our website or app?
We use Google Analytics to help analyse use of the site or app. These analytical tools use cookies to collect standard internet log information and visitor behaviour information which is then aggregated so that it does not identify any individuals. The information about your use of the website or app and your IP address is transmitted to Google and Adobe and is used by us to evaluate visitors' use of the website, compile statistical reports on website or app activity and create a profile of aggregated visitors based on demographics and interests. We also use a tool called Google Display Network Impression Reporting to understand which adverts we place on other websites or apps in the Google Display Network are better at helping us attract visitors to our website or apps. To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics visit  http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Category 3: Functionality Cookies
These cookies allow the website or app to remember choices you make (such as your user name or language) and provide enhanced, more personal features. These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of pages that you can customise. They may also be used to provide services you have asked for such as watching a video or commenting on a blog. The information these cookies collect may be anonymised and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.
What type of Functionality Cookies do we use on our website or app?
We may place a cookie to remember your preferences (Preference Cookie) so that you do not need to re-enter your details (country/age and language preferences) on our gateway page. This is not suitable if you share your computer with someone else. This cookie expires automatically after 12 months.
We may also use Session Cookies, which are temporary cookies that remember user choices regarding the site or app, and preferences you have selected during the session. These cookies are deleted as soon as you leave the site or exit from the app.
Category 4: Targeting Cookies or Advertising Cookies
These cookies are used to deliver adverts more relevant to you and your interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign. They are usually placed by third party advertising technology providers (such as advertising networks and other digital advertising platforms) with the website operator’s or app operator’s permission. They remember that you have visited a website or an app and this information is shared with other organisations such as advertisers. Quite often targeting or advertising cookies will be linked to a site or an app functionality provided by the other organisation.
What type of Targeting Cookies or Advertising Cookies do we use?
These cookies are used to deliver content that is more relevant to you and your interests based on your previous browsing across the web or on an app as well as keywords we may be able to gather from the URLs of webpages from which you accessed this website, your IP address and any search engine used to reach this website. Also, these cookies may be used to deliver targeted advertising to you (either within this website or app or when you visit third party websites or apps, including third party social media platforms) or to limit the number of times you see an advertisement. They stay on your computer unless you delete them and they remember that you have visited a website.
We may also use certain service providers to set cookies on our behalf via third party websites with whom we have partnered. These cookies enable us to analyse consumers’ visits to specific sections of those websites and collect certain information regarding purchases of our products from those websites.
9. How do I opt out of cookie targeted advertising?
If you see any of our advertising with this logo   on it -  you are able to take control of whether you get these types of ads. This is the AdChoices icon and provided by the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA).
When you click through the Icon, you’ll get information about the companies that provide interest-based ads on the sites you visit. You’ll learn about how it works, how this type of advertising supports free content, and about other privacy choices.
If you don’t want this type of advertising, you can click through to the consumer choice page to opt out from the companies that participate in the Icon program.
For further information about how to manage or delete targeted/advertising cookies in this way visit - http://www.youradchoices.com/
10. Legal basis for the processing of personal information
We will only process your personal information where we have a legal basis to do so. The legal basis will depend on the purposes for which we have collected and use your personal information. In almost every case the legal basis will be one of the following:
Our legitimate business interests: Where it is necessary for us to understand our customers, promote our services and operate effectively, provided in each case that this is done in a legitimate way which does not unduly affect your privacy and other rights. For example, we will rely on this legal basis when we conduct certain market analysis to understand our users in sufficient detail so we can create new products and improve the profile of our brands.
Compliance with law: Where we are subject to a legal obligation and need to use your personal information in order to comply with that obligation.
11. Disclosure of personal information
We value your personal information and only share it with third parties that provide it with adequate protection. From time to time we may disclose personal information to:
third parties where you have provided your consent. For example, we will obtain your permission before we allow a third party that is not an affiliate to send you any marketing and promotional information relating to that third party’s products or services;
our service providers and subcontractors, including our affiliates, and/or third party websites (such as other social media platforms or search engines) retained to perform functions on our behalf, or to provide services to us (marketing and advertising (including by delivering targeted advertising on third party websites and social media platforms); age verification; monitoring our digital advertisements to ensure that they do not appear on unsuitable websites or near inappropriate content and also to ensure that our advertising is visible and seen by real people online (as opposed to ‘bots’ or similar fraudulent techniques); software development; website hosting and management; information technology and office services; legal, accounting, audit and other professional service providers; and other services related to our business), provided such service providers and subcontractors have entered into written agreements with us and do not collect, use, or disclose the personal information for any purpose other than to perform such functions on our behalf, to provide services to us, or as otherwise required by law;
third parties who, in our reasonable judgment, are providing or seeking the information as your authorized or appointed legal agent;
a person or entity, including our affiliates, in the event of a sale, merger, consolidation, change in control, transfer of substantial assets, financing, reorganization, or liquidation whereby we transfer, sell, or assign to such third party information concerning your relationship with us, including without limitation, personal information that you provide and other information concerning your relationship with us; and
law enforcement, governmental or regulatory agencies, or other third parties in order to comply with applicable law, or where we believe such action is necessary in order to comply with applicable law, or to detect, protect, or defend us and/or other third parties against error, negligence, breach of contract, theft, fraud, or other illegal or harmful activity, to comply with our audit and security requirements, or to audit compliance with our corporate policies, procedures, legal, or contractual obligations.
12. Will we transfer your personal information abroad?
Please note that your personal information may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the country in which you reside, including countries, which have less strict, or no data protection laws, when compared to those in your country.
Whenever we transfer your information as described in the paragraph above, we will take steps which are reasonably necessary to ensure that adequate safeguards are in place to protect your personal information and to make sure it is treated securely.
13. Public areas of our websites and apps
Information that you post on or through the public areas of our websites and apps (e.g., chat rooms, bulletin boards, discussion groups), or on social media platforms generally is accessible to, and may be collected and used by, others, and may result in unsolicited messages or other contact from others. You should not provide personal information about yourself in public (or interactive) areas of our websites or apps on social media platforms.
14. Security
We take security seriously and take precautions to keep your personal information secure. We have put in place reasonable physical, technical, and organisational procedures to safeguard the information we collect. However, we have no control over the privacy of any communication while it is in transit to us. We therefore recommend that you not include confidential, proprietary, or sensitive information in any such communications.
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or data storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that the security of any account you might have with us has been compromised), please immediately notify us of the problem by contacting us at the contact details below. In the unlikely event that we believe that the security of your personal information in our possession or control may have been compromised, we may seek to notify you of that development. If such a notification is appropriate, we will endeavour to do so as promptly as possible under the circumstances, and, to the extent we have your email address, we may notify you by email.
You are reminded that, in accordance with the Conditions of Use for this website and/or app, you are responsible for maintaining the strict confidentiality of your account password, and you are responsible for any activity under your account and password. It is your sole responsibility to control the dissemination and use of your password, control access to and use of your account, and notify us when you wish to cancel your account. We will not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with this obligation.
15.  Your rights
You have certain rights in relation to your personal information. These rights include the right to withdraw your consent to any processing of your personal information (where you had provided consent), object to the processing of your information for certain purposes, the right to access your personal information, and the ability to erase, restrict or in certain cases receive a machine-readable copy of your personal information. You may also unsubscribe from any of our marketing communications at any time.
If you wish to exercise any of these rights you may contact us (using the contact details provided below). We will handle any request to exercise your rights in accordance with applicable law and any relevant legal exemptions.
16. How long will we retain your personal information for?
We will retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy and Cookie Notice unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.  After this period it will be deleted or in some cases anonymised.
For example, we may keep a record of correspondence with you (for example if you have made a complaint) for as long as is necessary to protect us from a legal claim.
Where we have collected the personal information based on your consent and we have no other lawful basis to continue with that processing, if you subsequently withdraw your consent then we will delete your personal information. However, please note that where you unsubscribe from our marketing communications, we will keep a record of your email address to ensure we do not send you marketing emails in future.
17. Intentionally left blank
18. Interfaces with Third-Party Websites and Services
Our websites and apps may contain links, references, and content from other websites, apps and services outside of our control. Please be aware that we have limited or no control over these websites, apps and services and our Privacy and Cookie Notice does not apply to them. We encourage you to read the Privacy and Cookie Notices and Conditions of Use of any linked, referenced, or interfacing websites, apps and services you visit or use.
This Privacy and Cookie Notice may be supplemented by additional legal requirements in jurisdictions where we conduct business as required. Nothing in this Privacy and Cookie Notice or otherwise will create, or add to, any right or claim (whether legal, equitable, or otherwise) that any individual or person may have at law or otherwise against the us or any of our directors, officers, employees, agents, or representatives, nor will the existence of this Privacy and Cookie Notice or its application impose or add to any obligations upon or create any liability for us that we do not already otherwise have under law.
19. Contact Us
If you have any privacy-related questions, concerns or complaints, please us contact at dataprivacy.grievanceofficer@diageo.com
© 2020 All rights reserved.
LATEST NEWS
England’s tour of India to begin on February 5; Chennai, Ahmedabad, and Pune to play host
10
Dec
Shahbaz Ahmed's all-round show helps Tapan Memorial Club to clinch the inaugural Bengal T20 Challenge
10
Dec
MCG to allow 30,000 fans during Australia vs India Boxing Day Test
10
Dec
Sunil Gavaskar not pleased with England’s latest tactic
10
Dec
Can't speak highly enough of Zamps' help: Mitchell Swepson
10
Dec