https://www.liveabout.com/swizzles-help-new-skaters-learn-1282572
Share
PINTEREST
Email
Print
Photo by LWA/Dann Tardif / Blend Images / Getty Images
Sports & Athletics
Skating
Lessons
Basics
History
Gear
Famous Skaters
Inline Skating
Baseball
Basketball
Bicycling
Billiards
Bodybuilding
Bowling
Boxing
Car Racing
Cheerleading
Cricket
Extreme Sports
Football
Golf
Gymnastics
Ice Hockey
Martial Arts
Professional Wrestling
Skateboarding
Paintball
Soccer
Swimming & Diving
Table Tennis
Tennis
Track & Field
Volleyball
Other Activities
Learn More
By
Jo Ann Schneider Farris
Jo Ann Schneider Farris was a silver medalist in junior ice dancing at the 1975 U.S. National Figure Skating Championships and is the author of two books on skating
our editorial process
Jo Ann Schneider Farris
Updated October 11, 2017
Swizzles make the shape of a fish or football on the ice and are done on two feet and on inside edges. The move helps beginning ice skaters learn how to move and glide forward or backward across the ice and swizzles also help new skaters gain confidence as they use their knees to make their blades glide over the ice.
In roller skating, Swizzles are called "scissors." Some ice skating schools call swizzles "fishes." Some ice skating rinks use the word "sculling" when referring to "swizzles."
Swizzles Help New Figure Skaters Learn to Stroke
All figure skaters should master forward swizzles before beginning to learn and master forward stroking and gliding on one foot.
How to Do Swizzles
First put your blades together with heels touching in a "V" position.On inside edges, push outward, then inward to make your toes touch. You should make the shape of a fish on the ice and have now done a forward swizzle or scissors.Repeat by doing several forward swizzles in a row.Now try going backward. Reverse the process, starting with your toes together on inside edges, move outward, then inward so your heels touch again.As you make the move, make sure to bend your knees.
Swizzle Tip #1: The Rocking Horse Move Helps Skaters Master Swizzles
The rocking horse move is a fun and easy move that helps new ice skaters master swizzles and also helps skaters get used to gliding forward or backward on two feet. To do the rocking horse, simply do a forward swizzle and then a backward swizzle over and over again. Young children especially enjoy doing the rocking horse ice skating exercise. Adults find the rocking horse move useful as they get used to the feel of skating blades moving over the ice.
Swizzle Tip #2: Swizzles Are Done on Inside Edges
It is common for new ice skaters to struggle with swizzles because some skaters have a difficult time getting their feet to move forward or backward on inside edges. To make swizzles work, both blades must be pressed to the inside throughout the entire move.
Don't Get Discouraged: Swizzles Take Practice
Some new figure skaters may get discouraged or frustrated when they first learn how to do swizzles. It is very common for new ice skaters to give up when they can't bring their toes or heels completely together at first. When frustration sets in, relax and allow the feet to glide. In time, and with practice, swizzles will become easier to do. Don't give up!
A Guide to the Ice Skating Institute's Beginning Figure Skating Tests
Ice Skating Terms Every Skater Should Know
What to Expect At an Introductory Group Ice-Skating Lesson for Kids
Figure Skating Techniques
What to Expect at Your First Ice Skating Lesson
Fun Games Figure Skaters Can Play at the Skating Rink
Basic Figure Skating Stops
How To Do a Circle Eight On Figure Skates
How To Do a One-Foot Glide on Figure Skates
One Foot Figure Skating Turns
Figure Skating Drills for Ice Hockey Players
Learn How to Ice Skate in 10 Steps
How to Do Forward Crossovers On Figure Skates
Figure Skating Jumps Every Ice Skater Should Know
Simple Figure Skating Toe Jumps
How To Do a Layback Spin