https://www.ourchurch.com/privacy/
Privacy PolicyLast updated: May 23, 2018This Privacy Policy has been updated to be compliant with the GDPR (the European Union’s Genera Data Protection Regulation). It describes the information we collect, how we use and disclose such information, and the steps we take to protect such information.1) The Information We CollectAutomatically collected visitor dataEmail subscriber dataUser registration dataCustomer payment dataCommunications dataUser service dataClient data1.1) Automatically collected visitor dataWhen a Visitor visitors OurChurch.com or any associated websites, we may automatically record certain information from the Visitor’s device by using various types of technology, including cookies. This “automatically collected” information may include IP address or other device address or ID, web browser and/or device type, the web pages or sites visited just before or just after using the Service, the pages or other content the Visitor views or interacts with on the website, and the dates and times of the visit, access, or the website. We also may use these technologies to collect information regarding a Visitor with email messages, such as whether the Visitor opens, clicks on, or forwards a message. This information is gathered from all Visitors.Our websites are integrated with Google Analytics, which means Google is also allowed to automatically record the data cited above.This data does not include any personal identifiable information. It is collected for the purpose of improving the user experience and performance our websites.1.2) Email Subscriber DataOurChurch.Com operates several email subscriber lists.  Email subscriber data includes the name and email address of an individual is collected when a visitor voluntarily subscribes to one of our email lists. This data may be stored on one of our secure servers or with a 3rd party email service provider.All email messages we send and email lists we manage are compliant with the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003. This means all email messages we send include an unsubscribe notice and link, and all requests to unsubscribe will be honored within 10 business days.1.3) User Registration DataOurChurch.Com provides services which require user registration.  When registering, Users voluntarily provide data including but not limited to name, postal address, phone number, email address, how you heard about us, and if you’re over the age of 16.User Registration Data is required to provide restricted access to services such as web hosting, web design and search engine marketing.User Registration Data is occasionally used to contact users about changes to the services we provide and new services when they become availableUser Registration Data is not shared with any 3rd parties except when OurChurch.Com partners with a 3rd party to provide a specific service to a User. Two examples of this are domain registration service (provided by eNom) and SSL certificate service (provided by NameCheap.com). Users should refer to the privacy policies of these companies to learn more about how they handle User Registration Data. Beginning in January 2018, OurChurch.com began registering all domain names with Enom’s “ID Protect” service which prevents Users’ contact information from being publicly displayed in “whois” searches. ID Protect is included by OurChurch.Com with all new domain registrations and renewals. If a User wishes to stop their contact information from being publicly displayed in “whois” searches, they may renew their domain registration at any time.1.4) Customer Payment DataCustomers who utilize paid services provided by OurChurch.Com voluntarily provide credit card payment information or echeck/bank payment information.Payment data is securely transferred utilizing SSL encryption technology from the customers web browser to OurChurch.Com’s server and the 3rd party payment processor we use (Authorize.net).If the customer opts to have their service automatically renewed at the end of each term of service, payment data is stored securely on our PCI Compliant server in the United States for this purpose.  Customers may request to have payment data deleted at any time.Paying customers may opt to have their payment data not stored and their service not automatically renewed at the end of each term of service, however, additional fees may apply to cover the additional cost of processing the payment data each term.1.5) Communications DataOurChurch.Com uses a variety of methods to communicate.  Text media such as emails, help desk tickets, live text chats, contact forms, blog comments, and both public and private social media posts including attachments are saved for the purpose of providing superior customer service and used for reference in the case of any disputes or misunderstandings.In accordance with US law, some phone calls may be recorded as long as the caller is notified at the beginning of the call that it is being recorded.  For all phone call, OurChurch.Com staff may take notes and save those notes for the purpose of providing superior customer service and used for reference in the case of any disputes or misunderstandings1.6) User Services DataOurChurch.Com provides website services to Users including web hosting, website design, and search marketing services. Our staff and the online tools we have developed request the User Services Data necessary to provide these services. User Services Data includes data to be publicly displayed on the User’s or Customer’s website including the name of their organization, address, phone number email address, and other information about their organization. It also includes web page content such as page titles, page text, photos, audio, and video.Users should understand that once User Services Data is displayed publicly on a User’s website, that data can be viewed, saved and reproduced (legally or illegally) by anyone.   OurChurch.Com will delete any User Services Data from any OurChurch.Com websites or services at the verified request of the User.  However, OurChurch.Com takes no responsibility for the public disclosure of User Services Data, and does not have the ability to remove any User Services Data that may be reproduced by a 3rd party, whether that is done legally or illegally.For example, if a User uses our website builder to publish a photo, the user can delete that photo or request OurChurch.Com delete the photo from the OurChurch.Com service. However, if someone saves that photo and publishes it on another website, that is not our responsibility and we cannot do anything to remove it.OurChurch.Com saves User Services Data for 6 months after a User’s service is cancelled or suspended. After 6 months it is deleted. 1.7) Client DataOurChurch.Com creates and manages websites for its Users and Customers.  These Users’ and Customers’ websites may also collect data from their visitors and users.  We refer to this data as “Client Data.”Client Data includes automatically collected client data that is recorded in web hosting logs, and includes no personally identifiable data. We may automatically record certain information from the Client Visitor’s device by using various types of technology, including cookies. This “automatically collected” information may include IP address or other device address or ID, web browser and/or device type, the web pages or sites visited just before or just after using the website, the pages or other content the Client Visitor views or interacts with on the website, and the dates and times of the visit, access, or the website.Users and Customers may collect other Client Data such as user subscriber data, contact form data, prayer request data, and blog comments.  The collection, storage and use of this Client Data is the responsibility of the User/Customer.  Each User/Customer is responsible for creating and publishing their own privacy policy. Visitors to each User/Customer website should refer to the privacy policy on that site for information about how that User/Customer collects, stores and uses their Client Data.2) Data RetentionWe will retain your data for no longer than necessary, taking into account the following:whether we have any legal obligation to continue to process your information (such as any record-keeping obligations imposed by relevant law or regulation)whether it is necessary to continue to store that data in order to continue to perform our obligations under a contract or our terms of service agreementwhether the you have requested your data to be deletedYou have the right to request your data be deleted. However, if we are legally required to keep some of your data (e.g. transaction data for financial/tax regulations), that legal requirement trumps your request. If we have to keep your data to be able to continue to provide a service, you will have to cancel the service before your data can be deleted.A request for data deletion does not void a contract or terms of service agreement. Refer to the cancellation policy in your contract or terms of service before requesting cancellation as it may include information about penalties, cancellation fees and notification requirements.3) GDPR-Prescribed Rights for EU CitizensSubject to certain limitations on certain rights, European Union citizens have the following rights in relation to your data:to request access to your datato request the correction of your datato request the deletion of your datato object to the processing of your information for certain purposesto withdraw your consent to our use of your information at any time where we rely on your consent to use or process that information. Please note that if you withdraw your consent, this will not affect the lawfulness of our use and processing of your information on the basis of your consent before the point in time when you withdraw your consent.4) Data Controller and Contact InformationIf you have any questions about this privacy policy or you wish to exercise your rights prescribed in this policy, you may do so by writing to OurChurch.Com, Inc. 1906 Firefern Ct #107, Trinity, FL 34695 or sending an email to support (at) ourchurch (dot) com About Us – Statement of Faith – Our Staff Log In
Forgot password?
Remember meLogin
By continuing to browse our site you agree to our use of cookies and GDPR-compliant Privacy Policy Find out more.I accept