http://www.icesports.com/corporate/privacy-statement.aspx
Skip over navigation
HomeProducts & ServicesPartnersPrivacy StatementLegal NoticeProfileWho We AreExecutive ProfileCustomer Service CharterLatest NewsFacility ListingsContact UsInvestorsCorporate GovernanceReports and FilingsStock InformationConstating DocumentsPartnershipsLease or Acquisition OpportunitiesFacility ConsultingContract Management ServicesAdvertiseCANLAN CARESCareers
Go
Statement Documents
Déclaration de Confidentialité      Privacy Statement      Protecting Privacy Makes Good Sense
Privacy statement
Privacy Policy
At Canlan Ice Sports Corp™, we respect and protect the privacy of our customers and those who use our websites. The following Privacy Statement provides details about how your personal information is collected and used. This privacy statement applies tothe network of Canlan Ice Sports Corp websites, products and services that are located in, but not limited to the icesports.com canlanicesports.com, canlanclassictournaments.com, ashl.ca, ashlonline.com and ashl.net domains.
Information Collection and Use Canlan Ice Sports Corp is the sole owner of information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. Canlan Ice Sports Corp collects information from our users at several different points on our website. Our websites offer several opportunities for visitors to register for promotional and informational mailings. These registration forms are often linked to Canlan Ice Sports Corp's mailing lists and require users to give contact information (such as name and email address). We use this contact information to send users information about our company and its products and services if requested or necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings at any time (see the choice/opt-out section below).
Sharing and Usage We will never share, sell, or rent your personal information with third parties for their promotional use. Occasionally, we enter into contracts with third parties so that they can assist us in servicing you (for example, providing customer service). The contracts prohibit them from using any of your personal information for their own purposes, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of the information we provide to them. We may disclose or report personal information in limited circumstances where we believe in good faith that disclosure is required under the law. For example, we may be required to disclose personal information to cooperate with regulators or law enforcement authorities, to comply with a legal process such as court order, subpoena, search warrant, or law enforcement request.
Use of Web Technologies We use a variety of technologies on our sites. Among these are cookies; a piece of information that our websites provide to your browser when you visit our sites. Cookies allow us to verify the login status of customers using products or services linked directly with our website, track point of entry to point of registration for those users participating in our affiliate signup programs, and to track and measure the success of a particular marketing campaign. Cookies also allow us to track overall site usage and determine areas users prefer, enabling us to make your visit to our websites easier by recognizing you when you return and helping to provide you with a customized experience. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. If you choose to disable cookies, you may still use our site; however, you may have limited access to some areas within our websites. We may access and set cookies using web beacons, also known as single pixel GIFs which are invisible graphical images. These web beacons provide us useful information regarding our site such as which pages users’ access. When we send you emails, we may include a single-pixel GIF to allow us to determine the number of people who open our emails. When you click on a link in an email, we record this individual response to allow us to customize our offerings to you. We also keep track of activity on our website via log files stored on our web servers. We collect information such as IP address, browser type and version, and pages you view. We also keep track of how you got to our site and any links you click on to leaveour site. Once you leave our site, we do not track you. We use your website activity to assist us in offering you a personalized Web experience, assist you with technical support, diagnose problems with our server, and administer our websites and to tailor our product and service offerings to you.
Links Some of our sites provide links to third-party websites, such asthose of our business partners and online advertisers. While on these sites, Canlan Ice Sports Corp or its partners may collect information about you. Because Canlan Ice Sports Corp does not control the information policies or practices of these third parties, you should review their privacy policies to learn more about how they collect and use personally identifiable information.
Security While we strive to protect your Personal Information, we cannot ensure the security of the information you transmit.We take every precaution to protect the confidentiality and security of your personal information by using industry-recognized security safeguards such as firewalls, coupled with carefully developed security procedures to protect your information from loss,
misuse or unauthorized alteration. When we ask for sensitive information, such as credit card numbers, we protect it through the use of encryption during transmission, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.  Canlan Ice Sports Corp takes care to reinforce the importance of our website visitors' security and privacy among our employees   Our employees are trained and required to safeguard your information and, using physical, electronic and procedural safeguards,we restrict access to personal information to those employees and agents for business purposes only. Additionally, we use internal and external resources to review the adequacy of our security procedures.
Choice/Opt-out Canlan Ice Sports Corp provides users the opportunity to opt-in, opt-out or change preferences via a link in the footer of mostemail messages. These options are made available when you sign-up for our email lists and in email messages delivered from our company. Alternatively, you may email our Privacy Officer.
Notification of Changes If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on www.icesports.com so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
Canlan Ice Sports Corp. Shoot2Score SMS Program
Receive special text offers and deals from Canlan Ice Sports Corp. through your mobile device. Text PLAY to 28767 in Canada, and 80565 in U.S. to receive 4 text messages per month with national deals. Message and data rates may apply.
By opting in to this service, you consent to receive mobile text alerts using an automatic telephone dialling system. Consent to receive marketing text messages is not required as a condition of purchasing any goods or services. By signing up, you are confirming you are over the age of 13.
STOP Information
Text STOP to 28767 in Canada, and 80565 in U.S. to stop receiving At Your Service messages from Canlan Ice Sports Corp. (you will receive a confirmation text).
HELP Information
For additional information, text 28767 in Canada, and 80565 in U.S., email us at marketing@icesports.com or call us at 1-416-661-4423.
Supported carriers are:
--Canada: Aliant Mobility, Bell Mobility, Fido, Mobilicity, MTS Mobility, NothernTel Mobility, Rogers Wireless, Sasktel Mobility, Télébec Mobilité, TELUS Mobility, Vidéotron, Virgin Mobile Canada, WIND Mobile
--US: AT&T, Sprint, T-Mobile®, Verizon Wireless, Boost, Cricket, MetroPCS, U.S. Cellular, Virgin Mobile, ACS Wireless, Appalachian Wireless, Bluegrass Cellular, Carolina West Wireless, Cellcom, C-Spire Wireless (formerly Cellsouth), Cellular One of East Central Illinois, Cincinnati Bell Wireless, Cross (dba Sprocket), Duet IP, Element Mobile, EpicTouch, GCI Communications, Golden State, Hawkeye (Chat Mobility), Hawkeye (NW Missouri Cellular), Illinois Valley Cellular, Immix (Keystone Wireless / PC Management), Inland Cellular, iWireless, Mobi PCS (Coral Wireless LLC), Mosaic, MTPCS / Cellular One (Cellone Nation), Nex-Tech Wireless, nTelos, Panhandle Telecommunications, Peoples Wireless, Pioneer, Plateau, Revol Wireless, Rina - Custer, Rina - All West, Rina - Cambridge Telecom Coop, Rina - Eagle Valley Comm, Rina - Farmers Mutual Telephone Co, Rina - Nucla Nutria Telephone Co, Rina - Silver Star, Rina - South Central Comm, Rina - Syringa, Rina - UBET, Rina - Manti, South Canaan / CellularOne of NEPA, Thumb Cellular, Union Wireless, United, Viaero Wireless, West Central Wireless, Leaco, Nemont/Sagebrush
Canlan Ice Sports Corp. is not liable for delayed or undelivered messages.
Contact Us
Canlan Ice Sports (Corporate west)
6501 Sprott St.Burnaby, BC
V5B 3B8604-736-9152
Follow Us
Canlan Ice Sports (CORPORATE EAST)
989 Murray Ross PkwayToronto, ON
M3J 3M4
POPULAR SERVICES
Facility Listings
CAREERS
SPONSORSHIP & ADVERTISING
LATEST NEWS
Privacy Policy
Legal Notice
Site Map
© CANLAN ICE SPORTS CORP. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.