https://www.nhl.com/predators/arena/nashville-predators-privacy-policy
Skip to Main Content
The Official Site of the Nashville Predators
Schedule
Schedule
2019-20 Season Schedule
TV & Radio Schedule
Practice Schedule
Smashville Live Radio Show
Viewing Parties
Sync & Print
Schedule Sync
Printable Schedule (PDF)
Bridgestone Arena Events
Bridgestone Arena Schedule Sync
News
News
Latest Headlines
Press Releases
Preds Official Podcast
Broadcaster Blogs
Community & Preds Foundation
Practice Ponderings
Preds Prospects
Training Camp
Stanley Cup Playoffs
Nissan Game Day
Game Previews
Projected Lineups
Game Recaps
Video
Preds TV
Preds Video
Game Day
Game Highlights
Game Recaps
Community & Foundation
Golden Moments
Preds Mic'd Up
Erie Seriously Good Saves
NHL.tv
Team
Team
Predators Roster
Players in the System
Predators Affiliates
All-Time Alphabetical Roster
All-Time Jersey Numbers
History
Predators History
Franchise Timeline
Franchise Records
Logo & Jersey History
All-Time Transactions
All-Stars & Awards
Resources
Contract Tracker
Injury Report
Full Staff Directory
Internships
Partnership Inquiry
Tickets
Tickets
Ticketing Central
Smashville Holiday Fan Pass
Join the Loyal Legion
Single-Game Tickets
Discounts & Theme Nights
2020-21 Season Tickets
Group Tickets
Premium Seating
Your Experience
MySmashvilleTix
Season-Ticket Benefits
Mobile Ticketing Info
NHL Ticket Exchange
Purchase Parking
3D Seat Viewer
Arena Virtual Tour
Preds Perks
Stats
Stats & Standings
Season Stats
Game-by-Game Results
Record vs. All Teams
Team Comparison
All-Time Draft Picks
All-Time Goalie Stats
All-Time Skater Stats
Standings
Divisional Standings
Wild Card Standings
Conference Standings
League Standings
Standings
Community
Preds Foundation
Preds Foundation
Annual Events
365 Pediatric Cancer Fund
Grants
Newsletter Sign Up
Zamboni Ride Request
Penalty Box Experience
Scoreboard Announcement
Community
Community Central
Donations & Requests
Give & Go Program
Corporate Partnerships
SuperGrants
Jack Diller Education Award
Preds License Plate
Player Initiatives
Fans
Fan Zone
Preds on Social Media
Preds Email Sign Up
Redeemable Rewards
Download Backgrounds & Wallpapers
Preds Energy Team
GNASH
Kids Club
15 Seconds of Fame
Experience
Directions & Parking
Common Questions
Bridgestone Arena Policies
Virtual Tour of Arena
In-Arena Playlist
Lost & Found
Viewing Parties
Preds Approved Locations
Youth Hockey
Youth Hockey
G.O.A.L!
Little Preds Learn to Play
Preds Girls Hockey
Hockey School
Preds Goaltending Camp
Hockey Rules Tour
Street Hockey
Future Goals: Hockey Scholar
Coach's Corner
Preds Mini 1-on-1
Recreational Hockey
Ford Ice Center
Where to Play
Bridgestone Arena On-Ice Opportunities
Rise & Grind Hockey
Pucks & Pints Hockey
Predators Cup
Media
Photos, Audio & Media
Predators App
Preds Official Podcast
Stream Preds Games
Predators Radio
Off Ice with Ida & Julie
Smashville Live Radio Show
Photo Galleries
Resources
Media Press Box
2019-20 Media Guide
2017-18 Preds Yearbook
Shop
Shop
Nashville Locker Room
Game-Worn Jerseys Shop
Predators Foundation Auction
NHL Shop
NHL Shop
NHL Auction
Teams
Eastern Conference
Atlantic
Boston
Buffalo
Detroit
Florida
Montréal
Ottawa
Tampa Bay
Toronto
Metropolitan
Carolina
Columbus
New Jersey
NY Islanders
NY Rangers
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Washington
Western Conference
Central
Chicago
Colorado
Dallas
Minnesota
Nashville
St. Louis
Winnipeg
Pacific
Anaheim
Arizona
Calgary
Edmonton
Los Angeles
San Jose
Vancouver
Vegas
Seattle
Coming 2021-2022 Season
Bridgestone Arena
Privacy Policy
This Policy was last updated on Sept. 3, 2020. INTRODUCTION Nashville Hockey Club, L.P. (also referred to herein as "we," "us," and "our") is committed to protecting the privacy and security of the personal information we collect, use, share and otherwise process as part of our business. We are committed to informing you about how we treat identifiable information relating to individuals ("personal information").We have established this Privacy Policy to inform you about the privacy practices that we apply to personal information for the activities listed below. PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY TO UNDERSTAND HOW WE TREAT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION AND WHAT CHOICES AND RIGHTS YOU HAVE IN   THIS REGARD. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS POLICY, YOU SHOULD NOT ACCESS OR USE THE SITE OR ENGAGE IN COMMUNICATIONS WITH US CONCERNING OUR SERVICES. WHAT PROCESSING ACTIVITIES ARE COVERED?  This Privacy Policy applies to personal information we collect when you: Visit our website, www.nhl.com/predators (the "Site");
Receive electronic communications from us, including emails and social media messaging; and Request information from us online via the Site.This Policy does not apply to the website for Ford Ice Center, which maintains its own Privacy Policy at https://www.nhl.com/predators/fordicecenter/privacy-policy. WHO IS RESPONSIBLE FOR YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?We are responsible for implementing the applicable data protection principles and for safeguarding the personal information you provide to us through our Site. If you are a user in the European Union (the "EU") or European Economic Area ("EEA"), for purposes of the EU General Data Protection Regulation, 2016/679 (the "GDPR"), we act as a data controller with respect to the personal information we collect from you. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?  We may collect and process the following personal information from you for the purposes set forth below:
Category
Types of Data and Purpose
Contact Information
When you visit the Site, register for events or programs with us, or request our services, we may ask you for your name, address, telephone number, fax number, email address, or other contact details in order to respond to your request or inquiry. This enables us to improve our relationship and communication with you and to offer you goods and services which may be of interest or benefit to you.
Business Information
When you seek services from us in the course of contractual or customer relationships between you, your organization, and us, we collect business contact information, including your job title and company's name, and other personal information in order to provide you with the services you have requested.
Cookies and Similar Technologies
When you visit the Site, we, the National Hockey League (NHL), and other third parties may place cookies and use similar technologies in connection with the nhl.com domain. We, therefore, do not control all of the cookies or similar technologies that are used. For more information regarding the NHL's privacy practices, please see the NHL's Privacy Policy or contact the NHL at Privacy, NHL Enterprises, L.P., 1185 Avenue of the Americas, New York, NY 10036.
Automated Information
When you visit the Site, the National Hockey League (NHL), and other third parties may automatically collect information from your browser or your mobile device, which includes the date and time of your visit, your Internet Protocol (IP) address or unique device identifier, domain server, your browser type, access time, cookies, and data about which pages you visit in order to allow us to operate and provide the Site and our services. This information is used to understand how you interact with the Site and to provide you with advertising and a more personalized experience.
Your Communications
When you communicate with us, we may retain your communications in order to process and respond to them, as well as to improve our services. We may use your email address to communicate with you about our events and services or send you periodic emails if you decide to opt-in to any of our mailing lists. If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you may unsubscribe using the link at the bottom of each email.
Location Information
When you use the Site, we may collect information about your location and use of the Site, including your interaction with advertising and analytics services on the Site, in order to (a) serve you the content and functionality you request, and (b) maintain the privacy and security of the Site and services. Location information collected may include your Internet Protocol (IP) address and unique device identifier.
Email Interconnectivity
If you receive email communications from us, we may use certain tools to capture data related to if/when you open our message and if/when you click on any links or banners it contains. Other information collected through this email tracking feature includes: your email address, the date and time of your "click" on the email, a message number, the name of the list from which the message was sent, a tracking URL number, and a destination page. We use this information to enhance our marketing efforts.
Preds Email List
When you sign up for our Preds Email List, we collect your contact information, including your first and last names, email address, and zip code. We use this information to contact you about events and services that may be of interest to you.
Sensitive Personal Information
We may collect information regarding your racial or ethnic origin, gender, financial information. We will collect this sensitive personal information with your express consent or as otherwise permitted by applicable law.
Third Party Information
In addition to the information that we collect from you directly, we may also receive information about you from other sources, including third parties, business partners, our affiliates, or publicly-available sources.
Contact Us
If you choose to contact us via the Contact Us form on the Site, we will collect your first and last names, job title, industry, country, email address, telephone number, and the information that you choose to include in your message to us so that we can receive and respond to you request if needed. We may request that you provide additional information relevant to the support requested. This information helps us direct your request and respond more quickly to your needs.
Employment Positions
If you apply for a job or become an employee, we collect personal information necessary to process your application or employment. To create an account for employment applications, we collect your first and last names, email address, password, and telephone number in order to create and maintain the account you have requested. In the application, we collect information including, among other things, your contact information, emergency contact information, your social security number, employment history, educational history, skills, and competencies.
Social Media Engagements
When you engage with any of the social media platforms under our management, or the management of our corporate subsidiaries and affiliates, we will collect and aggregate the personal information that is tied to your account (for example, your name, username, email address, and location) and your engagement with us, including all content, messages, and information that you provide to us. We may also utilize a chatbot when responding to direct messages from you. We aggregate and use the information collected to develop and improve our services and marketing efforts and to contact you about events and services that may be of interest to you.
Registrations for Promotional Activities and Special Events
In order to participate in our promotional activities, we collect your first and last names, street address, city, state, zip code, telephone number, email address, date of birth, educational information, the date and time of the event, company/group name, group/company taxID number, job title, and other comments that you choose to provide in order to register your participation and to carry out the promotion or event. If the participant is a minor, we also collect parent/guardian's first and last names and contact information.
Lost and Found
If you report lost items by filling out the form on the Site, we will collect your first and last names, street address, city, state, zip code, country, email address, and telephone number as well as your item's description, name, category, lost date, location, section, row, seat, and a photo of the lost item. We use this information to fulfill your request.
HOW WE USE PERSONAL INFORMATION We collect and use the types of personal information listed above in an effort to operate our business, to improve your experience on the Site, to provide services to you, and to communicate with you about the information you have requested. We may also use personal information to help target specific offers to you and to help us develop and improve the Site and our events and services. Additionally, we may use your personal information in the following ways: To provide you with the services you have requested and to manage our relationship with you, including administering your account, processing payments, accounting, auditing, billing and collection, and taking other steps necessary to the performance of our business relationship with you; To present and improve the Site's content and functionality; To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs); To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs); To respond to visitor, subscriber, and customer inquiries; To determine user interests, needs, and preferences; To provide notice of changes to the Site or the services we offer or provide through it; To deliver services to you;
To provide you with access to publications such as our newsletter; To comply with your instructions; To conduct research and analysis; To improve our events and services; To develop new events and services; To manage and maintain the security of the Site and our services; To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature (We may periodically run a contest, sweepstakes, or survey relating to the Site. When we run a contest or sweepstakes relating to the Site, it will be accompanied by a set of rules. The rules for each contest/sweepstakes will specify how the information gathered from you for entry will be used and disclosed.); To market our services and events to you or to send you information about our company, including our affiliates, or events or services that may be of interest to you, or to contact you when necessary. We will only provide you with marketing-related information after you have, where legally required to do so, opted in to receive those communications and having provided you with the opportunity to opt-out of such communications at any time;
To comply with our legal and compliance obligations, including maintaining records, performing compliance audits, etc.; For insurance purposes; To exercise and defend our legal rights, or to comply with court orders; For any other purpose related to and/or ancillary to any of the purposes and uses described in this Policy for which your personal information was provided to us; Pursuant to your consent; In any other way we may describe when you provide the information; For any other purpose to which you have consented or for which we have a legal basis under law; and To send periodic emails, including information and updates pertaining to your account.We may process your personal information in connection with any of the purposes and uses set out in this Policy on one or more of the following legal grounds: Because it is necessary to perform the services you have requested or to comply with your instructions or other contractual obligations between you and us; To comply with our legal obligations as well as to keep records of our compliance processes;
Because our legitimate interests, or those of a third-party recipient of your personal information, make the processing necessary, provided those interests are not overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms;
Because it is necessary to protect your vital interests;
Because it is necessary in the public interest; or Because you have expressly given us your consent to process your personal information in a particular manner.We do not use your personal information for making any automated decisions affecting or creating profiles other than as described above. Is entry of personal information required? You may choose not to provide us with any personal information, and you may still access and use much of the Site. Some pages on the Site may give you the option of providing certain of your personal information about yourself. However, you will not be able to access any portions of the Site that require your personal information. If you want to change any information about yourself that you have submitted, you may contact us via the contact methods listed at the end of this Policy. SHARING AND DISCLOSING OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION  We may share your information in the following contexts, where permitted by law:
Category
Disclosure Contexts
Affiliates, Subsidiaries and Acquisitions
We may share your personal information with our corporate subsidiaries and affiliates, other members of the NHL Family, and with their respective officers, directors, employees, accountants, attorneys and agents. Please see the NHL's privacy policy at NHL.com for more information, including about your choices to opt out of NHL marketing. In addition, we may disclose your personal information in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our company assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us about the Site's users is among the assets transferred. For example, if another company acquires us, we will share your personal information with that company. For purposes of this Privacy Policy, "NHL Family" means the NHL and each of its respective affiliates.
Disclosures With Your Consent
We may ask if you would like us to share your personal information with other unaffiliated third parties who are not described elsewhere in this Policy. We will only disclose your personal information in this context with your consent.
Disclosures Without Your Consent
We may disclose your personal information in response to subpoenas, warrants, court orders or other legal process, or to comply with relevant laws. We may also share your personal information in order to establish or exercise our legal rights, to defend against a legal claim, to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding possible illegal activities, suspected fraud, safety of person or property.
Third Parties
We may provide personal information about you to third parties, including partners, event organizers and promoters, and others that may offer products, events, or services specifically requested by you or that we think may be of interest to you.
Service Providers
We may share your personal information with our service providers that need access to your information to provide operational or other support services on our behalf. Among other things, service providers may help us to administer the Site; support our provision of services requested by you; provide technical support; perform modeling and analytics; send marketing, promotions and communications to you about our services or events; provide payment processing; and assist with other legitimate purposes permitted by law.
Aggregated Data
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any specific individual, such as groupings of demographic data and customer preferences, for new product and marketing development.
HOW LONG DO WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?  We will retain your personal information as needed to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected. We will retain and use your personal information as long as necessary to comply with our business requirements and legal obligations, to resolve disputes, to protect our assets, to provide our services, and to enforce our agreements. When we no longer have a purpose to retain your personal information, we will securely destroy your personal information in accordance with applicable law and our policies. We take reasonable steps to delete the personal information we collect if your registration to use the Site lapses and you opt out of receiving further communications from us, or if you ask us to delete your information, unless we determine that doing so would violate our existing, legitimate legal, regulatory, dispute resolution, contractual, or similar obligations. To the extent permitted by law, we may retain and use anonymous and aggregated information for performance reporting, benchmarking, and analytic purposes and for product and service improvement. HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION? We have put security measures in place to protect the personal information that you share with us from being accidentally lost, used, altered, or disclosed or accessed in an unauthorized manner. From time to time, we review our security procedures to consider appropriate new technology and methods. We use a secure server. While our security measures seek to protect your personal information in our possession, no security system is perfect, and no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to or from our Site, and you do so at your own risk. We cannot promise that your personal information will remain absolutely secure in all circumstances. The safety and security of your personal information also depends on you. Where you use a password for access to restricted parts of the Site, you are responsible for keeping the password confidential. Do not share your password with anyone.If a security breach causes an unauthorized intrusion into our Site or systems that compromises your data, we will notify you and any applicable regulator when we are required to do so by applicable law. RIGHTS AND CHOICES ABOUT HOW WE USE AND DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATION Please use the Contact Us details at the end of this Policy to exercise your rights and choices under this Policy. If you would like to manage, change, limit, or delete your personal information or if you no longer want to receive any email, postal mail, or telephone contact from us or our affiliates in the future, such requests may be submitted via the Contact Us details at the end of this Policy. Email Opt-Out. If you no longer wish to receive communications from us via email, you may opt-out by clicking the "unsubscribe" link available at the bottom of our email communications or by contacting us at privacyinfo@nashvillepredators.com and providing your full name, mailing address, phone number, and email address so that we may identify you in the opt-out process. Once we receive your instruction, we will promptly take corrective action. Cookies. You may be able to set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of the Site may then be inaccessible or not function properly. For more information on how to modify your browser settings to block or filter cookies, visit http://www.aboutcookies.org/ or http://www.cookiecentral.com/faq/. You may learn more about internet advertising practices and related consumer resources at
http://www.aboutads.info/consumers/, http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices, and http://youronlinechoices.eu/. Updating Your Personal Information. If any of the personal information you have provided to us changes, please let us know. For instance, if your email address changes, you may wish to cancel any request you have made of us; or, if you become aware of inaccurate personal information about you, you may use the "Contact Us" details provided at the end of this Policy to update your information. We are not responsible for any losses arising from any inaccurate, inauthentic, deficient or incomplete personal data that you provide to us. Right of Access. If required by law (e.g. under the GDPR), upon request, we will grant reasonable access to the personal information that we hold about you. Accuracy. Our goal is to keep your personal information accurate, current, and complete. Please contact us if you believe your information is not accurate or if it changes. Right to Object. In certain circumstances, if permitted under applicable law, you have the right to object to processing of your personal information and to ask us to erase or restrict our use of your personal information. If you would like us to stop using your personal information, please contact us, and we will let you know if we are able to agree to your request. Right to Erasure and Deletion of Your Personal Information. You may have a legal right (for instance, if you are located in the EU or EEA under the GDPR) to request that we delete your personal information when it is no longer necessary for the purposes for which it was collected, or when, among other things, your personal information has been unlawfully processed. All deletion requests should be sent to the address noted in the "Contact Us" section of this Policy, and we will fulfill requests to the extent required by applicable law. If you would like us to delete your personal information, please contact us, and we will let you know if we are able to agree to your request. We may decide to delete your personal information if we believe it is incomplete, inaccurate, or that our continued storage of your personal information is contrary to our legal obligations or business objectives. When we delete personal information, it will be removed from our active servers and databases as well as the Site; but, it may remain in our archives when it is not practical or possible to delete it. We may also retain your personal information as needed to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, or enforce any agreements. Right to Withdraw Consent. If you have provided your consent to the collection, processing, and transfer of your personal information, you may have the right to fully or partially withdraw your consent. To withdraw your consent, please notify us using the information in the "Contact Us" section of this Policy, or you may follow opt-out links on any marketing communications sent to you. Once we have received notice that you have withdrawn your consent, in whole or in part, we will no longer process your information for the purpose(s) to which you originally consented and have since withdrawn unless there are compelling legitimate grounds for further processing that override your interests, rights and freedoms or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims. Withdrawal of consent to receive marketing communications will not affect the processing of personal information for the provision of our services. Right to Complain. If you believe that your rights relating to your personal information have been violated, you have a right to lodge a complaint with the applicable enforcement authority, or seek a remedy through the courts. You may also lodge a complaint with us by contacting us using the information provided in the "Contact Us" section of this Policy. Online Tracking. We do not currently recognize browser settings or signals of tracking preferences, which may include "Do Not Track" instructions. "Do Not Track" is a web browser setting that seeks to disable the tracking of individual users' browsing activities. We adhere to the standards set out in this Policy and do not currently respond to "Do Not Track" signals on the Site or on third-party websites or online services where we may collect information. California Residents. Under California Civil Code Section 1798.83, California residents who provide personal information in obtaining products or services for personal, family, or household use may be entitled to request and obtain from us once a calendar year information about the information we shared, if any, with other businesses for direct marketing uses. At present, we do not share your personal information with third parties for those third parties' direct marketing purposes. Please be aware that not all information sharing is covered by the "Shine the Light" requirements and only information on covered sharing, if any, will be included in our response. As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our site may make any changes to their information at any time by contacting us at privacyinfo@nashvillepredators.com. Nevada Residents. Effective October 1, 2019, you may submit a verified request to us at privacyinfo@nashvillepredators.com to request that we not make any sale (as defined under Nevada law) of any covered information (as defined under Nevada law) that we have collected or will collect about you. We will respond to any such request as required by Nevada law. European Union or European Economic Area Residents. If you are located in the EU or EEA and believe we have not processed your personal information in accordance with applicable provisions of the EU GDPR, we encourage you to contact us at privacyinfo@nashvillepredators.com. You may also have the right to make a GDPR complaint to the relevant Supervisory Authority. A list of Supervisory Authorities is available at: https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en. If you need further assistance regarding your rights, please contact us using the contact information provided below and we will consider your request in accordance with applicable law. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS OF PERSONAL INFORMATION We are located and established in the United States and, therefore, your personal information may be transferred to, stored, or processed in the United States. While the data protection, privacy and other laws of the United States might not be as comprehensive as those in your country, we take necessary and appropriate steps to protect the privacy and security of your personal information. By using the Site or requesting services from us, you understand and consent to the collection, storage, processing, and transfer of your information to our facilities in the United States and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this Policy. Residents of the EU/EEA. When storing, hosting, or otherwise processing your information (including personal data), we may send such data outside of the European Union (EU) and the European Economic Area (EEA). When we transfer information to the United States or other countries, we do so for the purposes set forth in this Privacy Policy and in accordance with applicable law. We rely on recognized legal bases to lawfully conduct cross-border/international transfers of personal information outside of the EU and EEA, such as your express informed consent to do so (as noted above), when transfer is necessary for us to deliver services pursuant to an agreement between us and you, or when the transfer is subject to safeguards that assure the protection of your personal information, such as the European Commission's approved standard contractual clauses. THIRD-PARTY SITES This Policy is applicable only to the Site, and it does not apply to any third-party websites.  The Site may contain links to, and media and other content from, third-party websites. These links are to external websites and third parties with which we have no relationship. Because of the dynamic media capabilities of the Site, it may not be clear to you which links are to the Site and which are to external, third party websites. If you click on an embedded third-party link, you will be redirected away from the Site to the external third-party website. You can check the URL to confirm that you have left this Site. We cannot and do not (i) guarantee the adequacy of the privacy and security practices employed by or the content and media provided by any third parties or their websites, (ii) control third parties' independent collection or use or your personal information, or (iii) endorse any third-party information, products, services or websites that may be reached through embedded links on this Site. Any personal information provided by you or automatically collected from you by a third party will be governed by that party's privacy policy and terms of use. If you are unsure whether a website is controlled, affiliated, or managed by us, you should review the privacy policy and practices applicable to each linked website. CHILDREN'S ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT COMPLIANCE The Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA"), as well as other data privacy regulations, restrict the collection, use, or disclosure of personal information from and about children on the Internet. Our Site and services are not directed to children aged 13 or younger, nor is information knowingly collected from children under the age of 13. No one under the age of 13 may access, browse, or use the Site or provide any information to or on the Site. If you are under 13, please do not use or provide any information on the Site (including, for example, your name, telephone number, email address, and username). If we learn that we have collected or received personal information from a child under the age of 13 without a parent's or legal guardian's consent, we will take steps to stop collecting that information and delete it. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under the age of 13 without his/her parent's consent, please contact us using the contact information provided below. For more information about COPPA, please visit the Federal Trade Commission's website here.  UPDATES AND CHANGES TO THIS POLICY We reserve the right, at any time and without notice, to add to, change, update, or modify this Policy to reflect any changes to the way in which we treat your personal information or in response to changes in law. Should this Policy change, we will post all changes we make to this Policy on this page. If we make material changes to how we treat your personal information, we will also notify you through a notice on the home page of the Site for a reasonable period of time. Any such changes, updates or modifications shall be effective immediately upon posting on the Site. The date on which this policy was last modified is identified at the beginning of this Policy. You are expected to, and you acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to, carefully review this Policy prior to using the Site, and from time to time, so you are aware of any changes. Your continued use of the Site after the "Last Modified" date will constitute your acceptance of and agreement to such changes and to our collection and sharing of your personal information according to the terms of the then-current Policy. If you do not agree with this Policy and our practices, do not access, view, or use any part of the Site. CONTACT US For more information, or if you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, wish to exercise your rights, or wish to lodge a complaint with us, you may contact us using the information below, and we will do our best to assist you. Please note, if your communication is sensitive, you may wish to contact us by postal mail or telephone. In Writing: 501 Broadway, Nashville, TN 37203By Telephone: 615-770-2136By Email: privacyinfo@nashvillepredators.com