https://www.ramsgate-fc.co.uk/privacy-policy/
HomeClub Shop 12th ManContactNewsTeamsSquad First TeamUnder 23'sYouth TeamsFixtures and ResultsLeague TableWhere To Find UsClubThe StadiumRisk AssessmentEventsThe SouthwoodHistoryGalleriesJobs at RamsgateInformationCommercialPartnersAdvertisingMatch Day SponsorMatch Ball SponsorSponsorshipProgramme AdvertisingHospitalityBusiness DirectoryMatchdayMatch Fixtures ParkingDisabled SupportersRamsgate FC Youth TeamsYouth Registration Academy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This website, www.ramsgate-fc.co.uk/ (“Site”) is owned and operated by Ramsgate Football Club.
This Privacy Policy sets out how we use and look after the personal information we collect from you. We are the data controller, responsible for the processing of any personal data you give us. We take care to keep your information secure and to prevent any unauthorised access or use to this information.
References to “we”, “us” and “our” in this policy are all references to Ramsgate Football Club
How to Contact Us About Your Personal Data or This Privacy Policy
If you have any questions, comments or feedback about this privacy policy or about the personal data we have collected from you, stored or used please email us at Media@ramsgate-fc.co.uk or write to us at the following address:
General Manager
Ramsgate Football Club
Prices Avenue
Ramsgate
Kent
CT11  0AA
What Personal Data We Hold on You
When you use the Site, contact us by post, telephone, fax, email, mobile messaging, completing forms, or face-to-face communication, we may collect, store and use this personal information you have disclosed to us.
Personal data means any information about an individual (“you”) from which that an individual can be identified.
We collect, use, store and transfer some of the personal data of our members/supporters/stakeholders [and their parents or guardians].
The information we may collect from you may include forename, surname date of birth, sexuality, ethnicity, address, e-mail address, phone number and gender. We also may ask for relevant health information, which is classed as a special category of personal data. This is for the purposes of your health, wellbeing, welfare and safeguarding. Where we hold this data, it will be with the explicit consent of the member or, if applicable, the member’s parent or guardian.
Where we need to collect personal data to fulfil Club responsibilities and where you do not provide that data, we may not be able to honour or administer your membership, season ticket,  ticket fulfilment or other contractual obligation.
Please note, this website contains links to other/3rd party websites which are provided for your convenience. We are only responsible for our privacy practices and security of this site. We recommend that you check the privacy and security policies and procedures of each and every other website that you visit or organisation you engage with.
By using this website and/or giving your information to us, you indicate your consent to us and our commercial partners collecting and using your personal information in accordance with the terms set out in this policy.
We may need to change the terms of this Policy from time to time and changes will be posted on this page (and/or where appropriate, otherwise notified to you direct). Your continued use of the Site or engaging with us will be deemed to be acceptance of amendments we make.
Why We Need Your Personal Data
All personal information that we collect about you will be recorded, used, transported and protected by us in accordance with applicable GDPR legislation and this privacy policy. We may supplement the information that you provide with other information that we obtain from our dealings with you or which we receive from other 3rd parties & organisations, for example, our sponsors and partners.
We will only use personal data for any purpose for which it has been specifically provided.
How We Use Your Personal Data
We request that the information you provide is as accurate as possible. This purpose is this allows us to secure your privacy by differentiating you from others, and creating a “profile” for you so that we can provide a personalised service when you visit the Site and/or we send you marketing. Periodically we may from time to time send you an email asking you to “Update your Details” you have provided.
When you go to the update the details section of your account you will be able to specify what we can contact you regarding. There are two options to opt-in or out of which are highlighted below:
– Opt-in to receive communication from Ramsgate Football Club – by opting-in to this you will receive regular updates, promotions and information regarding ticketing, hospitality, conferences & events, retail, competitions, newsletters, breaking news and any information that is relevant to you.
– Opt-in to receive updates from official Ramsgate Football Club's partners and selected third parties – by opting-in to this you will receive offers and information from official club partners and selected third parties that the club work with.
If you leave both options unticked the club will no longer contact you.
The more information you tell us about yourself, the more we can tailor our communication to your needs. Use of services accessed through the Site may require you to provide further or specific types of information.
Who we share your personal data with
When you become a member of the Club, your information, if you are a coach or volunteer will be or if you are another participant may be (depending upon which league(s) your team plays in) entered onto the Whole Game System database, which is administered by the FA. We also pass your information to the County FA and to leagues to register participants and the team for matches, tournaments or other events, and for affiliation purposes.
We Use Information About You for These Primary Purposes:
To perform the services and contractual agreements between you and us, where you have requested, such as sending you our newsletters and other information about us or supply goods and/or services. The type of information we may use could include, for example, your name, address, email address, date of birth, telephone number and card or other payment details in relation to goods or services you purchase from us through the Site, club shop or otherwise.
We will NEVER share your financial information with other third parties for any reason other than processing transactions, fraud and credit risk protection unless we have your explicit consent to do so.
To run the Club and arrange matches; to administer memberships, and provide the membership services you are signing up to when you register with the club,
To alert you to other information, including offers and promotions, relating to us, National League and/or (except where you have indicated otherwise) commercial partners and 3rd See below heading ‘Marketing Information’ for more information about this. For example, such information may include newsletters, offers, promotions, occasional surveys and other communications of potential interest from us, our official partners, or National League official partners.
To carry out market research so that we can improve the products and services we offer. The feedback you provide is valued and helps to shape the products and services we offer which we think may interest you. You will have the right to opt-out of receiving or participating in our surveys at any time.
To manage and improve the Site and allow you to use the features offered by the Site. Information we use for this purpose may include (for example) that about your computer and, where available, your IP address, operating system, location and browser type.
We may also supplement the information that you provide with other information that we obtain from our dealings with you or which we receive from other organisations such as our commercial partners and group companies.
We may share your personal data with selected third parties, suppliers and sub-contractors such as referees, coaches or match organisers. Third-party service providers will only process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
In addition, we reserve the right to perform statistical analysis of user behaviour and characteristics to measure interest in and use of the various areas of the Site and to ascertain the number of users that have visited particular web pages.
We also keep track and data of what you do with our emails when you receive them for trends and statistics and to evaluate the efficiency of our information service. We may provide aggregated and anonymised data (not identifying any individual) only from these analyses to third parties.
Marketing Information
News, offers and opportunities from us and our sponsors and commercial partners (which we provide only with your consent)
We do not sell, rent, or otherwise provide personally identifiable information to third parties or commercial partners without your consent, except only as set out in the ‘Disclosing (Sharing) of Your Information’ section below.
From time-to-time we, and/or our commercial partners (if you have agreed to receive their information when you provided your personal information) would like to contact you to tell you more about the offers, services, products and other initiatives available to you.
We and/or our commercial partners will only contact you by electronic means if you have consented to this and opted-in. However, if you are an existing member (and have not opted out) we may contact you by electronic means about services, products and initiatives similar to those you have previously received or enquired about (unless you have chosen not to receive such electronic communications).
If, at any time after registering, you would like to change your preference and opt-in or opt-out from receiving communications from us or third-parties you can do this at any time by unsubscribing. Ramsgate Football Club can also support you with unsubscribing and changing preferences.
Main Navigation
Home
Club Shop
12th Man
Contact
News
Teams
Club
Where To Find Us
Commercial
Matchday
Ramsgate FC Youth Teams
Academy
© 2020 Ramsgate FC | Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy | Terms & ConditionsWebsite by Go Media Ltd