https://www.centennialcanoe.com/deposits-cancellation-privacy
Show Menu
Hide Menu
Home
Calendar
Destinations
Destinations Overview
CANOE TRIPS
Colorado River, CO
Colorado River to Moab, UT
Colorado River-Upper, CO
Dolores River, CO
Green River, UT
Gunnison River, CO
North Platte, WY
White River, CO & UT
Yampa River, CO
SEA KAYAK TRIPS
San Juan Islands, WA
MULTI-SPORT ADVENTURE
Costa Rica
Theme Trips
About
Why Choose Us
First Timers FAQ
Our Guides
Testimonials
Our Clients Include
Groups
Deposits Cancellation & Privacy
Media
Partners
Buy Online
Trips
Equipment Rental
Water Guns, Maps, Tshirts
Gift Certificates
Pay Balance, Installments, Other
Specials
Buy Photos
Rentals
Equipment
Contact
Contact Us
E-News Signup
Brochure Request
Becoming A Guide
Gallery
Photo Gallery
Video Gallery
Deposits Cancellation & Privacy
Deposit Policy
Destination
Deposit/Person ($ US)
Balance Due
Colorado, Utah & Wyoming trips
$100 or full amount if less
28 days prior to departure
Costa Rica
$500
90 days prior to departure
San Juan Islands
$300
45 days prior to departure
Cancellation Policy
Destination
Number of days prior to trip    departure that written  cancellation is received:
Refund amount per person:
Colorado, Utah and Wyoming trips
28 days or more
Full refund less $30/person processing fee
15 to 27 days
Trip credit through the following season less   $30/person processing fee
0 to 14 days
No refund or credit
San Juan Islands
45 days or more
Full refund less $30/person processing fee
21 to 44 days
Full refund less deposit/person
0 to 20 days
No refund or credit
Costa Rica
90 days or more
Full refund less $50/person processing fee
46 to 89 days
Full refund less $500/person deposit amount
0 to 45 days
No refund or credit
If full payment is not received by the due date, Centennial Canoe Outfitters, Inc. (CCO) & Centennial Adventures (CA) reserve the right to consider the reservation canceled and available for rebooking. There is a $30 fee for any NSF checks received.
If you cancel your trip, you must notify us in writing. Any refunds owed will be based on the day our office receives your notice.
Exceptions to this policy cannot be made for any reason, including personal emergencies or the weather. There is no refund for leaving a trip early, arriving late, or choosing not to do all the offered activities.
Canoe Trips: These trips are intended for persons in good physical health and good mental health. You should be able to physically perform all activities associated with boating including, but not limited to, paddling, entering and exiting the boat under your own power, and carrying your personal gear to the campsite. By signing up for this trip, you certify that you do not have any physical or mental condition or disability that would create a hazard for you or other participants. A guest may be asked to leave a trip if a guide feels that their continuing participation may prove harmful to that person or to the well-being of other guests. We are not responsible for any additional expenses incurred by such guests.
Centennial Canoe Outfitters, Inc. reserves the right to change tour itineraries or locations, OR to cancel any tour prior to departure or during the trip for any reason whatsoever, such as Acts of God. If we cancel a tour prior to departure and cannot provide you with another trip that is comparable, a trip credit will be issued for all moneys paid, valid through the following season. This shall constitute full settlement with you.
If Centennial Canoe Outfitters, Inc. cancels a trip due to an insufficient number of participants, a full refund will be made. The refund of all payments received shall release Centennial Canoe and our partners from any further liability, including expenses incurred by participants in preparing for the trip.
San Juan Island Sea Kayaking and Costa Rica: These trips are intended for persons in good physical health and good mental health. You should be able to physically perform all activities. By signing up for this trip, you certify that you do not have any physical or mental condition or disability that would create a hazard for you or other participants. A guest may be asked to leave a trip if a guide feels that their continuing participation may prove harmful to that person or to the well-being of other guests. We are not responsible for any additional expenses incurred by such guests.
Centennial Canoe, Centennial Adventures and/or our partners reserve the right to cancel any bästa insättningsbonus casino trip prior to departure or during the trip for any reason whatsoever. If we cancel a tour prior to departure, the refund of all payments received shall release Centennial Canoe and our partners from any further liability, including expenses incurred by participants in preparing for the trip.
Have a wonderful adventure!
Thank you for choosing Centennial Canoe Outfitters, Inc. & Centennial Adventures spelar med bonus!
Privacy Policy
Centennial Canoe Outfitters Inc. does not sell or lease customer information. However, if you are signed up for a trip that is sponsored by an organization such as the Denver Museum of Nature and Science, the organization may receive a trip roster with some of your contact information.
We encourage customers to carpool to the put-in location on the river. You can opt out of having your contact information shared with carpool-searching customers for a specific trip by calling us 720-283-0553 or emailing us.
This website uses Google AdWords
This website uses the Google AdWords remarketing service to advertise on third party websites (including Google) to previous visitors to our site. It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven’t completed a task on our site, for example using the contact form to make an inquiry (http://1-casino-bonus.com/svenska/). This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to the Centennial Canoe Outfitters Inc. website. Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google’s privacy policy.
You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Preferences page, and if you want to you can opt out of interest-based advertising entirely by cookie settings.