https://www.girlsontherun.org/privacy-page/
WEBSITE, DATA & DONOR PRIVACY POLICYThis website is the property of Girls on the Run International, Inc., a 501(c)3 nonprofit organization. (“Girls on the Run”)Please direct any comments or questions to our office at: Girls on the Run International PO Box 30667 PMB 65493 Charlotte, NC 28230We can be reached by telephone at 800.901.9965 or by submitting a question here.GIRLS ON THE RUN PRIVACY PLEDGEAt Girls on the Run we are keenly aware of the trust you place in us and our responsibility to protect the privacy of the girls and families we serve, as well as our many volunteers, sponsors and donors. As part of this responsibility, we let you know what information we collect, how we collect it and how we use this information to improve and sustain our program.By accessing the website and/or submitting information to us, you agree to the terms set forth in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy may be modified at any time. Any modifications to this Privacy Policy will be posted on the website. As a volunteer you also help us uphold this policy.INFORMATION WE COLLECTFor each visitor to our website, our web server does not recognize information regarding the email address — just location and web browser used.We collect information about our program participants and their families via our online program registration website or paper forms. During program registration we collect names, postal and email addresses, phone number, demographic information about families and participants, emergency contact information, participants’ health histories, and other information voluntarily submitted to us.We collect personal information via online forms (e.g., Volunteer Coach Application and New Site Application) as part of our volunteer placement and new site processes. We also collect personal information when one generously chooses to donate to Girls on the Run via our Donate page.When parents (or legal guardians) choose to participate in our Online Connection program, the information provided in those coaching sessions, such as parent name, participant name, and the parent’s third party platform user name, will be available to our coaches and other participants in the online session. We will email parents (or legal guardians) and require parent (or legal guardian) to provide a response indicating permission for their child to participate through the parent’s (or legal guardian’s) online video conferencing account.INFORMATION THIRD-PARTIES COLLECT ON OUR BEHALFThird-party service providers are used to perform certain services, including background checks, registration management, GOTR online shop operations and fulfillment, and the collection of donations made to Girls on the Run. Third-party service providers may collect bank or credit card information if a payment is submitted, but that information is not passed on to Girls on the Run. Third-party providers conform to information security industry standards for online sales. Third-party service providers that collect individual information (e.g., date of birth and social security number) conform to information security industry standards for safekeeping personal information.We also use a third-party service provider to collect information needed to conduct background checks on our volunteers (e.g., date of birth and social security number). This third-party service provider also conforms to information security industry standards for safekeeping personal information.COMMUNICATIONSEmail: We maintain an internal email list of all persons who have requested information, enrolled in our programs, volunteered, or made an online payment or donation. We may use this list to send occasional updates and announcements about our program or emails of a marketing nature, such as annual giving campaigns. After your service as a coach, if you do not wish to receive email, you may opt out at any time by contacting the council.Postal Mail: Persons who submit their postal address with the goal of receiving further information, enrolling in our program, volunteering, or donating may periodically receive postal mail from us. If you do not wish to receive mail, please let us know by sending a request to info@girlsontherun.org. Please include your exact name and address so we can be sure your name is removed from our postal mailing list.Phone: Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers may receive telephone contact from us responding to a request for more information about our program, volunteering, or a transaction (e.g., coaching opportunities, program registration, payment of program fees, requests, documentation for financial assistance). We do not make unsolicited marketing calls.Text: Girls on the Run will not send group text messages without obtaining prior consent.Online Video Conferencing: Parents (or legal guardians) may receive invitations via email to join Online Connection sessions. Parents (or legal guardians) who choose to participate in those Online Connection sessions will access a link to participate in online sessions. Online Connection sessions are accessed through third-party platforms such as Zoom® and Skype®. We do not control the privacy practices of any third-party platforms. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of third-party platforms for more information regarding their privacy practices before participating.HOW WE SHARE INFORMATIONWith Other Companies and Organizations: The personally identifying information we maintain at Girls on the Run is for internal use only, and will not be sold, rented or exchanged with any third-party except when (1) you have consented to share the information; (2) we need to share information in order to provide a product or service requested by you; or (3) we need to share the information with others who work on our behalf to provide a requested product or service to you. These third parties do not have the right to use the personally identifying information that we provide to them beyond what is necessary to assist us.With Our Affiliates and Volunteer Coaches: Personally identifying information of enrolled participants is shared with our local councils and volunteer coaches in the form of team rosters that include the participant’s name, emergency contact information, health history and other information directly related to participation in the program.As Aggregate Data: We may aggregate data and share it with third parties, including other councils, sponsors, donors, and community representatives, after personally identifiable information has been removed.As Required By Law: At times Girls on the Run may be required by law or litigation to disclose personally identifying information. If we are required to do so by law or we believe, in good faith, that such a disclosure is necessary to comply with the law, defend our rights or property or to respond to an emergency situation, we may disclose any information in our possession.HOW WE PROTECT INFORMATIONGirls on the Run takes precautions to safeguard your personal information against loss, theft and misuse as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. We have physical, electronic and managerial procedures in place, as well as document retention policies that safeguard and secure the information we collect.COOKIESWe may use “cookies” to monitor how people use our website. A cookie is not software and therefore cannot alter your computer or computer files or software in any way. It is simply a piece of information that is stored on your computer’s hard drive which records how you have used the Girls on the Run website. If you do not want us to use cookies in your browser, you can alter your browser settings to reject cookies, or to alert you when a website tries to put a cookie on your computer.ACCESS TO YOUR INFORMATIONIf you would like to know what personal information Girls on the Run has collected about you or your daughter, we will be happy to share this information with you. This includes transaction information (e.g., dates on which you made payments, amounts and types of payments, financial assistance, background check reports), communications from our staff (e.g., program-related emails, newsletters) and contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number). You may email info@girlsontherun.org with a request to review this information, have the information deleted or request that there be no further collection or use of your information or your child’s information. Your request must contain your child’s name, your name, your relationship to the child, your signature and the date of your request.If you or your daughter participate in our Online Connection sessions and would like to request a change or the deletion of your online video conferencing user name, please contact your daughter’s coach with your request.ADDITIONAL PRIVACY PROTECTIONS FOR CHILDRENWhile certain services advertised on the Girls on the Run website may be designed for children, the website itself is not designed for or targeted to children under the age of 13. Girls on the Run will never knowingly collect the information of a child under the age of 13 through the website unless such information is submitted by that child’s parent or guardian in connection with such Girls on the Run services. Any information submitted to Girls on the Run about a child under the age of 13 by anyone other than that child’s parent or guardian will be deleted. Any information provided to Girls on the Run that Girls on the Run reasonably believes originated from a child under the age of 13 without obtaining verifiable parental consent will be deleted.IF YOU HAVE PRIVACY CONCERNSIf you feel that this site is not following its stated Website Privacy Policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number, or state and local chapters of the Better Business Bureau, state and local consumer protection office, or the Federal Trade Commission.Updated: April 2020
Add inspiration to your inboxSign up for our email newsletter to stay connected with Girls on the Run. You can also opt in for inspirational content or get involved by volunteering!
First Name* Last Name* Email* Zip * Required
Submit