http://www.bowlsclub.info/terms-copyright/
Terms and Conditions, Copyright
Website Terms and Conditions
If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy notice govern bowlsclub.info’s relationship with you in relation to this website. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use this website.
The terms ‘us’ or ‘we’ refer to I T Services, the owner of the bowlsclub.info website, of 68 The Dormers, Highworth, Wiltshire, SN6 7PA, UK. The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions. All trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property of, or licensed to the operator, are acknowledged on the website.
This website contains links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. We have no control over the nature, content and availability of those sites. The inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation, or endorse the views expressed within them.
In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of, or in connection with, the use of this website.
Every effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly. However, we take no responsibility for, and will not be liable for, the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control.
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of England, Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales.
Copyright notice
This website and its content is © copyright bowlsclub.info and I T Services. All rights reserved.
Any redistribution or reproduction of part or all of the contents in any form is prohibited other than the following:
You may print or download to a local hard disk extracts for your personal and non-commercial use only.
You may copy the content to individual third parties for their personal use, but only if you acknowledge the website as the source of the material.
You may not, except with our express written permission, distribute or commercially exploit the content. Nor may you transmit it or store it in any other website or other form of electronic retrieval system.
Comments are closed.
Home
New website links
Submit your site
Web Design & Hosting
Contact bowlsclub.info
News
Updated 1 Dec 2020
2369 links
We use some harmless cookies to count visitors, and to give you the best experience on our website.Click 'OK' to accept this and continue, or read our 'Privacy and Cookies' page to control cookies on your device.OKPrivacy and Cookies