http://www.juniorredsfc.co.uk/privacy-notice
Privacy notice
Junior Reds Football Club takes your privacy very seriously.
This Privacy Notice sets out how we use and look after the personal information we collect from you. We are the data controller, responsible for the processing of any personal data you give us. We takereasonable care to keep your information secure and to prevent any unauthorised access to or use of it.
What personal data we hold on you
Personal data means any information about an individual from which that individual can be identified. We collect, use, store and transfer some personal data of our participants [and their parents or guardians], and other Club members.
You provide information about yourself when you register with the Club, and by filling in forms at an event or online, or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise.
The information you give us may include your name, date of birth, address, e-mail address, phone number, gender, and the contact details of a third party in the case of emergency. We may also ask for relevant health information, which is classed as special category personal data, for the purposes of your health, wellbeing, welfare and safeguarding. Where we hold this data it will be with the explicit consent of the participant or, if applicable, the participant’s parent or guardian.
Where we need to collect personal data to fulfil Club responsibilities and you do not provide that data, we may not be able honour or administer your membership.
Why we need your personal data
We will only use personal data for any purpose for which it has been specifically provided.
The reason we need participants’ and members’ personal data is to be able to run the football club and arrange matches; to administer memberships, and provide the membership services you are signing up to when you register with the club. Our lawful basis for processing your personal data isthat we have a contractual obligation to you as a participant or member to provide the services you are registering for.
We have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate.
Purpose/ Processing Activity
Lawful Basis for processing under Article 6 of the GDPR.
processing membership forms and payments/ subs
Performance of a contract
organising matches
Performance of a contract
sending out match or Club information and updates
Performance of a contract
sharing data with coaches, managers or officials to run training sessions or enter events
Performance of a contract
sharing data with leagues we are in membership of, county associations and other competition providers for entry in events
Performance of a contract
sharing data with committee members to
The Club has a legitimate interest to maintain
provide information about club activities, membership renewals or invitation to social events
member and participant correspondence for club community purposes.
sharing data with third party service or facility providers
The Club has a legitimate interest to run the organisation efficiently and as it sees fit. Provision of some third party services is for the benefit of the Club, participants and its members.
sharing anonymised data with a funding partner as condition of grant funding e.g. Local Authority
The Club has a legitimate interest to run the organisation efficiently and as it sees fit. Application for funding is a purpose that benefits the Club, participants and its members.
publishing match and league results
Consent. We will only publish your personal data in a public domain, including images and names, if you have given your consent for us to do so. In the case of children under the age of 13 then only with written consent of parent/guardian
sending out marketing information such as newsletters and information about promotions and offers from sponsors
Consent. We will only send you direct marketing if you are an existing member, participant or other associated individual and you have not previously objected to this marketing, or, you have actively provided your consent.
To ensure we understand possible health risks
Consent. We will only process details on your medical history with your consent.
Who we share your personal data with
When you become a member of the Club, your information, if you are a coach or volunteer will be or if you are another participant may be (depending upon which league(s) your team plays in) entered onto the Whole Game System database, which is administered by the FA. We also pass your information to the County FA and to leagues to register participants and the team for matches, tournaments or other events, and for affiliation purposes.
We may share your personal data with selected third parties, suppliers and sub-contractors such as referees, coaches or match organisers. Third-party service providers will only process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties to comply with a legal obligation; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of our participants, members or affiliates, or others.
The Club’s data processing may require your personal data to be transferred outside of the UK. Where the Club does transfer your personal data overseas it is with the sufficient appropriate safeguards in place to ensure the security of that personal data.
Protection of your personal data
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed.
How long we hold your personal data
We keep personal data on our participants and members while they continue to be a participant or member or are otherwise actively involved with the Club. We will delete this data at the end of the current playing season after a participant or member has left or otherwise ended their membership or affiliation, or sooner if specifically requested and we are able to do so. We may need to retain some personal data for longer for legal or regulatory purposes. The personal data that is stored on Whole Game System is subject to their privacy policy so we advise you review that policy together with this notice. If you would like your personal data to be deleted from Whole Game System then please contact them.
Your rights regarding your personal data
As a data subject you may have the right at any time to request access to, rectification or erasure of your personal data; to restrict or object to certain kinds of processing of your personal data, including Junior Reds Football Club May 2018
direct marketing; to the portability of your personal data and to complain to the UK’s data protection supervisory authority, the Information Commissioner’s Office about the processing of your personal data.
As a data subject you are not obliged to share your personal data with the Club. If you choose not to share your personal data with us we may not be able to register or administer your membership.
We may update this Privacy Notice from time to time, and will inform you to any changes in how we handle your personal data.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice then please contact the Club Secretary.
Download