https://www.tallahasseebowling.com/privacy.aspx
Search
Login
Menu
Home
TUSBCA
Contact Us
Board of Directors
Committees
Board Meeting(s)
Agenda(s)
Minutes
Association Manager Report(s)
Association By-Laws
Policy & Procedures
Centers & Leagues
Capital Lanes
Crenshaw Lanes
Seminole Bowl
Galimore Lanes
Calendar
Tournaments
TUSBCA
Holiday Classic
Tallahassee USBC Tournament
Florida State Tournaments
Other Tournaments
No Mercy Mixed Trio
Standings
Team Event
Doubles Event
Singles Event
Proposed Prize Fund
Bowlers
Achievements
Hall of Fame
Tips
Member Averages
2016 - 2017 Yearbook
2017 - 2018 Yearbook
2018 - 2019 Yearbook
2019 - 2020 Yearbook
Youth
Welcome Letter
Bowling Entry Form
Sponsorship Form
Hall of Fame
Nomination Guidelines
Nomination Form
Forum
Links
Form(s)
High Award(s)
Adult Membership Application(s)
Youth Membership Applications
Travel Reimbursement
Hall of Fame Nomination Form
Association Manager Duties/Application
Privacy Statement
Tallahassee USBC is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology
that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy
applies to the Tallahassee USBC site and governs data collection and usage.
By using the Tallahassee USBC site, you consent to the data practices described
in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Tallahassee USBC collects personally identifiable information, such as your email
address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Tallahassee USBC also
collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as
your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically
collected by Tallahassee USBC. This information can include: your IP address,
browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This
information is used by Tallahassee USBC for the operation of the service, to
maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use
of the Tallahassee USBC site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information
or personally sensitive data through Tallahassee USBC public message boards,
this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Tallahassee USBC
does not read any of your private online communications.
Tallahassee USBC encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites
you choose to link to from Tallahassee USBC so that you can understand how those
Web sites collect, use and share your information. Tallahassee USBC is not responsible
for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Tallahassee USBC
and Tallahassee USBC family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
Tallahassee USBC collects and uses your personal information to operate the Tallahassee USBC
Web site and deliver the services you have requested. Tallahassee USBC also uses
your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services
available from Tallahassee USBC and its affiliates. Tallahassee USBC may also
contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services
or of potential new services that may be offered.
Tallahassee USBC does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
Tallahassee USBC may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business
partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases,
your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone
number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Tallahassee USBC
may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send
you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All
such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to
provide these services to Tallahassee USBC, and they are required to maintain
the confidentiality of your information.
Tallahassee USBC does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such
as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Tallahassee USBC keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within
Tallahassee USBC, in order to determine what Tallahassee USBC services are
the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising
within Tallahassee USBC to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested
in a particular subject area.
Tallahassee USBC Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice,
only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is
necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process
served on Tallahassee USBC or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or
property of Tallahassee USBC; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect
the personal safety of users of Tallahassee USBC, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Tallahassee USBC Web site use "cookies" to help you personalize your online
experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page
server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer.
Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the
domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save
you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned
to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Tallahassee USBC pages, or
register with Tallahassee USBC site or services, a cookie helps Tallahassee USBC
to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process
of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses,
and so on. When you return to the same Tallahassee USBC Web site, the information
you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Tallahassee USBC
features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically
accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies
if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience
the interactive features of the Tallahassee USBC services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Tallahassee USBC secures your personal information from unauthorized access,
use or disclosure. Tallahassee USBC secures the personally identifiable information
you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from
unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit
card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use
of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
Tallahassee USBC will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect
company and customer feedback. Tallahassee USBC encourages you to periodically
review this Statement to be informed of how Tallahassee USBC is protecting your
information.
Contact Information
Tallahassee USBC welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy.
If you believe that Tallahassee USBC has not adhered to this Statement, please
contact Tallahassee USBC at host@change.me.
We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the
problem.
Terms Of Use |
Privacy Statement
Copyright 2020 by DotNetNuke Corporation
DNN .NET CMS