https://www.madtowntwisters.com/terms-use/
Navigation
Home
HomeCLASSES
Gymnastic Classes
Class Schedules
Fun and Fit Phy. Ed
Madtown Ninja
Private/Semi Private Lessons
Special Needs Gymnastics
Madtown Virtual
FALL 2020
Fall 2020 Class Schedule
Play and Learn
KidsClub
Fun and Fit Phy. Ed
Special Needs Gymnastics
TEAM
Girls Team Gymnastics
Boys Team Gymnastics
Special Programs
Play and Learn
KidsClub
Fun and Fit Phy. Ed
COVID-19
Open Gym
PARTIES
Madtown Party
Open Gym Party
ABOUT
CONTACT
Return to Content
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you fill out a waiver form or register for a class.
When registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience
(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve our website
(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To improve customer service
(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
To send periodic emails
.
How do we protect your information?
MadtownTwisters.com does not collect any information other than your name and email address for the purpose of emailing Madtown Twisters updates and event information.
However, we do use a third party registration application call iClassPro. You can find more information about this software and its security at www.iclasspro.com.
iClassPro offers the use of a secure server. “iClassPro’s parent portal uses SSL encryption for all sensitive information, including any payment pages. Any information being sent through the parent portal is encrypted before being transferred across the internet. You can verify this by looking for the secure lock icon in your URL on these pages.”
For more information iClassPro’s commitment to Privacy, go to www.iclassprov2.com/icpv2/icpprivacy.php.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information
We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits, keep track of advertisements and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at www.madtowntwisters.com/terms-use
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our website’s privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on 6/15/2014.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
Madtown Twisters
PO Box 620827
Middleton, WI 53562
USA
info@madtowntwisters.com
This policy is powered by Free Privacy Policy and Rhino Support.
Upcoming Events
LEARN MORE	Register Today
Classes
Class Schedules
Open Gym
Parties
OTHER LINKSForms
Employment
Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
Site Map
Contact Us
Maps & Directions
Latest News Madtown East becoming Lake City Twisters!We are very pleased to announce Aubrie Davis will assume ownership of Madtown Twisters – …Read More »Ninja Zone Classes coming to Madtown West this fall!By introducing Ninja Sport to children, we provide them with a unique channel to redirect …Read More »
STAY CONNECTED
Subscribe to our mailing list
>
©
2020. All rights reserved. Madtown Twisters Gymnastics