http://www.airsoftpacific.com/ucp.php?mode=privacy
Airsoft Pacific : Airsoft in the Pacific Northwest
Skip to content
Airsoft Pacific Search
Search Query
Search Type:
Forum Posts
Posts by Author
User Profiles
Classified Ads
Videos
Photos
Google
Wikipedia
GO
GO
Advanced search
Forums
Forum Index
Forum Rules
Usergroups
Events
Events Calendar
Add an Event
Playfields
Teams
Teams Database
Add My Team
Team CP
Media
Photo Albums
User Albums
Manage Your Albums
Rate My AEG
Rate My Loadout
Articles
News Archives
Product Reviews
Tutorials
Comics
Market
Airsoft Classified Ads
Post Ad
My Ads
Info
About AP
About Airsoft
Safety Rules
Website FAQ
Links
Contact Us
Moderator Team
Advertise on AP
Home / Forums
Chat [0]
Register
Login
Airsoft Pacific - Privacy policy
This policy explains in detail how “Airsoft Pacific” along with its affiliated companies (hereinafter “we”, “us”, “our”, “Airsoft Pacific”, “http://airsoftpacific.com”) and phpBB (hereinafter “they”, “them”, “their”, “phpBB software”, “www.phpbb.com”, “phpBB Group”, “phpBB Teams”) use any information collected during any session of usage by you (hereinafter “your information”).
Your information is collected via two ways. Firstly, by browsing “Airsoft Pacific” will cause the phpBB software to create a number of cookies, which are small text files that are downloaded on to your computer’s web browser temporary files. The first two cookies just contain a user identifier (hereinafter “user-id”) and an anonymous session identifier (hereinafter “session-id”), automatically assigned to you by the phpBB software. A third cookie will be created once you have browsed topics within “Airsoft Pacific” and is used to store which topics have been read, thereby improving your user experience.
We may also create cookies external to the phpBB software whilst browsing “Airsoft Pacific”, though these are outside the scope of this document which is intended to only cover the pages created by the phpBB software. The second way in which we collect your information is by what you submit to us. This can be, and is not limited to: posting as an anonymous user (hereinafter “anonymous posts”), registering on “Airsoft Pacific” (hereinafter “your account”) and posts submitted by you after registration and whilst logged in (hereinafter “your posts”).
Your account will at a bare minimum contain a uniquely identifiable name (hereinafter “your user name”), a personal password used for logging into your account (hereinafter “your password”) and a personal, valid e-mail address (hereinafter “your e-mail”). Your information for your account at “Airsoft Pacific” is protected by data-protection laws applicable in the country that hosts us. Any information beyond your user name, your password, and your e-mail address required by “Airsoft Pacific” during the registration process is either mandatory or optional, at the discretion of “Airsoft Pacific”. In all cases, you have the option of what information in your account is publicly displayed. Furthermore, within your account, you have the option to opt-in or opt-out of automatically generated e-mails from the phpBB software.
Your password is ciphered (a one-way hash) so that it is secure. However, it is recommended that you do not reuse the same password across a number of different websites. Your password is the means of accessing your account at “Airsoft Pacific”, so please guard it carefully and under no circumstance will anyone affiliated with “Airsoft Pacific”, phpBB or another 3rd party, legitimately ask you for your password. Should you forget your password for your account, you can use the “I forgot my password” feature provided by the phpBB software. This process will ask you to submit your user name and your e-mail, then the phpBB software will generate a new password to reclaim your account.
Back to login screen
Change font size
Links to Stuff
Top
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manage My Stuff
You gotta be logged in to manage your stuff, duh.
Follow AP
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
121,705,945 Views since 3/14/07 • Delete all board cookies • All times are UTC - 8 hours [ DST ]
© 2012 Airsoft Pacific, all rights reserved. Acknowledgements