http://www.ctmartialarts.com/privacy-policy
Fitness Programs
Kids Martial Arts
KickFit
Ladies Only Cardio Kickboxing
Muay Thai Kickboxing
Reviews
Instructors
Facilities
PRICING
Blog
Schedule
Contact Us
Reserve Your First Class
Members Only
Connecticut Martial Arts
67 Newtown Rd, Danbury, Connecticut 06810
203-792-1544
mastersteve63@sbcglobal.net
Privacy Policy | Connecticut Martial Arts
Information Collected
Connecticut Martial Arts
may collect information, such as your e-mail address, name and phone number.
Information about your computer hardware and software also may be automatically collected. This information can include your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used by Connecticut Martial Arts for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of our website.
Use Of Your Information
We collect and use your personal information to operate our website and deliver the services you have requested. We will send one welcome email following registration to all registered patrons. We also send periodical service updates to users.
We do not sell, rent, or lease our customer lists to third parties.
Contact Information
Connecticut Martial Arts welcomes your comments. If you would like to stop receiving messages from us, please contact us at mastersteve63@sbcglobal.net.
Request information now!
Our Fitness Programs
Request information
Great place to train for kids and adults alike. CMA is a family oriented school, where one can come and train in a truly respectful and judgment-free environment! Both of my daughters and I have been training at CMA for over 3 years. We have been graced with an incredibly courteous staff, always giving 100% on and off the mat. I have witnessed both my daughters make leaps in confidence, discipline, and respect. I recommend martial arts for any parent who is looking to get their child involved in a sport-At CMA of course!
I've been with Connecticut Martial Arts for almost 3 years now. As any newbie member for this kind of physical fitness adventure, it may come intimidating and frightening that you'll make yourself look like a fool but the techniques and ways of Master Steve, Master Mark and the rest of the instructor's teaching is very warm and you'll feel very welcome right on the first day. Other members are very supportive and friendly to new members and it will make you feel like you're just working out with close friends. The part that I like the most besides the promotion of physical well-being is that, Master Steve has a very unique holistic approach to members in inspiring you to be better as a whole person, may it be philosophically, mentally and spiritually.
Both of my kids attend CMA and I am very happy with the top quality instruction they are receiving. They are learning a great deal and love going to classes. My son previously attended a different martial arts studio, and the difference in quality is dramatic
Request Information Now!