http://www.actionsportsinteractive.com/privacy.cfm
About Us > Privacy Policy
Login | Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Version 09/01/2005
We recognize that privacy is an important issue, so we design and operate our services with the protection of your privacy in mind. This Privacy
Policy outlines the types of personal information we gather when you use our services, as well as some of the steps we take to safeguard it.
The following principles apply to the personally identifying information we ask for and that you provide. "Personally identifying information" is
information that individually identifies you, such as your name, physical address or email address. You can find more details about the data we
collect on particular services by clicking the links on the side of this page.
Data collection
Most of our services do not require any personally identifying information. Google collects limited non-personally identifying information your
browser makes available whenever you visit a website. This log information includes your Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language,
the date and time of your query and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser. We use this information to operate, develop and
improve our services.
Public ski reports and business requests may require you to provide personal information. We will use that information to provide the service or respond
in a timely manner. For certain services, such as our advertising programs, we may request credit card or other payment information which we maintain
in encrypted form on secure servers only until the time in which the payment is processed. Information is not stored beyond that time.
When we require personally identifying information, we will inform you about the types of information we collect and how we use it. We hope this
will help you make an informed decision about sharing your personal information with us.
Cookies
Upon your first visit, a cookie may be sent to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser. A "cookie" is a small file containing a
string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. We use cookies to improve the quality of our service and to better
understand how people interact with us. We do this by storing user preferences in cookies and by tracking user trends and patterns of how
people use our sites. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate
when a cookie is being sent. However, some our features or services may not function properly without cookies.
Information sharing
We do not rent or sell personally identifying consumer information to other companies or individuals, unless we have your consent. We may share
such information in any of the following limited circumstances:
We have your consent.
We provide such information to trusted businesses or persons for the sole purpose of processing personally
identifying information on our behalf. When this is done, it is subject to agreements that oblige those parties to process such
information only on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
In the event of a transfer of ownership of Gantzer Group Inc., such as acquisition by or merger with another company, we will provide notice before
any personally identifying information is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy. We may share aggregated information with
others. Examples of this include the number of users who clicked on "Vail Resort" or how many users clicked on a particular advertisement.
Information security
We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data. We
restrict access to your personally identifying information to employees who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve
our services.
Updating your information
We provide mechanisms for updating and correcting your personally identifying information for many of our services. For more information, please see
the About Us page.
Links
Some links displayed on our sites are provided by the individual company related to the link. These other sites may place their own cookies on
your computer, collect data or solicit personal information. We may present links in a format that enables us to understand whether they have
been followed. We use this information to understand and improve the quality of our technology.
Changes to this Policy
Please note this Privacy Policy will change from time to time. We expect most such changes to be minor, but there may be changes that are
more significant. Regardless, we will post those changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will also provide a more
prominent notice. Each version will be noted at the top of the page.
For any other information, or specific privacy concerns, please contact us at any time.
©1996-2013 ActionSports Interactive. All rights reserved.