http://www.dsusa.org/privacy-policy
×
Search
#AdaptatHome COVID-19 Updates
Check out dozens of live and recorded adaptive fitness classes here: https://www.moveunitedsport.org/adaptathome/Chapters and Members – Find resources and support here: https://www.moveunitedsport.org/covid-19-member-resources/
Privacy Policy
Disabled Sports USA places a high priority on protecting your privacy. This privacy policy was created in order to demonstrate the Disabled Sports USA’s firm commitment to the privacy of our members and website users. This policy explains what types of information is collected by the Disabled Sports USA’s website, www.moveunitedsport.org, and how this information is used.  Please contact Disabled Sports USA at info@dsusa.org, via regular mail at: Disabled Sports USA 451 Hungerford Drive, Suite 608, Rockville MD 20850 or by telephone at: 301-217-0960.
What Personally Identifiable Information is Collected
Disabled Sports USA members that register for www.moveunitedsport.org and individuals that sign up to receive Disabled Sports USA e-communications voluntarily provide us with contact information (such as name and e-mail address). We may use this information for specific, limited purposes. You may always “opt out,” either now or at any time in the future, if you do not wish to receive our messages.
How We Protect Your Information
We use a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. These security measures include password protected databases to safeguard your information and SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) technology to ensure that your information is encrypted and sent across the Internet securely. All sensitive/credit information is transmitted via SSL technology only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and those authorized are required to keep the information confidential.  After a donation or transaction, your private information (credit cards, etc) is not be stored on our website or our our servers.
IP addresses
Disabled Sports USA uses your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer www.moveunitedsport.org, and for statistical metrics used to track website visitor traffic.
Cookies
www.moveunitedsport.org uses “cookie” messages to automatically help provide better services. They remind us who you are and your preferences for our website based on what you’ve done and told us before. The “cookie” is placed in your computer and is read when you come back to our website. Cookies let us take you to the information and features you’re particularly interested in. They also let us track your usage of www.moveunitedsport.org, so we know which parts of our sites are most popular. You can reject cookies or cancel them by instructing your Web browser accordingly.
How Your Information May Be Used
We use your personal information to provide you with personalized service; to send e-mail alerts to you; to answer your requests; to process your membership application; etc. You may choose to opt out at any time, which will cease all communications from us. We may also use your information to track visitor of our website. This lets us see which of our features are the most popular so we can better serve our users’ needs. It also lets us provide aggregate data about our traffic (not identifying you personally, but showing how many visitors used which features, for example) to outside parties
Email Privacy
Disabled Sports USA does not sell or rent email addresses to anyone outside the organization.
External Links
www.moveunitedsport.org includes links to external websites. These links do not fall under the www.moveunitedsport.org domain, and Disabled Sports USA is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of external websites. Your use of any linked website is solely at your own risk.
Modifications
We may amend this privacy policy from time to time; please review it periodically. We maintain the option to modify this privacy at any time by electronic notice posted on our website. Your continued use of our website after the date that such notices are posted will be deemed to be your agreement to the changed terms.
Challenge Magazine
A Test of Strength: The Sport of  Para Lifting
The New USA Wheelchair Football League
Warfighter Christy Gardner Excelling at Multiple Sports
Sport Changed Casey Followay’s Life
New Book Highlights History of Wheelchair Basketball
“Rising Phoenix” Documentary Puts Spotlight on Paralympic Games
Vision 2028, Upcoming Adaptive Sports Opportunities, and more
Learn more
Disabled Sports USA offers safe, reliable and effective programs.
REBECCA HOOPER, PHD PROGRAM MANAGER, Center for the Intrepid