http://www.mbnpromotions.co.uk/cookie-policy
Cookie Policy
MBN Events is owned and operated by Premier Team Promotions Ltd (MBN Promotions, “we”, “us”, and “our”). This Cookie Statement explains how we use cookies and similar technologies in the course of our business, including through our websites that link to this Cookie Statement, such as www.mbnevents.co.uk, or any website or mobile application owned, operated or controlled by us (collectively, “Websites” or “websites”), and when our users’ subscribers visit websites or e-commerce stores operated by our users or open or interact with emails delivered through our Services.
It explains what these technologies are and why we use them, as well as your rights to control our use of them. This Cookie Statement is and will be treated as part of our Terms of Use, and is automatically incorporated therein. Capitalised terms used and not otherwise defined in this Cookie Statement have the meanings given to those terms in our Privacy Policy.
In some cases we may use cookies and other tracking technologies described in this Cookie Statement to collect Personal Information, or to collect information that becomes Personal Information if we combine it with other information. For more information about how we process your Personal Information, please consult our Privacy Policy.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small data files that are placed on your computer or mobile device when you visit a website. Cookies are widely used by online service providers in order to (for example) make their websites or services work, or to work more efficiently, as well as to provide reporting information.
Cookies set by the website owner or service provider (in this case, MBN promotions) are called “first party cookies”. Cookies set by parties other than the website owner are called “third party cookies”. Third party cookies enable third party features or functionality to be provided on or through the website or service you are using (such as advertising, interactive content and analytics). The third parties that set these third party cookies can recognise your computer both when it visits the website or service in question and also when it visits certain other websites or services.
Why do we use cookies and other tracking technologies?
We use first party and third party cookies for several reasons. Some cookies are required for technical reasons in order for our Websites and Services to operate, and we refer to these as “essential” or “strictly necessary” cookies. Other cookies enable us and the third parties we work with to track and target the interests of visitors to our Websites, and we refer to these as “performance” or “functionality” cookies. For example, we use cookies to tailor content and information that we may send or display to you and otherwise personalise your experience while interacting with our Websites and to otherwise improve the functionality of the Services we provide. We also enable our users to employ cookies and similar tracking technologies in connection with their use of our Services in order to allow us and our users to track their subscribers. Finally, third parties serve cookies through our Websites and Services for advertising, analytics, and other purposes. This is described in more detail below.
Cookies served through our Websites
The specific types of first and third party cookies served through our Websites and the purposes they perform are described in further detail below:
Essential Website Cookies
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our websites and to use some of its features, such as access to secure areas. Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the websites, you cannot refuse them without impacting how our websites function. You can block or delete them by changing your browser settings, as described under the heading “How can I control cookies?” in the Cookie Statement.
Performance and Functionality Cookies
These cookies are used to enhance the performance and functionality of our websites but are non-essential to their use. However, without these cookies, certain functionality may become unavailable.
Analytics and Customisation Cookies
These cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our websites are being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customise our websites and application for you in order to enhance your experience.
Advertising (Targeting) Cookies
These cookies are used to make advertising messages more relevant to you and your interests. They also perform functions like preventing the same ad from continuously reappearing, ensuring that ads are properly displayed, and in some cases selecting advertisements that are based on your interests. For further information, see the section of the Cookie Statement entitled “Targeted online advertising”.
Other tracking technologies
We and our third party partners may use other, similar technologies from time to time, like web beacons, pixels (or “clear gifs”) and other tracking technologies. These are tiny graphics files that contain a unique identifier that enable us to recognise when someone has visited our Websites or, in the case of web beacons, opened an e-mail that we have sent them. This allows us, for example, to monitor the traffic patterns of users from one page within our Websites to another, to deliver or communicate with cookies, to understand whether you have come to our Websites from an online advertisement displayed on a third-party website, to serve targeted advertisements to you and others like you, to improve site performance, and to measure the success of marketing campaigns. While you may not have the ability to specifically reject or disable these tracking technologies, in many instances, these technologies are reliant on cookies to function properly; accordingly, in those instances, declining cookies will impair functioning of these technologies.
Targeted online advertising
We have engaged one or more third party service providers to track and analyse both individualised usage and volume statistical information from interactions with our Websites. We also partner with one or more third parties (such as advertisers and ad networks) to display advertising on our Websites and/or to manage and serve advertising on other sites.
These third parties use cookies, web beacons, pixel tags and similar tracking technologies to collect and use certain information about your online activities, either on our Websites and/or other sites or mobile apps, to infer your interests and deliver you targeted advertisements that are more tailored to you based on your browsing activities and inferred interests (“Interest Based Advertising”). For more information about this practice, click here: http://www.aboutads.info/choices/.
Our third party service providers may also use cookies or web beacons to collect information about your visits to our Websites and/or other sites to measure and track the effectiveness of advertisements and our online marketing activities (for example, by collecting data on how many times you click on one of our ads). The information collected by these third parties does not include personal information that enables you to be specifically identified (e.g. by reference to your name or email address).
Cookies served through the Services
User sites
If a user elects to use certain add-ons or features, the use of those may permit or require additional cookies or tracking technologies to be employed. If a user connects his or her website or e-commerce store (in each case, a “Site”) to one of our accounts, we may install a JavaScript tracking snippet (“Snippet”) on that user’s Site. This Snippet will allow cookies, pixels, and other technologies to be set on that user’s Site to facilitate the use of certain automations, features and functionality offered by us through the Services. The specific cookies, pixels, or other technologies that will be set on a user’s Site depend on the particular add-ons or features that the user chooses to use as part of the Services. Subscribers should therefore review the relevant user’s privacy notice and cookie disclosures for further information about the specific types of cookies and other tracking technologies used on the Site. These optional add-ons and features include:
Google remarketing ads:
Our Google remarketing ads feature (also known as web retargeting ads) allows our users to create and manage advertisements on the Google Display Network. When a user elects to use this feature, we install a Google tracking pixel on that user’s Site through the Snippet. The Snippet also allows that user’s Site to set a cookie that will recognise Site visitors via ads placed with the Google remarketing ads feature. These technologies facilitate the placement of advertising campaigns on the Google Display Network and enable us to provide reporting to our users about the performance of these advertising campaigns. To refuse these cookies, please follow the instructions below under the heading “How can I control cookies?” Alternatively, please click on the relevant opt-out link here: https://www.google.com/settings/ads/plugin
Facebook ads:
Our Facebook ads feature allows our users to display ads to their subscribers and others within the Facebook platform. When a user elects to use this feature, we install a Facebook tracking pixel on that user’s Site through the Snippet. The Snippet also allows that user’s Site to set a cookie that will recognise Site visitors via ads placed with the Facebook ads feature. These tracking technologies facilitate the placement of advertising campaigns on the Facebook platform and enable usp to provide reporting to our users about the performance of these advertising campaigns. Facebook does not provide an opt-out link for its cookies. For more information about Facebook cookies, please click here: https://www.facebook.com/policies/cookies/ To refuse these cookies, please follow the instructions below under the heading “How can I control cookies?”
Product retargeting emails:
Our product retargeting emails feature allows our users to promote new items or best sellers to their subscribers. When a subscriber clicks a link within a product retargeting email, the user’s Site drops a cookie on that subscriber’s device that is placed through the Snippet. This cookie allows us to track attribution rates and browser activity and provide reporting to the user regarding the success of their product retargeting emails. To refuse these cookies, please follow the instructions below under the heading “How can I control cookies?”
User email campaigns
If a user signs up to an email campaign – We automatically place single pixel gifs, also known as web beacons, in every email sent by our users. These are tiny graphic files that contain unique identifiers that enable us and our users to recognise when their subscribers have opened an email or clicked certain links. These technologies record each subscribers email address, IP address, date, and time associated with each open and click for a campaign. We use this data to create reports for our users about how an email campaign performed and what actions subscribers took.
How can I control cookies?
You have the right to decide whether to accept or reject cookies.
Website Cookie Preference Tool:
You can exercise preferences about what cookies are served on our Websites by visiting our cookie settings preference center, available here: Privacy Settings. You can also exercise your Website cookie preferences by visiting the TRUSTe preference center by clicking this link: http://preferences-mgr.truste.com/.
Browser Controls:
You can set or amend your web browser controls to accept or refuse cookies. If you choose to reject cookies, you may still use our Websites though your access to some functionality and areas of our Websites may be restricted. As the means by which you can refuse cookies through your web browser controls vary from browser-to-browser, you should visit your browser’s help menu for more information.
Disabling Most Interest Based Advertising:
Most advertising networks offer you a way to opt out of Interest Based Advertising. If you would like to find out more information, please visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ or http://www.youronlinechoices.com.
Mobile Advertising:
You can opt out of having your mobile advertising identifiers used for certain types of Interest Based Advertising, including those performed by us, by accessing the settings in your Apple or Android mobile device and following the most recent published instructions. If you opt out, we will remove all data about you and no further data collection or tracking will occur. The random ID we (or our third party partners) had previously assigned to you will also be removed. This means that if at a later stage, you decide to opt-in, we will not be able to continue and track you using the same ID as before, and you will for all practical purposes be a new user to our system.
Do Not Track:
Some Internet browsers – like Internet Explorer, Firefox, and Safari – include the ability to transmit “Do Not Track” or “DNT” signals. Since uniform standards for “DNT” signals have not been adopted, our Websites do not currently process or respond to “DNT” signals. MBN Promotions takes privacy and meaningful choice seriously and will make efforts to continue to monitor developments around DNT browser technology and the implementation of a standard. To learn more about “DNT”, please visit All About Do Not Track.
How often will you update this Cookie Statement?
We may update this Cookie Statement from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to the cookies we use or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons. Please therefore re-visit this Cookie Statement regularly to stay informed about our use of cookies and related technologies.
The date at the bottom of this Cookie Statement indicates when it was last updated.
Where can I get further information?
If you have any questions about our use of cookies or other technologies, please email us at joe.wray@mbnpromotions.co.uk.
© Copyright 2018 – Sizzle Creative Agency Ltd
Speak to one of our event specialists today
Call +44 (0)203 675 7301
Our Events By SportCricket
Soccer
Rugby
Other
Personal Service Throughout New Business Enquiries:
joe.wray@mbnpromotions.co.uk
Event Logistics:
katie.armstrong@mbnevents.com
Tailored Services:
dominie.bradshaw@mbnpromotions.co.uk
Accounts:
hinal.varsani@mbnpromotions.co.uk
Calendar
<<
Dec 2020
>>
MTWTFSS
30
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
1
2
3
© 2018 MBN Events | Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy | Terms & Conditions
Events
Cricket
Rugby
Football
Christmas
Bespoke Events
Event Calendar
MBN Blog
About
About Us
Past Events
Contact Us
Book an event now
Soccer
Football’s Coming Home Lunch - 11/06/2021
Rugby
Sorry, no events were found.
Cricket
Sorry, no events were found.