http://www.trentvale.org.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
We do not sell your details for marketing purposes.
If you are a member of the club, we will use your details for running the club. I.E. to contact you regarding club events or membership.
If you play in club competitions, we will pass your details to other members so that they can contact you to arrange games.
Yes, we do comply with GDPR.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual.
The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However,
once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
If you have any comments/queries, please get in touch.
Latest News
Guidance for players
Lockdown 2.0
COVID-19 guidance – Tier 2, High
We are reopening
Coronavirus (COVID-19)
Categories
Club Night
Latest News
News
Archives
December 2020
November 2020
October 2020
August 2020
March 2020
February 2020
January 2020
December 2019
November 2019
October 2019
September 2019
August 2019
Tier 3 Guidance
Now we have come out of the second lockdown and into the new Tier 3 restrictions some squash play is allowed.
Please read the current rules:
Read more
×