http://www.azcardinals.com/about-us/terms-conditions
Skip to main content
Advertising
Arizona Cardinals Home: The official source of the latest Cardinals headlines, news, videos, photos, tickets, rosters and game day information
Arizona Cardinals Website Terms & Conditions
Revised April 2018
These Website Terms & Conditions (this "Agreement") govern your use of azcardinals.com (the "Site") and the various offerings on the Site, which include, without limitation, the Arizona Cardinals mobile app (such offerings, together with the Site, are referred to in this Agreement as the "Services").
Your use of the Services constitutes your acceptance of the Agreement.  You must be 13 or older to use the Services.  Your acceptance of the Agreement provides you with a limited and temporary license and permission to use the software and other resources of the Services, which license and permission we may revoke at any time, as described below.
1. Copyright Rights
We own or license all copyright rights in the text, images, photographs, video, audio, graphics, user interface, and other content provided on the Services, including, without limitation, such content that may originate from our social media accounts, and the selection, coordination, and arrangement of such content (whether by us or by you), to the full extent provided under the copyright laws of the United States and other countries. Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, you are prohibited from copying, reproducing, modifying, distributing, displaying, performing or transmitting any of the contents of the Services for any purposes, and nothing otherwise stated or implied in the Services confers on you any license or right to do so.
You may use the Services and the contents contained in the Services solely for your own individual non-commercial and informational purposes only. Any other use, including for any commercial purposes, is strictly prohibited without our express prior written consent. Systematic retrieval of data or other content from the Services, whether to create or compile, directly or indirectly, a collection, compilation, database or directory, is prohibited absent our express prior written consent.
2. Trade and Service Mark Rights
We (or our affiliates) own all rights in the product names, company names, trade names, logos, product packaging and designs ("Trademarks") of the Arizona Cardinals, and third parties own all Trademarks in their respective products or services, whether or not appearing in large print or with the trademark symbol. Unauthorized use of any such Trademarks, including reproduction, imitation, dilution or confusing or misleading uses, is prohibited under the trademark laws of the United States and other countries. You are expressly prohibited from using or misusing any Trademarks, except as expressly provided in this Agreement, and nothing otherwise stated or implied in the Services confers on you any license or right to do so.
3. Modification of This Agreement
We reserve the right to amend this Agreement at any time by posting an updated version. You should therefore periodically visit this page to review the then-current Agreement. Your use of the Services after our posting of amendments to this Agreement will constitute your acceptance of this Agreement, as modified. If, at any time, you do not wish to accept this Agreement, you may not use the Services.
4. Access to the Services
In order to access the Services, you must have access to the World Wide Web, either directly or through devices that access Web-based content, and must pay any service fees associated with such access.
5. Registration, Username, Password, Security
(a) Registration. Registration may be required for certain portions of the Services. We will not grant any user access to any registration-required portions of the Services unless he or she has completed the necessary registration and paid the fees, if any, associated with access to such portion of the Services.
(b) Your User Identity. Your username will be your identity for purposes of interacting with the portions of the Services that require registration, if any, and other users through the Services.
(c) Username, Passwords, and Password Access. You shall keep confidential, shall not disseminate, and shall use solely in accordance with this Agreement, your username, and password for the Services. You shall immediately notify us if you learn of or suspect: (i) any loss or theft of your username or password, or (ii) any unauthorized use of your username or password or of the Services. In the event of such loss, theft, or unauthorized use, we may impose on you, at our sole discretion, additional security obligations.
(d) Security Breaches and Revision. If any unauthorized person obtains access to the Services as a result of any act or omission by you, you shall use your best efforts to ascertain the source and manner of acquisition and shall fully and promptly notify us by e-mail at askquestions@cardinals.nfl.net. You shall otherwise cooperate and assist in any investigation relating to any such unauthorized access.
6. Modular Content
We may provide certain content, which includes graphics, text, audio, video, photographs, news, scores, or other material that is capable of being incorporated, including as a module or via an RSS feed or similar technology, into a web site or other online, cable, wireless, or other service other than the Services ("Modular Content"). To the extent that we make Modular Content available, you agree to use it responsibly and consistent with this Agreement and any other rules or restrictions provided to you in connection with the Modular Content.
By using Modular Content or incorporating it within or associating it with a web site or other online, cable, wireless, or other service other than the Services, you agree not to: (1) obscure our branding of the Modular Content, assert or imply ownership or authorship of the Modular Content, or facilitate another party's assertion or implication of ownership or authorship of the Modular Content; (2) excerpt or edit the Modular Content, except as specifically permitted by us; or (3) publish, place, or utilize the Modular Content in a setting or manner in which it may be associated with content or other material that (i) is or may be considered unlawful, threatening, abusive, bigoted, hateful, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, offensive, pornographic, profane, sexually explicit or indecent, (ii) may constitute, advocate or encourage conduct that would constitute or give rise to a criminal offense, civil liability or other violation of any local, state, national or international law; (iii) violates, plagiarizes or infringes the rights of third parties including, without limitation, copyright, trademark, patent, rights of privacy or publicity, or any other proprietary right; (iv) contains or may be associated with a computer virus or other harmful component; (v) constitutes or contains false or misleading indications of origin or statements of fact; (vi) contains any information, software or other material of a commercial nature; or (vii) contains advertising, promotions or commercial solicitations of any kind.
Although we are under no obligation to do so and assume no responsibility or liability arising from any use of Modular Content, we may monitor the web sites or other online, cable, wireless, or other services with which Modular Content is used. You agree that you will promptly, and in any event within 24 hours, remove the Modular Content from any web site or other online, cable, wireless, or other service if we or our agent request that you do so, and that you will maintain the ability to remove Modular Content from any web site or online, cable, wireless, or other service on which you cause it to be placed or with which you cause it to be affiliated. You agree that we have exclusive discretion to direct that the Modular Content be removed from web sites or other online, cable, wireless, or other services at any time and for any reason, including, but not limited to, the prohibited uses of Modular Content described above; that we may implement and use protections to limit the web sites or other online, cable, wireless, or other services in conjunction with which Modular Content may be used or the manner in which Modular Content may be used; and that we may not specifically advise you of the existence or nature of these protections.
We provide Modular Content, if at all, on a voluntary basis. We expressly disclaim any obligation to provide or update Modular Content, to maintain its availability, or to ensure its accuracy.
Notwithstanding any statement to the contrary by us or by you or any third party, your use of Modular Content creates no fiduciary or contractual relationship between us and you, or between us and any third party, other than pursuant to this Agreement.
7. Shop.azcardinals.com
Shop.azcardinals.com (the "Store") allows you to order products (the "Merchandise") supplied and managed by an independent merchandise vendor, Fanatics.  By placing an order in the Store, you acknowledge that Fanatics is exclusively responsible for the fulfillment and shipment of all Merchandise ordered. Fanatics can be reached by phone at 1-877-342-4947. The terms of use applicable to the Store can be found at http:// shop.azcardinals.com/help/terms.
8. Links
The Services may contain links to other services ("Linked Services"). The Linked Services are not under our control and we are not responsible for the contents of the Linked Services, including, without limitation, links contained on Linked Services, or any changes or updates to Linked Services. The Services provide links only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any links to a Linked Service is not an endorsement by us of any company offering Internet services, products or services on the Linked Services.
We may incorporate third-party services, software, technology, data, and/or other content, either independently or in connection with various programs, features, or functions available through the Services. Your use of third-party materials may be subject to terms of use other than this Agreement and as may be set forth by third-party providers, as applicable. You agree that we assume no liability with respect to your use of such third-party materials, whether you are aware of their use or not and whether or not the use of such materials is recommended by us.
You may link to the home page of the Services without obtaining our permission provided that you do so only through a plain-text link. For any other type of link to the Services, you must obtain our express written permission. To seek our permission, you may write to askquestions@cardinals.nfl.net.  If you provide a third-party website that links to the Site, you: (a) shall not create a frame, browser or border environment around any of the content of the Site; (b) may not replicate Site content on your website; (c) shall not imply that we endorse or sponsor your website or any of its products or services; (d) shall not present false information about us, the Site or any of our products or services; (e) shall not use any of our Trademarks without our express prior written permission; and (f) shall not include any content that could be construed by us as distasteful, offensive or controversial. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, we reserve the right to deny or rescind permission to link to the Site from any website, and to require termination of any link to the Site, for any or no reason in our sole and absolute discretion.
9. Availability of Services
The availability of the content on the Services may be affected by a variety of factors, including game delays or cancellations, application of the National Football League's broadcast policy (which prohibits broadcast of football games under certain circumstances and in certain areas), technical problems or network delays, program rescheduling, or other reasons. You agree that we are not obligated to provide you with any specific content under this Agreement.
10. Compliance with Laws/Regulations
You are required to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in connection with your use of the Services, and such further limitations as may be set forth in any written or on-screen notice from us. By using the Services, you represent and warrant that you will not use the Services for any purpose that is either unlawful or prohibited by this Agreement. We reserve the right to disclose any information about you or your use of the Services in connection with any investigations by us or law enforcement authorities as may be appropriate or necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request.
11. Prohibited Uses Generally
Without limiting the foregoing, you agree not to transmit, distribute, post, communicate or store information or other material on, to or through the Services that:
(a) is copyrighted, unless you are the copyright owner or valid licensee to such materials and you have the right to grant us the rights and licenses set forth in this Agreement;
(b) reveals trade secrets, unless you own them, or you are the valid licensee to such materials and you have the right to grant us the rights and licenses set forth in this Agreement;
(c) infringes on any other intellectual property rights of others or on the privacy or publicity rights of others;
(d) is unlawful, obscene, indecent, sexually explicit, threatening, harmful, defamatory, threatening, harassing, abusive, hateful, slanderous or embarrassing to any other person or entity or refers negatively to people or groups on the basis of their race, ethnicity, national origin, religion, sexual preference, orientation, gender, class, disability or similar characteristics;
(e) contains false statements or misrepresentations that could damage you, us or a third party;
(f) constitutes advertisements or solicitations of business, surveys, contests, chain letters or pyramid schemes;
(g) contains viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, or other computer programming routines or engines that are intended to damage, detrimentally interfere with, surreptitiously intercept or expropriate any system, data or information;
(h) advocates illegal activity or discusses illegal activities with the intent to commit them; or
(i) otherwise restricts any person from using the Services, or in our sole judgment, exposes us, users, or any other third party to liability, damages or detriment of any type.
You further agree not to:
(a) use any incomplete, false or inaccurate biographical information or other information for purposes of registering as a user of the Services, or for purposes of registering for any promotions offered through the Services;
(b) delete or revise any material or other information of any other user of the Services;
(c) harvest, collect, or send information about others, including e-mail addresses, without their consent;
(d) take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the infrastructure of one or more of the Services;
(e) use any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of one or more of the Services or any activity being conducted on this Site;
(f) use or attempt to use any engine, software, tool, agent or other device or mechanism (including, without limitation, browsers, spiders, robots, avatars or intelligent agents) to navigate or search the Services to harvest or otherwise collect information from the Services to be used for any commercial purpose;
(g) allow any other person or entity to use your username or password for posting or viewing comments or sending or receiving materials; or
(h) attempt to circumvent, reverse engineer, decipher, decompile, disassemble, decrypt or otherwise alter or interfere with (or attempt, encourage, or support anyone else's attempt to engage in such activities) any of the software comprising or in any way making up a part of the Services.
You further agree not to violate or attempt to violate the security of the Services, including, without limitation:
(a) accessing data not intended for you or logging into a server or account that you are not authorized to access;
(b) attempting to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of a system or network or to breach security or authentication measures without proper authorization;
(c) attempting to interfere with service to any user, host or network, including, without limitation, by way of submitting a virus to, or overloading, "flooding", "spamming", "mail bombing" or "crashing", the Services;
(d) sending unsolicited e-mail, including promotions and/or advertising of products or services; or
(e) forging any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any e-mail or posting. Violations of system or network security may result in civil or criminal liability.
We may investigate occurrences that may involve violations of the security of the Services or of the law and we may involve, and cooperate with, law enforcement authorities in prosecuting users who are involved in such violations.
12. User Content and Communications
The Services may allow users to communicate with others through real-time chats, message boards, video ratings and other features. In addition, you may be able to interact with other users through fantasy football features or other games that we may from time to time make available. When your account is used to submit, post, or add content to the Services (collectively, "User Content"), you agree to accept sole responsibility for, and assume all liability (including liability for claims of infringement, libel and slander) associated with, User Content, including the information, statements, facts, and material contained in any form or medium (e.g., text, audio, video and photographic) therein, We do not claim ownership of User Content (expressly excluding your user data, which we collect in accordance with the Privacy Policy for the Site and expressly excluding any content created by you based on existing content we own or license (e.g., through a mash-up offering), which we retain full ownership of) . However, by submitting or posting User Content, to or through the Services, you grant us a world-wide, royalty free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive and freely sublicenseable right (including any moral rights) and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform and display User Content anywhere, for any purpose, whether commercial or non-commercial, and in any form, media or technology now known or later developed. No compensation will be paid with respect to any use of User Content by us or our licensees. We are free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in User Content for any purpose whatsoever including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products using User Content. We are under no obligation to maintain any User Content and may remove any User Content at any time in its sole discretion.
By posting or submitting User Content to the Services, you also represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to User Content, and that use of User Content by us or any of our sublicensees will not infringe or violate the rights of any third party or any applicable law.
If you are under the age of 13, you may not submit, post, or add User Content to the Services. If you are under the age of majority in your jurisdiction of residence but at least 13 years of age, subject to any applicable sweepstakes, contest, or other supplemental terms, you may provide User Content but only with the permission of, and under the supervision of, a parent or legal guardian. If you are a parent or legal guardian agreeing to this Agreement for the benefit of an individual between the ages of 13 and the age of majority in your jurisdiction of residence, please be advised that you are fully responsible for his or her User Content and any legal liability that he or she may incur.
We reserve the right (but do not have the obligation) to review, edit, refuse to post or to remove any of User Content, in whole or in part at any time and to terminate your ability to post User Content to the Services at any time, without notice, in our sole discretion.
Any gaming features that we make available on the Services, including fantasy football features, are provided exclusively for entertainment purposes. In addition, you are prohibited from gambling or wagering on the result of any gaming features provided on or through the Services, or from using the Services to gamble or wager on the result of any NFL game. If we believe that you have violated the prohibitions in this paragraph, we may immediately terminate your access to the Services, with or without notice to you. Notwithstanding any other provision of this agreement or of law, you will not be entitled to any refund of any fees paid to us if your access is terminated because of a violation or alleged violation of this Agreement.
Although we may maintain technical logs concerning your use of the Services, we do not routinely monitor User Content. You agree that we may not be held responsible for User Content and that we are not obligated to monitor them. Despite your agreement that we are not required to monitor User Content, if we become aware of any User Content that we believe to violates this Agreement or to be obscene, lewd, lascivious, filthy, excessively violent, harassing, or otherwise objectionable, we may - but are not required to - act in good faith to restrict access to or availability of User Content. We may also take steps to terminate your access to the Services or take other appropriate steps, including, without limitation, initiating or assisting in legal action.
If you become aware of any content on the Services that you believe to be objectionable or to violate this Agreement, or that you believe may cause injury to yourself, us, or any third party, you should notify us of such content immediately by emailing askquestions@cardinals.nfl.net.  Even if you notify us of such content that you believe to be objectionable, you agree that we will not be obligated to take any particular steps, or any steps at all, in response to your notification. You agree that your notification under this paragraph will create no duty on our part to you or to any third party, and that we may not be held liable for any action that we take, or for our inaction, after you provide us with notification.
13. Notice and Procedure for Making Claims of Copyright Infringement
DMCA Notices of Copyright Infringement
We respect the intellectual property rights of others, and take intellectual property concerns seriously. We reserve the right to remove any content from the Services for any reason, including if it infringes the copyright of any person under the laws of the United States. Under the appropriate circumstances, we will, and expressly reserves the right to, disable and/or terminate the accounts of users who are repeat copyright infringers.
Pursuant to Title 17, United States Code, § 512(c)(2), if you believe in good faith that your copyrighted work has been reproduced and is accessible on the Services in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide our DMCA Agent with a written communication containing the information set forth below:
(a) Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed. We ask that if the work is registered, please include the copyright registration number or a copy of the registration certificate; if the work is unregistered, please include a screenshot or detailed description of the work.
(b) Identification of the allegedly infringing material that is requested to be removed and where it is located on the Services. We ask that you provide a hyperlink to the allegedly infringing material on the Services and describe how the allegedly infringing material infringes your work.
(c) Your name, address and daytime telephone number, and an e-mail address (if available), so that we may contact you if necessary.
(d) A statement that you have a good faith belief that the use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
(e) A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are the copyright owner, or are authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive copyright right that is allegedly infringed.
(f) A statement acknowledging that we may provide a copy of the submitted notice of infringement, including any contact information contained therein, to the user who posted the allegedly infringing content.
(g) An electronic or physical signature of you or someone authorized on the copyright owner's behalf, to assert infringement of copyright and to submit the statement.
Claims of copyright infringement that include the above-required information should be submitted via postal mail or e-mail to our DMCA Agent as follows:
Arizona Cardinals Football Club LLC
8701 South Hardy Drive
Tempe, AZ 85284
Attention:  General Counsel
(602) 379-0101
dmcaagent@cardinals.nfl.net (Please include "DMCA Notice of Infringement" in the subject line).
DMCA Agent for Notices of Infringement Only: The foregoing information is provided exclusively for notifying us that your copyrighted or material may have been infringed. Only DMCA notices of copyright infringement will receive a response through this process. DMCA notices of infringement that do not contain all the required information (as described above) may not receive a response. If you believe your trademark is being infringed, please see the below instructions for submitting a trademark infringement notice.
NOTICES OF TRADEMARK INFRINGEMENT
We respect the intellectual property rights of others, and take intellectual property concerns seriously. We reserve the right to remove any content from the Services for any reason, including if it infringes the trademark rights of any person under the laws of the United States. Under the appropriate circumstances, we will, and expressly reserves the right to, disable and/or terminate the accounts of users who are repeat trademark infringers.
If you believe in good faith that any content on the Services violates or infringes your trademark rights, please submit a Notice of Trademark Infringement to our DMCA Agent (with the subject line "Trademark Notice") containing the information set forth below:
(a) Complete contact information, including first and last name, mailing address, phone number, and email address.
(b) Identification of the specific word, symbol, or phrase in which you claim trademark rights.
(c) Identification of the basis for your claim of trademark rights (e.g., federal registration, state registration), including the registration number or a copy of the registration certificate, if applicable.
(d) The country, territory, or jurisdiction in which you claim trademark rights.
(e) The category of goods and/or services for which you claim you are entitled to trademark rights.
(f) A hyperlink, screenshot, or other information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material on the Services that you believe violates your trademark rights.
(g) An explanation of how you believe this content infringes your trademark.
(h) If you are not the owner of the trademark, an explanation of your relationship to the owner (e.g., attorney, authorized agent).
(i) A declaration that:
(1) You have a good faith belief that use of the trademark described above, in the manner you have complained of, is not authorized by the trademark owner, its agent, or the law;
(2) The information in your notice is accurate to the best of your knowledge and belief;
(3) Under penalty of perjury, you are the owner of the trademark allegedly infringed, or are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of that trademark.
(4) Your electronic signature or physical signature.
Claims of trademark infringement that include the above-required information should be submitted via e-mail or postal mail to our DMCA Agent as follows:
Arizona Cardinals Football Club LLC
8701 South Hardy Drive
Tempe, AZ 85284
Attention:  General Counsel
(602) 379-0101
dmcaagent@cardinals.nfl.net (Please include "DMCA Notice of Infringement" in the subject line).
Agent for Notices of Infringement Only: The foregoing information is provided exclusively for notifying us that your trademark may have been infringed. Only notices of trademark infringement will receive a response through this process. Notices of infringement that do not contain all the required information (as described above) may not receive a response.
IMPORTANT NOTE
Please be aware that submitting a report of intellectual property infringement is a serious matter with potential legal consequences. For example, intentionally submitting a misleading or fraudulent report may lead to liability for damages under 17 U.S.C. § 512(f), or similar laws in other countries.
Before submitting a notice of infringement, be sure to consider whether fair use or a similar exception to copyright or trademark law may apply to the use. If you are unsure whether the content you are considering reporting infringes your rights, you may wish to seek legal guidance before submitting a notice of infringement.
Do not submit a notice of infringement unless you are the owner of the copyrighted material or trademark that you believe is being infringed, or an agent authorized to act on the owner's behalf.
14. Privacy Policy
We are committed to protecting your privacy and security and we have explained in detail the steps we take to do so in the Arizona Cardinals Privacy Policy. You, in turn, agree and consent to the terms of the Arizona Cardinals Privacy Policy by your use of the Website.
15. Disclaimer of Warranties
THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS." WE MAKE NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER TO YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON RELATING IN ANY WAY TO THE SERVICES, INCLUDING ANY PART THEREOF, OR ANY WEB SITE OR OTHER CONTENT OR SERVICE THAT MAY BE ACCESSIBLE DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY THROUGH THE SERVICES. WE DISCLAIM TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY AND ALL SUCH REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, WE DISCLAIM, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY AND ALL (i) WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, (ii) WARRANTIES AGAINST INFRINGEMENT OF ANY THIRD-PARTY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY OR PROPRIETARY RIGHTS, (iii) WARRANTIES RELATING TO DELAYS, INTERRUPTIONS, ERRORS, OR OMISSIONS IN THE SERVICES, OR ANY PART THEREOF, (iv) WARRANTIES RELATING TO THE TRANSMISSION OR DELIVERY OF THE SERVICES, (v) WARRANTIES RELATING TO THE ACCURACY OR CORRECTNESS OF DATA, AND (vi) WARRANTIES OTHERWISE RELATING TO PERFORMANCE, NONPERFORMANCE, OR OTHER ACTS OR OMISSIONS BY US OR ANY THIRD PARTY. FURTHER, AND WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF ANY OF THE FOREGOING, THERE IS NO WARRANTY THAT THE SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR NEEDS OR REQUIREMENTS OR THE NEEDS OR REQUIREMENTS OF ANY OTHER PERSON. WE MAKE NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, THAT THE INFORMATION PROVIDED THROUGH THE SERVICES WILL BE FREE FROM ERROR, OMISSION, INTERRUPTION, DEFECT, OR DELAY IN OPERATION. ANY INFORMATION ON THE SERVICES IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE WITHOUT NOTICE, AND WE DISCLAIM ALL RESPONSIBILITY FOR THESE CHANGES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, CHANGES TO PRICES, DISCOUNTS, AND HOURS OF OPERATION.
16. Limitation of Liability
IN NO EVENT WILL WE OR ANY OF OUR AFFILIATES, OR ANY PARTY INVOLVED IN CREATING, PRODUCING OR DELIVERING THE SERVICES, INCLUDING ANY AGENTS, CHANNEL PARTNERS AND ASSOCIATED SERVICE PROVIDERS, OR ANY WEB SITE LINKED TO OR FROM THE SERVICES, BE LIABLE IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER FOR ANY DIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES (INCLUDING LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF BUSINESS OR DATA, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, TRADING LOSSES, AND DAMAGES THAT RESULT FROM INACCURACY OF THE INFORMATION OR INCONVENIENCE, DELAY, OR LOSS OF THE USE OF THE SERVICES) ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO THE SERVICES, YOUR ACCESS, USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES OR ANY WEB SITE LINKED TO OR FROM THE SERVICES, ANY CONTENT CONTAINED THEREIN, OR IN CONNECTION WITH ANY FAILURE OF PERFORMANCE, ERROR, OMISSION, INTERRUPTION, DEFECT, DELAY IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION, COMPUTER VIRUS OR LINE OR SYSTEM FAILURE EVEN IF WE OR ANY THIRD PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OR LOSSES. WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO ALTER THE CONTENT OF THE SERVICES IN ANY WAY, AT ANY TIME, FOR ANY REASON, WITHOUT PRIOR NOTIFICATION, AND WILL NOT BE LIABLE IN ANY WAY FOR POSSIBLE CONSEQUENCES OF SUCH CHANGES.
THE LIMITATIONS IN THIS SECTION APPLY WHETHER THE ALLEGED LIABILITY IS BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, OR ANY OTHER BASIS, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. BECAUSE SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OUR LIABILITY IN SUCH JURISDICTIONS SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.
IN NO EVENT SHALL OUR TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES, OR CAUSES OF ACTION ARISING UNDER THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($100.00).
ANY THIRD PARTIES INVOLVED IN CREATING, PRODUCING OR DELIVERING THE SERVICES, INCLUDING ANY AGENTS, CHANNEL PARTNERS AND ASSOCIATED SERVICE PROVIDERS SHALL BE DEEMED THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARIES FOR PURPOSES OF THIS SECTION.
17. Indemnification
Upon our request, you agree to indemnify and hold harmless us, and our subsidiaries, affiliates, directors, officers, agents, licensors, co-branders or other partners and employees, from and against all liabilities, claims and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to, arising out of, or in connection with: (i) any User Content that you submit, post to or transmit through the Services; (ii) your use of the Services; (iii) your online conduct in connection with the Services; (iv) your use of any Modular Content; (v) your violation of this Agreement or your violation of any rights of another; (vi) your failure to comply with any applicable laws or regulations in connection with the Services; (vii) your negligence, willful misconduct, or violations of the intellectual property or other rights of any person in connection with the Services; or (viii) any of your dealings or transactions with other persons resulting from use of the Services. You shall not settle any such claim without our prior written consent. These obligations will survive any termination of this Agreement.
18. Choice of Law; Arbitration and Class Action Waiver
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Arizona, excluding its conflict of law rules. By using the Services, you waive any claims that may arise under the laws of other states, countries, territories, or jurisdictions.
With respect to any and all disputes arising out of or relating to the Services or this Agreement (including without limitation the Privacy Policy), you and the Cardinals agree to negotiate in good faith to achieve a mutually satisfactory resolution. If you and the Cardinals do not resolve any dispute by informal negotiation, any other effort to resolve the dispute will be conducted exclusively by binding arbitration as described in this section. You are giving up the right to litigate (or participate in as a party or class member) all disputes in court before a judge or jury. Instead, all disputes will be resolved before a neutral arbitrator, whose decision will be final except for a limited right of appeal under the Federal Arbitration Act. Any court with jurisdiction over the parties may enforce the arbitrator's award.
ANY PROCEEDINGS TO RESOLVE OR LITIGATE ANY DISPUTE WILL BE CONDUCTED SOLELY ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS. NEITHER YOU NOR THE CARDINALS WILL SEEK TO HAVE ANY DISPUTE HEARD AS A CLASS ACTION OR IN ANY OTHER PROCEEDING IN WHICH EITHER PARTY ACTS OR PROPOSES TO ACT IN A REPRESENTATIVE CAPACITY. No arbitration or proceeding will be combined with another without the prior written consent of all parties to all affected arbitrations or proceedings.
All disputes arising under this Agreement that cannot be settled through informal negotiation will be settled exclusively through confidential binding arbitration in accordance with the Consumer Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association. The arbitrator's award shall be binding and may be entered as a judgment in a court of competent jurisdiction. You agree that the Cardinals may seek any interim or preliminary relief from a court of competent jurisdiction in Arizona necessary to protect its rights or property pending the completion of arbitration.
To the maximum extent permitted by law, you permanently and irrevocably waive the right to bring any claim in any forum unless you provide the Cardinals with written notice of the events or facts giving rise to the claim within one (1) year of their occurrence.
19. United States Jurisdiction
The Services are operated in the United States of America. We do not represent that content or materials presented on the Services are appropriate (or, in some case, unavailable) for use in other locations. If you access the Services from a jurisdiction other than the United States, you agree that you do so on your own initiative, and are responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable to your use of the Services.
20. Severability and Integration
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and us and governs your use of the Services, superseding any prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals (whether oral, written or electronic) between you and us. If any portion of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable, that portion shall be construed in a manner consistent with applicable law to reflect, as nearly as possible, the original intention of the parties, and the remaining portions shall remain in full force and effect. This agreement may be modified only by our posting on the Services changes to this Agreement, or by a subsequent writing signed by us.
21. No Waiver
Our failure to enforce any provisions of this Agreement or to respond to a breach by you or other parties shall not in any way waive its right to enforce subsequently any terms or conditions of this Agreement or to act with respect to similar breaches.
22. No Professional Advice
Any information supplied by any of our employees or agents, whether by telephone, e-mail, letter, facsimile or other form of communication, is intended solely as general guidance on the use of the Services, and does not constitute legal, tax, accounting or other professional advice. Individual situations and state laws vary and users are encouraged to obtain appropriate advice from qualified professionals in the applicable jurisdictions. We make no representations or warranties concerning any course of action taken by any person following or otherwise using the information offered or provided within or through the Services, and we will not be liable for any direct, indirect, consequential, special, exemplary or other damages that may result, including but not limited to economic loss, injury, illness or death.
23. Miscellaneous
You agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists between you and us as a result of this Agreement or your use of the Services. Nothing contained in this Agreement is in derogation of our right to comply with governmental, court and law enforcement requests or requirements relating to your use of the Services or information provided to or gathered by us with respect to such use. A printed version of this Agreement and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to this Agreement to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form.
24. Termination
We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to terminate this Agreement and your access to all or part of the Services, with or without notice and with or without cause. Termination of your access to the Services means the revocation of the limited and temporary license and permission to use the software and other resources of the Services we are granting to you under this Agreement. The provisions of this Agreement will survive the termination of your access to the Services and of this Agreement. In addition, because the license you grant to us in User Content is perpetual, termination of this agreement does not terminate our license to use User Content as described elsewhere in this Agreement.
25. Notices
At our option, we may give notices to users of the Services by posting a message on the Services by electronic or conventional mail or by any other means by which users obtain actual knowledge thereof. Any notices you give to us must be by electronic or conventional mail. Any notices you send to us by electronic mail must be sent to askquestions@cardinals.nfl.net (other than infringement notices, which shall be given as described above).  Notices to us by conventional mail must be sent to: Arizona Cardinals, PO Box 888, Phoenix, AZ 85001, Attn:  Website / General Counsel. Any notice by you to us will not change the terms of this Agreement unless the change is expressly accepted in writing by one of our authorized officers.
26.  Notice to California Consumers
Under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, California users of the Services are entitled to the following specific consumer rights notice:  The Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs may be contacted in writing at 1625 North Market Blvd., Suite N 112, Sacramento CA 95834, or by telephone at (916) 445-1254 or (800) 952-5210.
27. Violations
Please report any violations of this Agreement to askquestions@cardinals.nfl.net.
Arizona Cardinals Website Terms & Conditions – Español
Términos y Condiciones del Sitio Web de los Cardenales de Arizona
Actualizado: Abril 2018
Los siguientes Términos y Condiciones para el Sitio Web (el "Acuerdo") rigen el uso de azcardinals.com (el "Sitio") y las varias ofertas en el Sitio, que incluyen a, pero en ningún caso están limitadas a, la aplicación móvil de los Cardenales de Arizona (colectivamente, dichas ofertas junto con el Sitio son denominados los "Servicios" en el Acuerdo).
Su uso de los Servicios constituye la aceptación del Acuerdo. Usted debe tener 13 años o más de edad para usar los Servicios. Su aceptación de este Acuerdo le proporciona a usted una licencia y un permiso para utilizar el software y los otros recursos de los Servicios; dichos licencia y permiso son temporales y limitados y nosotros mantenemos el derecho de revocar dichos licencia y permiso en cualquier momento, tal como se describe a continuación.
1. Derechos de autor
Somos propietarios o licenciatarios de todos los derechos de autor del texto, las imágenes, las fotografías, el video, el audio, los gráficos, la interface de usuario, y otros contenidos proporcionados en los Servicios, incluyendo al, pero en ningún caso estando limitado al, contenido que pueda originarse de nuestras cuentas de redes sociales,
así como la selección, coordinación, y arreglo de dicho contenido (ya sea por nosotros o por usted) en su alcance total previsto bajo las leyes de derechos de autor de los Estados Unidos de América y otros países. Salvo que se indique expresamente en este Acuerdo, queda prohibido copiar, reproducir, modificar, distribuir, mostrar, realizar o transmitir cualquiera de los contenidos de los Servicios por cualquier motivo, y nada de lo establecido explícitamente o implícitamente en los Servicios le confiere a usted licencia alguna o derecho alguno de contravenir esta prohibición.
Usted podrá utilizar los Servicios y los contenidos incluidos en los Servicios únicamente para su uso individual con fines no comerciales e informativos. Queda estrictamente prohibido cualquier otro uso, incluyendo cualquier fin comercial, sin nuestro consentimiento previo por escrito. Queda prohibida, en la ausencia de nuestro expreso consentimiento previo por escrito, la recuperación sistemática de datos u otro contenido de los Servicios, ya sea para crear o compilar, directamente o indirectamente, una colección, compilación, base de datos o directorio.
2. Derechos de Marca Comercial y Marca de Servicios
Nosotros (o nuestros afiliados) somos dueños de todos los derechos en los nombres de productos, nombres de empresas, nombres comerciales, logotipos, empaques de productos y diseño ("Marcas") de Los Cardenales de Arizona, y los terceros poseen todas las Marcas de sus respectivos productos y servicios, ya sea que aparezcan o no impresos o con el símbolo de marca registrada. El uso no autorizado de tales Marcas, incluyendo la reproducción, imitación, dilución, o usos confusos o engañosos, está prohibido bajo las leyes de marcas comerciales en los Estados Unidos de América y otros países. Se le prohíbe expresamente el uso o mal uso de cualquier Marca, salvo lo expresamente dispuesto en este Acuerdo, y nada de lo establecido explícitamente o implícitamente en los Servicios le confiere a usted licencia alguna o derecho alguno de contravenir esta prohibición.
3. Modificaciones a Este Acuerdo
Nosotros reservamos el derecho a modificar el presente Acuerdo en cualquier momento mediante la publicación de una versión actualizada. Por lo tanto, usted debería visitar periódicamente esta página para revisar el Acuerdo vigente en ese momento. El uso de los Servicios después de la publicación de modificaciones al presente Acuerdo constituirá su aceptación de este Acuerdo en su estado modificado. Si, en cualquier momento, usted no desea aceptar este Acuerdo, usted no podrá hacer uso de los Servicios.
4. Acceso de los Servicios
Para acceder los Servicios, usted debe tener acceso a la World Wide Web, ya sea directamente o a través de dispositivos con acceso al contenido basado en la red, y usted debe cubrir las cuotas de servicio asociadas con dicho acceso.
5. Registro, Usuario, Contraseña, Seguridad
(a) Registro. Un registro podría ser requerido para ciertas áreas de los Servicios. No le otorgamos acceso a ningún usuario a ninguna parte de los Servicios que requiera registro a menos que él o ella haya completado el registro necesario y haya pagado las cuotas, si algunas existen, asociadas con el acceso a dicha parte de los Servicios.
(b) Su Identidad de Usuario. Su nombre de usuario será su identidad con el fin de interactuar con las porciones de los Servicios que requieren su registro, y con otros usuarios a través de los Servicios.
(c) Nombre de Usuario, Contraseñas y Contraseña de Acceso. Usted deberá mantener su nombre de usuario y contraseña para los Servicios de manera confidencial, usted no debe difundir dichos nombre de usuario y contraseña, y usted deberá utilizar dichos nombre de usuario y contraseña exclusivamente en conformidad con el presente Acuerdo. Usted deberá notificarnos inmediatamente si usted sabe o sospecha lo siguiente: (i) cualquier pérdida o robo de su nombre de usuario o contraseña, o (ii) cualquier uso no autorizado de su nombre de usuario o contraseña o de los Servicios. En caso de pérdida, robo, o uso no autorizado, podemos imponerle, a nuestra discreción, obligaciones de seguridad adicionales.
(d) Violaciones de Seguridad y Revisión. Si alguna persona no autorizada obtiene acceso a los Servicios como consecuencia de cualquier acto u omisión de parte suya, usted deberá hacer su mejor intento para determinar la fuente y el modo de adquisición y deberá notificarnos de manera inmediata enviando un correo electrónico a askquestions@cardinals.nfl.net. Usted deberá cooperar y apoyar cualquier investigación relacionada con dicho acceso no autorizado.
6. Contenido Modular
Podemos proporcionar cierto contenido, incluyendo gráficos, texto, audio, video, fotografías, noticias, resultados, u otro material que se pueda incorporar, incluyéndolo como un módulo o vía RSS Feed o alguna tecnología similar, en un sitio web u otro servicio en línea, por cable, inalámbrico, o cualquier otro servicio que no sean parte de los Servicios ("Contenido Modular"). En la medida en que pongamos a disposición el Contenido Modular, usted acepta hacer uso de este de manera responsable y consistente con este Acuerdo y cualquier otra regla o restricción establecida en relación con el Contenido Modular.
Al usar el Contenido Modular o al incorporarlo o asociarlo con un sitio web u otro servicio en línea, por cable, inalámbrico, o cualquier otro servicio que no sea parte de los Servicios, usted acepta no: (1) ocultar la marca del Contenido Modular, reivindicar o insinuar la propiedad o autoría del Contenido Modular, o facilitar que un tercero reivindique o insinúe la propiedad o autoría del Contenido Modular; (2) extraer o editar el Contenido Modular, con excepción de lo permitido específicamente por nosotros; o (3) publicar, ubicar, o utilizar el Contenido Modular en una configuración o forma en la que se pueda asociar con contenido u otro material que (i) sea o pueda ser considerado ilegal, amenazante, abusivo, intolerante, de odio, calumnioso, difamatorio, obsceno, vulgar, ofensivo, pornográfico, profano, sexualmente explícito o indecente; (ii) pueda constituir, promover o alentar conductas que pudieran constituir o dar lugar a un delito, responsabilidad civil u otra violación de cualquier ley local, estatal, nacional, o internacional; (iii) viole, plagie o infrinja los derechos de terceros, incluyendo a, pero en ningún caso limitado a, los derechos de autor, marcas, patentes, derechos de privacidad o publicidad, o cualquier otro derecho de propiedad; (iv) contenga o pueda estar asociado con un virus informático u otro componente dañino; (v) constituya o contenga falsas o engañosas indicaciones de origen o declaraciones de hechos; (vi) contenga cualquier información, software u otro material de naturaleza comercial; o (vii) contenga publicidad, promociones o solicitudes comerciales de cualquier tipo.
Aunque no estamos obligados a hacerlo y no asumimos responsabilidad alguna que se derive de cualquier uso del Contenido Modular, podremos monitorear los sitios web o los servicios en línea, por cable, inalámbricos, u otros servicios con los que se utilice el Contenido Modular. Usted acepta que, sin demora y dentro de las 24 horas subsiguientes a nuestra solicitud, usted eliminará el Contenido Modular de cualquier sitio web o los servicios en línea, por cable, inalámbrico, u otro servicio si nosotros o nuestro agente solicita que usted realice lo dicho, y que usted mantendrá la habilidad de remover Contenido Modular de cualquier sitio web o servicio en línea, por cable, inalámbrico, u otro servicio en el que usted cause que el Contenido Modular sea ubicado o con el cual usted cause que el Contenido Modular sea afiliado. Usted acepta que tenemos el derecho de, y queda a nuestra discreción exclusiva el, solicitar que el Contenido Modular sea eliminado de sitios web u otros servicios en línea, cable, inalámbrico, u otro servicio en cualquier momento y por cualquier motivo, incluyendo a, pero en ningún caso siendo limitado a, los usos prohibidos de Contenido Modular descrito arriba; que nosotros podemos implementar y utilizar protecciones que limiten los sitios web o los servicios en línea, por cable, inalámbricos u otros servicios que sean usados en conjunto con el Contenido Modular o en la manera en que el Contenido Modular pueda ser usado; y que podemos no informarle específicamente de la existencia o naturaleza de estas protecciones.
Proporcionamos el Contenido Modular, si es que lo proporcionamos, de forma voluntaria. Declinamos expresamente cualquier obligación de proporcionar o actualizar el Contenido Modular, mantener su disponibilidad, o asegurarnos de su precisión.
No obstante cualquier declaración de lo contrario hecha por nosotros o por usted o por terceros, el uso del Contenido Modular no crea relación contractual o fiduciaria alguna entre nosotros y usted, o entre nosotros y un tercero, que no sea conforme a este Acuerdo.
7. Shop.azcardinals.com
Shop.azcardinals.com (la "Tienda") le permite ordenar productos (la "Mercancía") proporcionados y administrados por un proveedor independiente, Fanatics. Al poner un pedido en la Tienda, usted reconoce que Fanatics es el único responsable del cumplimiento y el envío de toda la Mercancía solicitada. Fanatics puede ser contactado por teléfono al 1-877-342-4947. Los términos de uso que aplican a La Tienda pueden encontrarse en http:// shop.azcardinals.com/help/terms.
8. Enlaces
Los Servicios pueden contener enlaces a otros servicios ("Servicios Vinculados"). Los Servicios Vinculados no están bajo nuestro control y no somos responsables del contenido de los Servicios Vinculados, incluidos, pero en ningún caso limitados a, los enlaces contenidos en los Servicios Vinculados, o cualquier cambio o actualización a los Servicios Vinculados. Los Servicios proporcionan enlaces solo como una comodidad, y la inclusión de cualquier enlace a un Servicio Vinculado no es una aprobación por nuestra parte de alguna empresa que ofrezca servicios de Internet, productos o servicios dentro de los Servicios Vinculados.
Nosotros podemos incorporar servicios de terceros, software, datos, y/u otro contenido, ya sea independientemente o en conexión con varios programas, características, o funciones disponibles a través de Servicios. Su uso de materiales de terceros puede estar sujeto a otros términos de uso diferentes a este Acuerdo y pueden ser establecidos por proveedores externos, según sea aplicable. Usted acepta que nosotros no asumimos ninguna responsabilidad con respecto al uso de materiales de terceros, ya sea que usted conozca o desconozca su uso, y aun si el uso de dichos materiales sea o no sea recomendado por nosotros.
Usted puede crear un enlace a la página principal de los Servicios sin nuestra autorización siempre y cuando lo haga solo a través de un enlace de texto sin formato. Para cualquier otro tipo de enlace a los Servicios, usted debe obtener nuestro permiso explícito por escrito. Usted puede solicitar nuestra autorización enviando un mensaje a askquestions@cardinals.nfl.net. Si usted proporciona un sitio web de un tercero que esté vinculado por medio de un enlace a los Servicios, usted: (a) no puede crear un marco, navegador de Internet o borde en torno a cualquiera de los contenidos del Sitio; (b) no puede producir una réplica del contenido del Sitio en su sitio web; (c) no dará a entender ni insinuará que aprobamos o patrocinamos a su sitio web o cualquiera de sus productos o servicios; (d) no presentará información falsa acerca de nosotros, el Sitio o cualquiera de nuestros productos o servicios; (e) no utilizará ninguna de nuestras Marcas sin nuestra previa autorización por escrito; y (f) no incluirá ningún contenido que pudiera ser interpretado por nosotros como desagradable, ofensivo o polémico. No obstante cualquier disposición a lo contrario en este Acuerdo, nosotros reservamos el derecho de denegar o revocar el permiso para enlazar al Sitio desde cualquier sitio web, y a requerir la terminación de cualquier enlace al Sitio, por cualquier razón o sin razón alguna y a nuestra única y absoluta discreción.
9. Disponibilidad de Servicios
La disponibilidad del contenido de los Servicios puede verse afectada por una variedad de factores, incluyendo retrasos o cancelaciones de partidos, la aplicación de la política de transmisión de la National Football League (que prohíbe la transmisión de partidos de futbol americano en determinadas circunstancias y en ciertas zonas), problemas técnicos o retrasos de la cadena, reprogramación u otras razones. Usted acepta que no estamos obligados a proporcionarle a usted ningún contenido especifico en virtud del presente Acuerdo.
10. Cumplimiento de Leyes/Reglamentos
Usted está obligado a cumplir con todas las leyes y reglamentos que aplican en relación con el uso de los Servicios y dadas limitaciones adicionales que pueden ser establecidas por nosotros en cualquier aviso por escrito o en pantalla. Al utilizar los Servicios, usted representa y garantiza que no hará uso de los Servicios por ningún propósito que sea ilegal o esté prohibido bajo el presente Acuerdo. Nosotros reservamos el derecho de revelar, en la manera que sea necesaria o apropiada para cumplir satisfactoriamente con cualquier ley, regla, proceso legal o solicitud gubernamental, cualquier información relacionada con usted o su uso de los Servicios en conexión con cualquier investigación por parte nuestra o por parte de autoridades judiciales o policiales.
11. Usos Prohibidos en General
Sin causar ninguna limitación a las provisiones previas, usted se compromete a no transmitir, distribuir, publicar, comunicar o almacenar información u otro material en, hacia, o a través de los Servicios que:
(a) esté protegido por derechos de autor, a menos que usted sea el propietario de los derechos de autor o sea un licenciatario que le permita otorgarnos los derechos y licencias establecidas en el presente Acuerdo;
(b) revele secretos comerciales, a menos que sea el propietario o licenciatario de dichos materiales y usted tenga el derecho de otorgarnos los derechos y licencias establecidos en este Acuerdo;
(c) infrinja cualquier otro derecho de propiedad intelectual de terceros o los derechos de privacidad o publicidad de otros;
(d) sea ilegal, obsceno, indecente, sexualmente explícito, amenazante, dañino, difamatorio, amenazante, acosador, abusivo, odioso, calumnioso o embarazoso para cualquier otra persona o entidad o se refiera negativamente a personas o grupos a causa de su raza, etnia, religión, preferencia sexual, orientación, género, clase, discapacidad o características similares;
(e) contenga declaraciones falsas, inexactas, engañosas o erróneas que pudieran dañar a usted, a nosotros o a un tercero;
(f) constituya anuncios o solicitudes de negocios, encuestas, concursos, cadenas de cartas o esquemas piramidales;
(g) contenga virus, Troyanos, gusanos, bombas de tiempo, u otras rutinas de programación informática o motores de software que tengan por objeto dañar, interferir negativamente, interceptar subrepticiamente o expropiar cualquier sistema, datos o información;
(h) propugne alguna actividad ilegal o trate con actividades ilegales con la intención de cometer dichas actividades; o
(i) de alguna otra manera restrinja a cualquier persona el uso de los Servicios o, a nuestro criterio exclusivo, nos exponga a nosotros, a los usuarios, o a cualquier otro tercero a responsabilidad, daños o perjuicio de cualquier tipo.
Usted además acepta no:
(a) utilizar información biográfica, u otra información que sea para fines de registro como usuario de los Servicios o para fines de registro para cualquier promoción brindada a través de los Servicios, que sea incompleta, falsa o inexacta;
(b) eliminar o modificar cualquier material u otra información de cualquier otro usuario de los Servicios;
(c) recolectar, reunir, o enviar información sobre otros, incluyendo direcciones de correo electrónico, sin el consentimiento de dichos otros;
(d) tomar cualquier acción que imponga una carga irrazonable o desproporcionadamente grande en la infraestructura de uno o más de los Servicios;
(e) utilizar algún dispositivo, software o rutina para interferir o intentar interferir con el funcionamiento adecuado de uno o más de los Servicios o de cualquier actividad que se realice en este Sitio;
(f) utilizar o intentar utilizar cualquier motor de software, software, herramienta, agente u otro dispositivo o mecanismo (incluyendo a, pero en ningún caso estando limitado a, buscadores, arañas, robots, avatares o agentes inteligente) para navegar o buscar en los Servicios con la intención de recopilar, o de alguna otra manera reunir, información de los Servicios para utilizarla con algún propósito comercial;
(g) permitir que cualquier otra persona o entidad utilice su nombre de usuario o contraseña para publicar o ver comentarios o enviar o recibir materiales; o
(h) intentar eludir, burlar, realizar ingeniería inversa, descifrar, descompilar, desensamblar, desencriptar o de otra manera alterar o interferir con (o intentar, alentar, o apoyar el intento de otra persona de participar en tales actividades) cualquier software que conste de o que de alguna forme parte de los Servicios.
Usted además acepta no violar o intentar violar la seguridad de los Servicios, incluyendo al, pero en ningún caso estando limitado al:
(a) acceder a datos no diseñados para usted o para ingresar a un servidor o cuenta a los que usted no esté autorizado para acceder;
(b) intentar explorar, escanear o poner a prueba la vulnerabilidad de un sistema o red o violar las medidas de seguridad o autenticación sin la autorización apropiada;
(c) intentar interferir con el servicio de cualquier usuario, anfitrión o red, incluyendo por medio de, pero en ningún caso estando limitado a, el envío de un virus o una sobrecarga, una inundación, spamming, un bombardeo de correo o una caída de los Servicios;
(d) enviar correo electrónico no solicitado, incluyendo promociones y/o publicidad de productos o servicios; o
(e) falsificar cualquier encabezado de paquetes TCP/IP o cualquier parte de la información del encabezado en cualquier correo electrónico o publicación. Las violaciones de seguridad del sistema o red podrán resultar en responsabilidad civil o penal.
Nosotros podemos investigar eventos que pudieran implicar violaciones de seguridad de los Servicios o de la ley y podemos involucrar, y cooperar con, autoridades judiciales o policiales para entablar una acción judicial en contra de usuarios que participen en tales violaciones.
12. Contenido de Usuario y Comunicaciones
Los Servicios pueden permitir que los usuarios se comuniquen con otros a través de chats en tiempo real, tableros de mensajes, índices de videos y otros elementos. Además, usted puede interactuar con otros usuarios a través de las funciones de futbol americano de fantasía u otros juegos que podemos poner a su disposición de vez en cuando. Cuando su cuenta es utilizada para enviar, publicar, o añadir contenido a los Servicios (colectivamente, "Contenido de Usuario"), usted acepta la responsabilidad por, y asume toda obligación (inclusive a las responsabilidades y obligaciones por reclamaciones de infracción, difamación y calumnias) asociadas con, el Contenido de Usuario, incluyendo a la información, declaraciones, hechos, y material contenido en cualquier forma o medio (por ejemplo, texto, audio, video y fotográfico). Nosotros no reivindicamos que el Contenido de Usuario nos pertenece
(excluyendo expresamente sus datos de usuario, los cuales recolectamos de acuerdo con la Política de Privacidad para el Sitio y excluyendo expresamente cualquier contenido creado por usted basado en contenido existente que nosotros poseemos o licenciamos (por ejemplo, mediante una oferta mashup) sobre los cuales conservamos propiedad total). Sin embargo, al publicar o enviar Contenido de Usuario, a o a través de los Servicios, usted nos concede el derecho y licencia para usar, reproducir, modificar, adaptar, publicar, traducir, crear trabajos derivados del Contenido de Usuario, diseminar, realizar y desplegar el Contenido de Usuario en cualquier lugar, para cualquier propósito, así sea comercial o no comercial, y en cualquier forma, medio o tecnología conocidos ahora o luego desarrollados. Ni nosotros ni nuestros licenciatarios pagaremos compensación alguna por el uso del Contenido de Usuario. Tenemos la libertad de usar cualquier idea, conceptos, conocimientos técnicos, o técnicas contenidas en el Contenido de Usuario para cualquier propósito, incluyendo para, pero en ningún caso limitado a, desarrollo, fabricación y comercialización de productos que usen el Contenido de Usuario. No estamos obligados a mantener ningún Contenido de Usuario y podremos eliminarlo en cualquier momento a nuestro criterio.
Al publicar o enviar Contenido de Usuario a los Servicios, usted también representa y garantiza que usted es propietario o de alguna otra manera usted controla todos los derechos con respecto al Contenido de Usuario, y que el uso del Contenido de Usuario por parte nuestra o cualquiera de nuestros sublicenciatarios no infringirá o violará los derechos de cualquier tercero o cualquier ley que aplique.
Si usted tiene menos de 13 años de edad, usted no podrá presentar, publicar, o agregar Contenido de Usuario a los Servicios. Si usted no es mayor de edad en la jurisdicción en la que usted reside pero tiene más de 13 años de edad, sujeto a cualquier aplicable sorteo, concurso, u otros términos suplementales, usted puede proveer Contenido de Usuario pero solamente con el permiso de, y bajo la supervisión de, uno de sus padres o un guardián legal. Si usted es un padre o guardián legal y está de acuerdo con el presente Acuerdo en beneficio de algún individuo que tenga más de 13 años de edad mas no sea mayor de edad en la jurisdicción de su residencia, sepa que usted será totalmente responsable por el Contenido de Usuario del menor de edad y asume cualquier responsabilidad legal que el menor de edad incurra.
Nosotros reservamos el derecho (pero no tenemos la obligación) de examinar, editar, denegar la publicación o eliminar cualquier Contenido de Usuario, en su totalidad o en parte en cualquier momento y poner fin a su capacidad de publicar Contenido de Usuario en los Servicios en cualquier momento, sin previo aviso, a nuestra discreción exclusiva.
Cualquier característica de juego que pongamos a disposición en los Servicios, incluidas las funciones del fútbol de fantasía, se proporcionan exclusivamente para fines de entretenimiento. Además, se le prohíbe a usted apostar por el resultado de cualquier característica de juego proporcionada en o a través de los Servicios, o usar los Servicios para apostar por el resultado de cualquier partido de la NFL. Si consideramos que usted ha violado las prohibiciones establecidas en el presente apartado, podremos poner fin inmediatamente a su acceso a los Servicios, con o sin previo aviso. No obstante cualquier otra disposición de este acuerdo o de la ley, usted no tendrá derecho a reembolso alguno por las cuotas pagadas a nosotros si su acceso es terminado debido a una violación o presunta violación de este Acuerdo.
Aunque podemos mantener registros técnicos relativos a su uso de los Servicios, no monitorearemos el Contenido de Usuario de manera rutinaria. Usted acepta que no somos responsables por el Contenido de Usuario y que no estamos obligados a monitorearlo. A pesar de su aceptación de que no estamos obligados a monitorear el Contenido de Usuario, si nos percatamos de algún Contenido de Usuario que consideremos esté en violación del presente Acuerdo o que sea obsceno, lascivo, sucio, excesivamente violento, hostigante, o reprensible, podemos, aunque no estamos requeridos a, actuar de buena fe y restringir el acceso o disponibilidad de Contenido de Usuario. También podemos tomar medidas para dar por terminado su acceso a los Servicios o adoptar otras medidas apropiadas, incluyendo, pero en ningún caso estando limitado a, iniciar o apoyar acciones legales.
Si usted se percata de cualquier contenido en los Servicios que usted considere sea reprensible o esté en violación del presente Acuerdo, o que usted considere que puede causar daños a usted, a nosotros, o a terceros, deberá avisarnos inmediatamente de dicho contenido por medio de un correo electrónico enviado a askquestions@cardinals.nfl.net. Aún si usted nos notifica del contenido que usted crea que sea reprensible, usted está de acuerdo con que no estamos obligados a adoptar ninguna medida en particular, o ninguna medida en absoluto, como respuesta a su notificación. Usted acepta que su notificación, en conformidad con el presente apartado, no creará ninguna obligación por nuestra parte hacia usted o cualquier tercero, y que no podremos ser considerados responsables por cualquier acción que tomemos, o por nuestra inacción, posteriormente a que usted nos proporcione su notificación.
13. Aviso y Procedimiento para Presentar Denuncias por Violación de Derechos de Autor
Avisos de infracción de derechos de autor bajo la Ley de Autor del Milenio Digital (DMCA) de los Estados Unidos
Respetamos a los derechos de propiedad intelectual de otros, y consideramos seriamente los asuntos de propiedad intelectual. Nosotros reservamos el derecho de eliminar cualquier contenido de los Servicios por cualquier motivo, inclusive si el contenido infringe los derechos de autor de cualquier persona según las leyes de los Estados Unidos. En las circunstancias apropiadas, vamos a, y expresamente nos reservamos el derecho de, deshabilitar y/o cancelar las cuentas de los usuarios que sean infractores reincidentes de derechos de autor.
En conformidad con el Título 17 del Código de los Estados Unidos, § 512 (c) (2), si usted considera de buena fe que alguno de sus trabajos sujeto a derechos de autor ha sido reproducido y es accesible por medio de los Servicios de una manera que constituya una violación de derechos de autor, por favor envíe una comunicación por escrito a nuestro Agente DMCA con la siguiente información:
(a) Identificación del trabajo cuyos derechos de autor usted reclama hayan sido violados. Le pedimos que, si el trabajo está registrado, por favor incluya el número de registro de derechos de autor o una copia del certificado de registro; si el trabajo no está registrado, por favor incluya una captura de pantalla o una descripción detallada del trabajo.
(b) Identificación del material presuntamente infractor que se solicita sea eliminado y en qué parte de los Servicios se encuentra dicho material. Le pedimos que proporcione un enlace al material presuntamente infractor en los Servicios y describa cómo el material presuntamente infractor infringe su trabajo.
(c) Su nombre, domicilio y número de teléfono en el cual usted permanece disponible durante el día, y una dirección de correo electrónico (si tiene uno disponible), para que podamos ponernos en contacto con usted si es necesario.
(d) Una declaración de que usted cree de buena fe que el uso del trabajo con derechos de autor no está autorizado por el propietario de los derechos de autor, el agente del propietario de los derechos de autor, o la ley.
(e) Una declaración de que la información contenida en el aviso es exacta, y bajo pena de perjurio, que usted es el propietario, o está autorizado para actuar en nombre del propietario, de un derecho de autor exclusivo que presuntamente es infringido.
(f) Una declaración que reconozca que podemos proporcionar una copia de la notificación de infracción, incluyendo cualquier dato de contacto contenido en ella, al usuario que publicó el contenido presuntamente infractor.
(g) una firma electrónica o física de usted o alguna persona autorizada en nombre del propietario de los derechos de autor para afirmar la violación de derechos de autor y presentar la declaración.
Las denuncias de violación que incluyan la información requerida, como se especifica en los apartados de arriba, se deberán enviar por correo postal o correo electrónico a nuestro Agente DMCA como se específica a continuación:
Arizona Cardinals Football Club LLC
8701 South Hardy Drive
Tempe, AZ 85284
Attention: General Counsel
(602) 379-0101
dmcaagent@cardinals.nfl.net (Por favor incluya "DMCA Notice of Infringement" en la línea de asunto).
Agente de la DMCA para Avisos de Infracción Únicamente: la información precedente se proporciona exclusivamente para notificarnos que su derecho de autor o material puede haber sido infringido. Únicamente los avisos de DMCA de infracción de derechos de autor recibirán una respuesta a través de este proceso. Puede que los avisos de infracción de DMCA que no contengan toda la información requerida (como se ha descrito previamente) no reciban una respuesta. Si usted cree que su marca comercial está siendo infringida, por favor consulte las instrucciones a continuación con respecto a avisos de infracción de marca comercial.
AVISOS DE INFRACCIÓN DE MARCA REGISTRADA
Respetamos a los derechos de propiedad intelectual de otros, y consideramos seriamente los asuntos de propiedad intelectual. Nosotros reservamos el derecho de eliminar cualquier contenido de los Servicios por cualquier motivo, incluso si el contenido infringe los derechos de marcas comerciales de cualquier persona según las leyes de los Estados Unidos. En las circunstancias apropiadas, vamos a, y expresamente nos reservamos el derecho de, deshabilitar y/o cancelar las cuentas de los usuarios que sean infractores reincidentes de marcas comerciales.
Si usted considera de buena fe que cualquier contenido en los Servicios viola o infringe sus derechos de marca comercial, por favor envíe un Aviso de Infracción de Marca Comercial a nuestro Agente de DMCA (con el asunto "Trademark Notice" en la línea de asunto) que contenga la información que se establece a continuación:
(a) Datos de contacto completos, incluyendo nombre y apellido, dirección de envío, teléfono y dirección de correo electrónico.
(b) Identificación de la palabra específica, símbolo, o frase respecto a la cual usted reclama derechos de marca comercial.
(c) Identificación de los fundamentos en los que usted basa su reclamo de derechos de marca comercial (por ejemplo, registro federal o registro estatal), incluyendo el número de registro o una copia del certificado de registro, si es que aplican.
(d) El país, territorio, o jurisdicción en la cual usted reclama derechos de marca comercial.
(e) La clase de bienes y/o servicios para los cuales usted reclama que está investido de derechos de marca comercial.
(f) Un enlace, captura de pantalla, u otra información que sea razonablemente suficiente para permitirnos localizar el material en los Servicios que usted crea que sea la causa de la violación de sus derechos de marca comercial.
(g) Una explicación de las bases en las que usted finca su creencia de que dicho contenido infringe su marca comercial.
(h) Si usted no es el dueño/a de la marca registrada, una explicación de su relación con el dueño (por ejemplo, abogado, agente autorizado).
(i) Una declaración indicando que:
(1) Usted cree de buena fe que el uso de la marca comercial descrita anteriormente, de la manera en la que usted se ha quejado, no está autorizado por el dueño/a de la marca comercial, el agente del dueño/a de la marca comercial, o la ley;
(2) La información en su aviso es correcta a su leal saber y entender;
(3) Bajo pena de perjurio, usted es dueño/a de la marca comercial que está presuntamente infringida, o usted está autorizado para actuar en nombre del dueño/a de la marca comercial;
(4) Su firma electrónica o física;
Los reclamos por infracción de marca comercial que incluyan la información descrita en los apartados de arriba deberán ser enviados por medio de correo electrónico o correo postal a nuestro Agente DMCA como se especifica a continuación:
Arizona Cardinals Football Club LLC
8701 South Hardy Drive
Tempe, AZ 85284
Atención: General Counsel
(602) 379-0101
dmcaagent@cardinals.nfl.net (Por favor incluya "DMCA Notice of Infringement" en la línea de asunto).
Agente para Avisos de Infracción Únicamente: la información precedente se proporciona exclusivamente para notificarnos que su marca comercial puede haber sido infringida. Únicamente los avisos de infracción de marca comercial recibirán una respuesta a través de este proceso. Puede que los avisos de infracción de marca comercial que no contengan toda la información requerida (como se ha descrito previamente) no reciban una respuesta.
AVISO IMPORTANTE
Tenga en cuenta que presentar un aviso de infracción de propiedad intelectual es un asunto grave con posibles consecuencias legales. Por ejemplo, enviar intencionalmente un informe engañoso o fraudulento puede dar lugar a responsabilidad por daños bajo 17 U.S.C. § 512(f), u otras leyes similares en otros países.
Antes de enviar un aviso de infracción, asegúrese de considerar si alguna excepción a las leyes de derechos de autor o marcas comerciales puede aplicar al uso del material, como por ejemplo excepciones que permitan el uso de materiales sujetos a derechos de autor, sin permiso del titular de esos derechos pero dentro de los límites permitidos por la ley. Si usted no está seguro si el contenido que usted considera reportar infringe sus derechos, es posible que le convenga buscar asesoramiento legal antes de enviar un aviso de infracción.
No envíe un aviso de infracción a menos que usted sea dueño/a del material sujeto a derechos de autor o de la marca comercial que usted cree está bajo traspaso, o un agente autorizado para actuar en nombre del dueño/a.
14. Política de Privacidad
Estamos convencidos de que tenemos un compromiso con usted a proteger su privacidad y seguridad y hemos explicado detalladamente las medidas que tomamos para hacerlo en la Política de Privacidad de los Cardenales de Arizona. Usted, a su vez, al usar el Sitio, expresa que usted está de acuerdo con y da su consentimiento a estar sujeto a los términos de la Política de Privacidad de los Cardenales de Arizona.
15. Denegación de Garantías
LOS SERVICIOS SE OFRECEN "TAL CUAL." NO HACEMOS DECLARACIÓN O GARANTÍA DE NINGÚN TIPO A USTED O A CUALQUIER PERSONA RELACIONADA DE FORMA ALGUNA CON LOS SERVICIOS, INCLUYENDO CUALQUIER PARTE DE ESTOS, O CUALQUIER SITIO WEB U OTRO CONTENIDO O SERVICIO QUE PUEDA SER DIRECTAMENTE O INDIRECTAMENTE ACCESIBLE A TRAVÉS DE LOS SERVICIOS. DENEGAMOS, AL MÁXIMO GRADO PERMITIDO POR LA LEY, CUALQUIERA Y TODAS DICHAS DECLARACIONES Y GARANTÍAS. SIN LIMITAR LA GENERALIDAD DE LO ANTERIOR, NOSOTROS DENEGAMOS, AL MÁXIMO GRADO PERMITIDO POR LA LEY, CUALQUIERA Y TODAS LAS (i) GARANTÍAS DE COMERCIALIDAD O IDONEIDAD PARA UN PROPÓSITO EN PARTICULAR, (ii) GARANTÍAS CONTRA INFRACCIÓN DE LOS DERECHOS DE TERCEROS CON RESPECTO A DERECHOS DE PROPIEDAD INTELECTUAL O DERECHOS DE PROPIEDAD, (iii) GARANTÍAS RELACIONADAS CON RETRASOS, INTERRUPCIONES, ERRORES, U OMISIONES EN EL SERVICIO O CUALQUIER PARTE DEL MISMO, (iv) GARANTÍAS RELACIONADAS CON LA TRANSMISIÓN O DISTRIBUCIÓN DE LOS SERVICIOS, (v) GARANTÍAS RELACIONADAS CON A LA EXACTITUD O PRECISIÓN DE DATOS, Y (vi) GARANTÍAS RELACIONADAS DE OTRA MANERA CON EL DESEMPEÑO, FALTA DE DESEMPEÑO, U OTROS ACTOS U OMISIONES POR PARTE NUESTRA O DE UN TERCERO. ADICIONALMENTE, Y SIN LIMITAR LA GENERALIDAD DE LO MENCIONADO PREVIAMENTE, NO EXISTE GARANTÍA ALGUNA DE QUE LOS SERVICIOS VAN A SATISFACER SUS NECESIDADES O REQUERIMIENTOS O LAS NECESIDADES O REQUERIMIENTOS DE ALGUNA OTRA PERSONA. NO OFRECEMOS GARANTÍA O DECLARACIÓN ALGUNA, EXPLÍCITA O IMPLÍCITA, DE QUE LA INFORMACIÓN PROPORCIONADA A TRAVÉS DE LOS SERVICIOS SE ENCUENTRE LIBRE DE ERROR, OMISIÓN, INTERRUPCIÓN, DEFECTO, O RETRASO OPERATIVO. CUALQUIER INFORMACIÓN EN LOS SERVICIOS ESTÁ SUJETA A SUFRIR CAMBIOS SIN PREVIO AVISO, Y DENEGAMOS TODA RESPONSABILIDAD POR DICHOS CAMBIOS, INCLUYENDO, PERO EN NINGÚN CASO LIMITADO A, CAMBIOS DE PRECIOS, DESCUENTOS, Y HORARIO DE OPERACIÓN.
16. Limitación de Responsabilidad Civil
EN NINGÚN CASO, NOSOTROS O CUALQUIERA DE NUESTROS AFILIADOS, O CUALQUIER PARTE INVOLUCRADA EN LA CREACIÓN, PRODUCCIÓN O ENTREGA DEL SERVICIO, INCLUYENDO REPRESENTANTES, SOCIOS DE CANALES Y PROVEEDORES DE SERVICIO ASOCIADOS, O CUALQUIER SITIO WEB VINCULADO A O DESDE ESTE SERVICIO, SEREMOS O SERÁ RESPONSABLE DE MANERA ALGUNA POR DAÑOS DIRECTOS, INCIDENTALES, CONSECUENCIALES, INDIRECTOS, ESPECIALES O PUNITIVOS (INCLUYENDO PÉRDIDA DE UTILIDADES, PÉRDIDA DE NEGOCIO O DATOS, INTERRUPCIÓN DE NEGOCIO, PÉRDIDAS COMERCIALES, Y DAÑOS QUE RESULTEN A CAUSA DE UNA INEXACTITUD EN LA INFORMACIÓN O DE UN INCONVENIENTE, UN RETRASO, O UNA PÉRDIDA DE USO DE LOS SERVICIOS) QUE SURJAN DE O QUE ESTÉN RELACIONADOS DE ALGUNA MANERA CON LOS SERVICIOS, ACCESO SUYO, USO O INCAPACIDAD DE USO DE LOS SERVICIOS O CUALQUIER SITIO WEB VINCULADO A O DESDE LOS SERVICIOS, CUALQUIER CONTENIDO DE LOS MISMOS, O EN RELACIÓN CON ALGUNA FALLA DE DESEMPEÑO, ERROR, OMISIÓN, INTERRUPCIÓN, DEFECTO, RETRASO DE OPERACIÓN O TRANSMISIÓN, VIRUS INFORMÁTICO O FALLA EN LA LÍNEA O EN EL SISTEMA AÚN SI NOSOTROS O UN TERCERO HA SIDO NOTIFICADO DE LA POSIBILIDAD DE DICHOS DAÑOS O PÉRDIDAS. NOSOTROS RESERVAMOS EL DERECHO DE MODIFICAR DE CUALQUIER MANERA EL CONTENIDO DE LOS SERVICIOS, EN CUALQUIER MOMENTO, POR CUALQUIER CAUSA, SIN PREVIO AVISO, Y NO SEREMOS RESPONSABLES DE NINGUNA MANERA POR LAS POSIBLES CONSECUENCIAS DE DICHOS CAMBIOS.
LAS LIMITACIONES DE ESTA SECCIÓN APLICAN AUN CUANDO LA PRESUNTA RESPONSABILIDAD SEA BASADA EN UN CONTRATO, ACTO ILÍCITO, NEGLIGENCIA, RESPONSABILIDAD OBJETIVA O CUALQUIER OTRO FUNDAMENTO, INCLUSO SI SE NOS HA ADVERTIDO DE LA POSIBILIDAD DE TAL DAÑO. DADO QUE ALGUNAS JURISDICCIONES NO PERMITEN LA EXCLUSIÓN O LIMITACIÓN DE DAÑOS INCIDENTALES, NUESTRA RESPONSABILIDAD EN DICHAS JURISDICCIONES SERÁ LIMITADA EN LA MÁXIMA MEDIDA PERMITIDA LA LEY.
EN NINGÚN CASO NUESTRA RESPONSABILIDAD TOTAL HACIA USTED POR TODOS LOS DAÑOS, PÉRDIDAS, O CAUSAS DE ACCIÓN JUDICIAL QUE SURJAN BAJO ESTE ACUERDO PODRÁ EXCEDER CIEN DÓLARES ($100.00)
CUALQUIER TERCERO INVOLUCRADO EN LA CREACIÓN, PRODUCCIÓN O DISTRIBUCIÓN DEL SERVICIO, INCLUYENDO A CUALQUIER AGENTE, SOCIOS DE CANALES Y PROVEEDORES DE SERVICIOS ASOCIADOS DEBERÁN SER CONSIDERADOS COMO TERCEROS BENEFICIARIOS PARA LOS PROPÓSITOS DE ESTA SECCIÓN.
17. Indemnización
A solicitud nuestra, usted se compromete a indemnizarnos y mantenernos libres de responsabilidad, así como a nuestros subsidiarios, afiliados, directores, funcionarios, oficiales, representantes, agentes, licenciantes, socios de marcas u otros socios y empleados, de y contra toda responsabilidad, reivindicaciones y gastos, incluyendo honorarios de abogados que sean razonables, hechos por terceros debido a, o que surjan por, o en conexión con: (i) cualquier Contenido de Usuario que usted envíe, publique, o transmita a través de los Servicios; (ii) el uso suyo de los Servicios; (iii) la conducta suya en línea en conexión con los Servicios; (iv) el uso suyo de cualquier Contenido Modular; (v) violación suya del presente Acuerdo o violación suya de cualquier derecho de otro; (vi) incumplimiento suyo con cualquier ley aplicable o regla aplicable en conexión con los Servicios; (vii) negligencia, mala conducta intencional, o violaciones suyas de los derechos de propiedad intelectual u otros derechos de cualquier persona en conexión con los Servicios; o (viii) cualquiera de sus relaciones comerciales o transacciones con otras personas como resultado del uso de los Servicios. Usted no puede llegar a un arreglo con respecto a tales reclamos sin nuestro consentimiento previo por escrito. Estas obligaciones sobrevivirán a la terminación de este Acuerdo.
18. Elección del Derecho Aplicable; Arbitraje y Renuncia a Acción de Clase
Este Acuerdo se regirá e interpretará de acuerdo con las leyes del Estado de Arizona, excluyendo a sus reglas con respecto al Derecho Internacional Privado y al conflicto entre diversas leyes y normas legales. Al usar los Servicios, usted renuncia a cualquier reivindicación que pueda surgir bajo las leyes de otros estados, países, o jurisdicciones.
Con respecto a todas y cada una de las disputas que surjan o se relacionen con los Servicios o este Acuerdo (incluida, entre otras, la Política de Privacidad), usted y los Cardenales acuerdan negociar de buena fe para lograr una resolución mutuamente satisfactoria. Si usted y los Cardenales no resuelven alguna disputa mediante negociaciones informales, cualquier otro esfuerzo para resolver la disputa se realizará exclusivamente mediante un arbitraje vinculante como se describe en esta sección. Usted renuncia al derecho de litigar (o participar como parte o miembro de alguna clase) todas las posibles disputas en corte ante un juez o jurado. En lugar, todas las disputas se resolverán ante un árbitro neutro, cuya decisión será definitiva, excepto por un derecho limitado de apelación bajo la Ley Federal de Arbitraje de los Estados Unidos (Federal Arbitration Act). Cualquier corte con jurisdicción sobre las partes puede hacer cumplir el laudo arbitral.
CUALQUIER PROCEDIMIENTO PARA RESOLVER O LITIGAR CUALQUIER DISPUTA SERÁ REALIZADO EXCLUSIVAMENTE DE MANERA INDIVIDUAL. NI USTED NI LOS CARDENALES BUSCARÁN O PEDIRÁN QUE ALGUNA DISPUTA SEA PROCESADA COMO UNA ACCIÓN DE CLASE O EN CUALQUIER OTRO PROCEDIMIENTO EN EL QUE CUALQUIERA DE LAS PARTES ACTÚE O PROPONGA ACTUAR EN UNA CAPACIDAD REPRESENTATIVA. Ningún arbitraje o procedimiento se combinará con otro sin el consentimiento previo por escrito de todas las partes de todos los arbitrajes o procedimientos afectados.
Todas las disputas que surjan de este Acuerdo que no puedan resolverse mediante negociaciones informales se arreglarán exclusivamente a través de un arbitraje vinculante y confidencial de acuerdo con las Reglas de Arbitraje del Consumidor de la Asociación Americana de Arbitraje. El laudo arbitral será vinculante y podrá presentarse como un fallo en una corte con jurisdicción competente. Usted acuerda que los Cardenales pueden buscar o pedir cualquier reparación judicial que sea provisional o preliminar por parte de una corte con jurisdicción competente en Arizona de manera que sea necesaria para proteger los derechos o propiedad de los Cardenales mientras el arbitraje esté pendiente.
En la medida máxima permitida por la ley, usted renuncia de manera permanente e irrevocable al derecho de presentar cualquier reivindicación en cualquier foro o tribunal a menos que le proporcione a los Cardenales un aviso por escrito de los eventos o hechos que dieron a lugar al reclamo dentro de un (1) año de su ocurrencia.
19. Jurisdicción en los Estados Unidos de América
La operación de los Servicios se hace en los Estados Unidos de América. No declaramos que el contenido o los materiales presentados en los Servicios son apropiados (o, en algunos casos, no estén disponibles) para usarse en otros lugares. Si accede a los Servicios desde una jurisdicción distinta a los Estados Unidos de América, usted acepta que lo hace bajo su propia iniciativa, y usted es responsable de cumplir con las leyes locales en la medida que sean aplicables para el uso suyo de los Servicios.
20. Divisibilidad e Integración
Este Acuerdo constituye la totalidad del acuerdo entre usted y nosotros y rige el uso de los Servicios, y reemplaza cualquier comunicación y propuesta previa o contemporánea (ya sea oral, escrita o electrónica) entre usted y nosotros. Si se determina que cualquier parte de este Acuerdo es inválida o inejecutable, dicha disposición deberá ser interpretada de una manera consistente con la ley que aplique para reflejar, tanto como sea posible, la intención original de las partes, y las porciones restantes permanecerán en plena vigencia y efecto. Este acuerdo puede ser modificado por nosotros únicamente por medio de nuestra publicación de los cambios a este Acuerdo en los Servicios, o por un escrito subsiguiente firmado por nosotros.
21. Sin Renuncia
Nuestra falla de hacer cumplir cualquier disposición del presente Acuerdo o de responder a una violación por parte suya o por parte de otra parte no causará, de ninguna manera, nuestra renuncia al derecho de subsiguientemente hacer cumplir cualquiera de los términos o condiciones de este Acuerdo o de actuar con respecto a violaciones similares.
22. Sin Asesoramiento Profesional
Cualquier información proporcionada por cualquiera de nuestros empleados o agentes, ya sea por teléfono, correo electrónico, carta, fax u otro medio de comunicación, tiene la exclusiva intención de ser una guía general del uso de los Servicios, y no constituye asesoramiento legal, fiscal, de impuestos, contable, ni de otra manera profesional. Las situaciones individuales y las leyes estatales varían y se les aconseja a los usuarios obtener asesoría de profesionales calificados en las jurisdicciones aplicables. No hacemos ninguna representación ni garantía con respecto a cualquier línea de acción llevada a cabo por cualquier persona que haga uso de la información ofrecida o proporcionada dentro o a través de los Servicios, y nosotros no seremos responsables de ningún daño directo, indirecto, consecuente, especial, ejemplar u otros daños que puedan resultar, incluyendo a, pero en ningún caso limitados a, la pérdida económica, perjuicio, lesión, enfermedad o muerte.
23. Misceláneos
Usted acuerda que no existe algún proyecto en conjunto, empresa conjunta, labor en conjunto, sociedad, o relación de agencia entre usted y nosotros como resultado de este Acuerdo o el uso suyo de los Servicios. Nada de lo contenido en este Acuerdo constituye una derogación de nuestro derecho a cumplir con solicitudes gubernamentales, legales o de autoridades judiciales o policiales, o con requerimientos relacionados con el uso suyo de los Servicios o información proporcionada o recopilada por nosotros con respecto a dicho uso. La versión impresa de este Acuerdo y de todo aviso proporcionado en forma electrónica serán admisibles, en la misma medida en que y con sujeción a las mismas condiciones que otros documentos y registros comerciales que son originalmente generados y mantenidos en forma impresa, en procedimientos judiciales o administrativos que se basen o existan en relación con el presente Acuerdo.
24. Terminación
Nosotros reservamos el derecho, a nuestra discreción exclusiva, a terminar este Acuerdo y el acceso suyo a todos o parte de los Servicios, con o sin previo aviso y con o sin causa justificada. La terminación de su acceso a los Servicios significa que su licencia limitada y temporal y su permiso limitado y temporal para utilizar el software y otros recursos de los Servicios que nosotros le otorgamos bajo este Acuerdo han sido revocados. Las disposiciones del presente Acuerdo sobrevivirán a la terminación de su acceso a los Servicios y del presente Acuerdo.
Adicionalmente, debido a que la licencia que usted nos otorga con respecto al Contenido de Usuario es perpetua, la terminación de este Acuerdo no causa la terminación de nuestra licencia para utilizar el Contenido de Usuario como se describe en otras porciones del presente Acuerdo.
25. Avisos
A nuestra opción, nosotros podemos proporcionar avisos a los usuarios de los Servicios mediante la publicación de un mensaje en los Servicios por medio de correo electrónico o correo tradicional o por cualquier otro medio por el cual los usuarios adquieran conocimiento de estos. Todos los avisos que usted nos envíe deben ser por correo electrónico o correo postal. Cualquier notificación que nos envíe por correo electrónico debe enviarse a askquestions@cardinals.nfl.net (aparte de los avisos de infracción, los cuales deberán ser entregados como se indica en los apartados de arriba). Los avisos dirigidos hacia nosotros por correo tradicional deberán ser enviados a: "Arizona Cardinals, PO Box 888, Phoenix, AZ 85001 Attn: Website / General Counsel." Cualquier aviso por parte suya hacia nosotros no modificará los términos de este Acuerdo a menos que dicha modificación sea explícitamente aceptada por escrito por uno de nuestros oficiales autorizados.
26. Aviso a los Consumidores de California
Bajo la Sección 1789.3 del Código Civil de California, los usuarios de los Servicios en California tienen derecho al siguiente aviso específico con respecto a los derechos del consumidor: La Unidad de Asistencia de Quejas de la División de Servicios al Consumidor del Departamento de Asuntos del Consumidor de California puede ser contactada por escrito a 1625 North Market Blvd., Suite N 112, Sacramento CA 95834, o por teléfono al (916) 445-1254 o (800) 952-5210.
27. Violaciones
Por favor reporte cualquier violación de este Acuerdo a askquestions@cardinals.nfl.net.
Advertising
Big left arrow icon
Big right arrow icon
Close icon
Copy Url
Three dots icon
Down arrow icon
Email icon
Email icon
Exit Fullscreen icon
External link icon
Facebook logo
Football icon
Facebook logo
Instagram logo
Snapchat logo
YouTube logo
TikTok logo
Spotify logo
LinkedIn logo
Grid icon
Key icon
Left arrow icon
Link icon
Location icon
Mail icon
Menu icon
Open icon
Phone icon
Play icon
Radio icon
Rewind icon
Right arrow icon
Search icon
Select icon
Selected icon
TV icon
Twitter logo
Twitter logo
Up arrow icon
User icon
Audio icon
Tickets iconAdd to calendar iconNFC icon
AFC icon
NFL icon
Carousel IconList ViewWebsite
InstagramTwitterFacebookSnapchatShop IconProfile Overlay
AvatarAddAirplayArrow LeftArrow RightArrow UpArrow DownAudioBack 5sBack 10sBack 30sCalendarChartCheckDownLeftRightUpChromecast OffChromecast OnCloseClosed CaptionsBench OffBench OnBroad OffBroad OnVertical OffVertical OnCommentDockDoneDownloadDraftFantasyFilterForward 5sForward 10sForward 30sFull Screen OffFull Screen OnGamepassGamesInsightsKeyLeaveLiveCombineDraftFantasyMenu GamesMenu NetworkMenu NewsMenu PlayoffsMenu Pro BowlMenu ShopMenu StandingsMenu StatsMenu Super BowlMenu TeamsMenu TicketsMenuMore HorizontalMore VerticalMy LocationNetworkNewsPauseplayMultiple PlayersSingle PlayerPlaylistPlayoffsPro BowlPurgeRefreshRemoveReplaySearchSettingsShare AndroidShare Copy URLShare EmailShare FacebookShare InstagramShare iOSShare SnapchatShare TwitterSkip NextSkip PreviousStandingsStarStatsSwapTeamsTicketsVideoVisibility OffVisibility OnVolume HiVolume LowVolume MediumVolume MuteWarningWebsite
Caret downCaret upAt
The browser you are using is no longer supported on this site. It is highly recommended that you use the latest versions of a supported browser in order to receive an optimal viewing experience. The following browsers are supported: Chrome, Edge (v80 and later), Firefox and Safari.
Got it!