https://www.cestsibonla.com/terms-and-conditions/
Home / Terms and Conditions
It’s the fine print.
Shipping & Delivery
We offer shipping via US Postal Service at $12.95 on all orders under $100.00.  All orders are processed within three business days, excluding weekends and holidays.  Should you need expedited shipping please contact us for pricing information.
Privacy & Security
Thank you for accesssing the web site (“site”) of C’est Si Bon, we respect your privacy and want to protect your personal information.  To learn more, please read this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use and (under certain conditions) disclose your personal information.  This Privacy Policy also explains the steps we have taken to secure your personal inforamtion.  Finally, this Privacy Policy explains your options regarding the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information.  By visiting our Site, you accept the practices described in this Policy.  This privacy policy applies on to this Site.  This privacy policy does not necessarily apply to our offline collection of your personal information.  Please see below for details.
We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices on any non-Cestsibonla.com web site to which this site links or that links to this site.
Information Collection:  We collect information from you in several different ways on this site.  One goal in collecting personal information from you is to provide an efficient, meaningful, and customized experience.  For example, we can use your personal information to:
help make this site easier for you by not having you enter the same information more than once.
help you quickly find infromation, products, and services.
help us create content on this Site that is most relevent to you.
alert you to new information, products, and services that we offer.
Registration and Ordering:  Before using certain parts of this Site or ordering products, you must complete an online registration form.  During registration, you will be prompted to provide to us certain personal information, including but not limited to your name, shipping and billing addresses, phone number, emur country of residence and/orails address, and credit card number.  In addition, we may also ask you for you for your country of residence and.or your organizations country of operation, so we can comply with applicable laws and regulations, and for your gender.  These kinds of personal information are used for billing purposes, to fulfill your orders, to comminicate with you about your order and our site, and for internal marketing purposes.  If we encounter a problem when processing your order we use the personal information to contact you.
Email Addresses:  Several locations of the Site permit you to enter your email address for purposes including but not limited to:  to register for a free giveaway; to request us to notify you when we receive a new brand, new product style, or product size, to sign up for our email newsletter and special offers.  Your participation in a contest is completely voluntary, so you have a choice whether to participate and disclose information to us.  We use this information to notify contest winners and to award prizes.  We may post on our site the names and cities of contest winners.
Returns & Replacements
Your complete satisfaction is a priority to us.  If, for any reason, you are dissatisfied with your pruchase, you may return to item(s) for a full refund or exchange, provided you follow the guidelines below.
Items may be retuned for a refund within 30 days of purchase.  Items may be exchanged or returned for store credit within 60 days of purchase.  After 60 days, all sales are final. Personalized items are non-returnable.
You must complete the Merchandise Return Authorization Form and send it in with your return.
If the item does not fit or you want to return or exchange it for any other reason then you will be responsible for the cost of shipping the item back to us.
We cannot accept returns if:
the item is not in new, unused condition.
you have failed to include a completed return form.
the return is not properly packaged in the original packaging.  Items returned without proper packaging will be charged a 20% restocking fee.
Procedure for returns:
Complete the return form inlcuded in your order and ship it, along with your return and a copy of your sales receipt to:
C’est Si Bon
Attn:  Returns
20182 Thornwood Drive
Hammond, LA 70403
Items must be returned with all original tags and packaging.
Ordering
We at C’est Si Bon encourage you to use our easy-to-use online shopping cart.  You may access the shopping cart 24/7 through the navigation menu. Please note, once your order is proccessed, it cannot be cancelled.
Payment, Pricing & Promotions
We accept payment by credit card (VISA, MasterCard, American Express, or Discover) or PayPal through our convenient shopping cart.  Pricing on items is subject to change without notice and we reserve the right to refuse to honor any incorrect Internet prices.  We strive to bring you the best prices possible on all of our products.
Viewing Orders
Check the status of any of your orders by visiting our Order Status page.  This is the easiest and fastest way to get the most current information regarding your order.
12.95 flat rate shipping on all orders! Dismiss
0
Your Cart