https://www.liveabout.com/illegal-cheerleading-stunts-3977678
Share
PINTEREST
Email
Print
Sports & Athletics
Cheerleading
Cheers
Baseball
Basketball
Bicycling
Billiards
Bodybuilding
Bowling
Boxing
Car Racing
Cricket
Extreme Sports
Football
Golf
Gymnastics
Ice Hockey
Martial Arts
Professional Wrestling
Skateboarding
Skating
Paintball
Soccer
Swimming & Diving
Table Tennis
Tennis
Track & Field
Volleyball
Other Activities
Learn More
By
Valerie Ninemire
Valerie Ninemire is a journalist, former cheerleader and the editor of Cheer Coach & Advisor magazine.
our editorial process
Valerie Ninemire
Updated July 01, 2017
The stunt pictured on the left is an illegal stunt for school squads that follow National Federation rules. It was a featured stunt on the About Cheerleading site a while back and is still posted under our featured stunt index.I'm always amazed when an illegal stunt is posted and I receive very little feedback about it. I know I post a disclaimer that the stunts are for entertainment only, but if you are a coach, parent or cheerleader and you saw an illegal stunt being performed would you say something? I often wonder. If not, you should. I can't stress enough the importance of coaches, advisors and parents staying well-informed and aware of all safety guidelines and rules. Please take the time to visit the associations listed below to learn more about cheerleading safety.Debbie Bracewell, Executive Director of the NCSSE, is the only person that mentioned this illegal stunt and she wrote this about it. “One important coaching aspect in spirit safety is to know the rules for your activity. Cheer coaches should know their state’s rules and regulations for stunting. The stunt pictured here is not legal for school squads according to National Federation guidelines. If your state mandates you should follow the National Federation spirit rules, your squad would not be allowed to build this stunt. It is gratifying to know that cheerleaders and coaches alike have seen this photo and realized that for their groups, this stunt is illegal. Coaching education should be an integral part of any cheer program and attending rules interpretation meetings helps reinforce that safety should be your first consideration when planning your stunts and pyramids.” - Thanks, Debbie!
AACCANCSSENFHSUSASF
- By Debbie BracewellPhoto © 2005 Grandview Cheerleaders
Cheerleading Fun Facts & History
Understanding the Different Types of Cheerleaders
The Main Elements of a Cheerleading Competition Routine
Cheerleading Stunts - JV Squads
Cheerleading Stunts - Small to Medium Varsity Squads
Tips for Juniors Who Want to Play College Golf
Flo Hyman - One of America's Best
Are Muslims Exempt from Obamacare?
9 Strategies for Father to Teach Values at Home
How to Plan an Overnight Canoe or Kayak Paddling Trip
Bodybuilding Guide
Making a Living in Manga
Christmas Jokes
Palinisms: Sarah Palin's Dumbest Quotes
The History of Hip-Hop: 1925 to Now
Dumbest Political Quotes of All Time