http://www.grandprixkarting.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Birmingham WheelsKarting Centre
call now on 0121 327 7700
race@grandprixkarting.co.uk
Office Open: Tue - Sun, 10am - 6pm  »»  Circuit bookable: 24/7
Circuits
International & National Circuits
Club Practice Circuit
Corporate Events
Event Formats / Prices
Catering
Extras
Meetings & Conferences
Adults 14+ yrs
Individuals
Group Events 10 - 100+ Drivers
Stag & Hen Parties
Students
Gift Vouchers
Open League Challenge 2020
Special Offers & Events
Juniors 8-15 yrs
Individuals 8 years+
Kids Parties 8 - 15 years
Owner Drivers
Hot Laps
Gallery
Contact Us
Location
Email
Print
Privacy Policy
This page sets out our privacy policy for this website and how we safeguard the privacy of our website visitors.
Logging Access to our Web Site
This website uses IP addresses and cookies to collect data about how the site is used to enable us to understand and respond to the needs of our users. IP addresses are not linked to individuals and the data we collect does not contain any personally identifiable information.
Cookies
A cookie is a message (usually in the form of a unique ID number) given to a Web Browser by a Web Server. The Browser stores this message in a text file on the user's hardware. This message is then sent back to the Server each time the Browser requests a page from the Server. This allows web applications to respond to you as an individual and tailor their operations to your needs by customizing its pages for you.
We may also use cookies to keep track of users whilst navigating the website to identify which pages are being used. This helps us to analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you.
Most Web Browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your Browser's settings to decline cookies if you prefer, although this will have a negative effect upon the usability of many websites. Cookies are deleted from your computer either when you close your Browser or reach a specified expiry date.
Third Party Links
This website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest easily. If you use these links then you leave our website. These links are provided for your information and convenience only and are not an endorsement of any kind by Grand Prix Karting. We do not have any control over the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party website, therefore we assume no responsibility for them or guarantee their availability should you choose to visit.
Collection of Personal Details:
Any information you send through our contact forms is kept confidential. Your email address, contact details and any other information sent via our contact forms is not passed on in any shape or form to any other third party without your express permission in writing.
We collect the data of all drivers to ensure that we have a definitive record of who has read and completed our disclaimer prior to their being allowed to drive on the circuits. We also collect personal data that you give us for sales and marketing purposes and we may use your personal data to send you details of activities we offer from time to time. We may contact you by post, phone, fax or email.
We will be storing the information supplied, together with details of the activities you have undertaken with us and mailings we have sent you. Grand Prix Karting collects information from our users at several different points on our website and also at our venue.
Opt-Out
Our users are given the opportunity to 'opt-out' of having their information used for purposes not directly related to our site at the point where we ask for the information. For example, our order form has an 'opt-in' mechanism so users who buy a product from us, but don't want any marketing material, can keep their email address off of our lists.
Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter or promotional materials may opt-out of receiving these communications by using the link supplied with each mailing or by notifying the Company Secretary.
Online Booking
We ask for contact details on our order form and credit/debit card information on the payment processing form. Online bookings are securely processed by our acquirer, Worldpay and/or PayPal. Grand Prix Karting does not store or retain card details given online.
The information collected is used for billing purposes only and to fulfil your order. If we have any trouble processing your order, these details are used to contact you about your booking.
Consent
By clicking on the submit or send button at the bottom of a contact form you consent to Grand Prix Karting processing your personal data in the manner outlined above.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required to by law.
GIFT VOUCHERS
Don't settle for boring old socks or smellies again this year. Treat your loved one to the gift of speed!
Buy Vouchers
ONLINE BOOKING
Save at least 10% on selected events for small groups & individuals when you book online.
Book Online
SPECIAL OFFERS
Check out our latest special money saving offers and special events.
Special Offers
VIDEOS
Birmingham Wheels Promo
In Kart Footage
SOCIAL NETWORKING
Share us on the following sites.
JOB OPPORTUNITIES
Recruiting now - click for details.
Job Opportunities
Grand Prix Karting
Birmingham Wheels1 Adderley Road South
Birmingham
B8 1AD
T: 0121 327 7700
F: 0121 327 8576
Our Circuits
Groups & Individuals
Corporate Events
Juniors 8-15 yrs
Photo Gallery
Club Brochure
Corporate Brochure
Special Offers
Job Opportunities
Contact
Location
Aerial View
Privacy Policy