http://www.lastfrontierheli.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Weather
Bell 2 LODGE
Ripley CREEK
Cloudy -3° currently
-4°
high
-12°
low
Cloudy -4° currently
-5°
high
-12°
low
Weather Report We’ve been doing what we do since 1996 and have never had an issue with privacy. As times change (society dictates the need the need for lengthy disclaimers and policy) we have produced our version below of how we see things.In short though, everyone has a different view on what constitutes the right amount of information, whether it’s the number of emails sent, credit card details kept on file to make future billing easier or whether you like your beer served in chilled glass. If ever there’s something that concerns you – just ask and we’ll happily let you know how we deal with it and why. We’ll never claim to get every last detail right every time, but we pride ourselves on being good solution finders. If ever we do something you don’t like, just let us know right away and we can can fix it quickly….just like any aspect of your trip with us.Privacy Policy – Updated August 21, 2018Your privacy is important to us. We will not, under any circumstances, share any of the information you provide to any 3rd parties without your prior consent. This privacy policy sets out the basis on which data is collected by, provided to or processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.If you want to contact us about any use of personal data, please email us.1. About usLast Frontier Heliskiing was founded in 1996 and is based in British Columbia, Canada. Our head office is situated in Vernon, BC and we have heliski operations at Bell 2 Lodge and Ripley Creek, in Stewart, BC.2. What personal information do we collect and from whereInformation about your computer and about your visits to and use of this website (including your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths).Information that you provide to us when registering with our website (including your email address).Information that you provide when completing a booking form.Identifying information, for example, date of birth and gender provided during the booking process.Medical information, when given by participants during the booking process.Information that you provide to us when subscribing to our email newsletters (including your name and email address).Information that you provide to us when using our website, or that is generated in the course of the use of those services (including the timing, frequency and pattern of service use).Any other personal information that you choose to send to us.2. Using personal informationPersonal information submitted to us through our website will be used for the purposes specified in this policy or on the relevant pages of the website.Internal record keeping.We may use your personal information to:Personalise our website for you.Send brochures.Answer enquiries.Send statements, invoices and payment reminders to you.Collect payments from you.Send you marketing communications related to our business or the businesses of carefully-selected third parties which we think may be of interest to you, by post or by email.Send you our email newsletter, if you have requested it (you can unsubscribe at any time).Carry out business and statistical analysis.To comply with applicable law, regulation and internal compliance.The most common use of personal information is in the administration of a participant’s upcoming/ongoing trip.4. Disclosing personal informationWe may disclose your personal information to any of our employees, officers, insurers, professional advisers, agents, suppliers or subcontractors insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this policy.We may disclose your personal information: to the extent that we are required to do so by law; to the purchaser (or prospective purchaser) of any business or asset that we are (or are contemplating) selling; in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights;You expressly agree to the transfers of personal information described above.You are entitled to view, amend, or delete the personal information that we hold. Email your request to us here.5. Security of personal informationYou acknowledge that the transmission of information over the internet is inherently insecure, and we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the internet. However, we will take all reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.6. Marketing CommunicationsWe may use your information to send you emails, for example, with newsletters and invitations to events, and if you do not wish to receive these kinds of communications, you can opt out of our mailing list.7. Website & CookiesOur website uses cookies. A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. Cookies may be either “persistent” cookies or “session” cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed. Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies. We use both session and persistent cookies on our website.If you are a user of our website and you want to delete any cookies already on your computer, please refer to the help and support area on your internet browser for instructions on how to locate the file or directory that stores cookies. You can block cookies by activating the setting on your internet browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies.Blocking all cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites. If you block cookies, you will not be able to use all the features on our website.To find out more about cookies, please visit www.allaboutcookies.org7.1. Performance CookiesWe use performance cookies which collect anonymous information on how people use our website. For example, we use Google Analytics cookies to help us to understand how users arrive at our website, browse or use our website and highlight areas where we can improve such as navigation. The data stored by these cookies never shows personal details from which users’ individual identities can be established.7.2. Use of web beaconsSome of our web pages may contain electronic images known as web beacons (sometimes known as clear gifs) that allow us to count users who have visited these pages. Web beacons collect only limited information which includes a cookie number, time and date of a page view, and a description of the page on which the web beacon resides. We may also carry web beacons placed by third party advertisers. These beacons do not carry any personally identifiable information and are only used to track the effectiveness of a particular campaign.7.3. Links to other websitesOur website may contain links to other websites over which we have no control. We are not responsible for privacy policies or practices of other websites to which users choose to link from our website. We encourage users to review the privacy policies of those other websites to understand how they collect, use and share personal information.8. Retention of informationWe retain information we collect for as long as is reasonably necessary to comply with the purposes set out in Section 3.9. Your rightsYou have a right to access information we hold about you, and know for what purpose we use that information.You have a right to correct inaccuracies in information we hold about you.You have a right to withdraw any consent you have given to use of your information.You have a right to complain to the relevant supervisory authority in any jurisdiction about our use of your information.You have a right to in some circumstances to:Request that we erase information we hold about you.Receive a copy of any personal information provided by you and require us to provide this information to a third party.Restrict the use of information we hold about you.Object to the use of information we hold about you, including where that information is used for direct marketing purposes.You can exercise these rights by contacting us here.10. AmendmentsWe may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes to this policy.Build Your TripPlot out the ideal heliski itinerary using our trip builder. Start Here Get Our NewsletterName*
Your First Name
Your Last Name Email* Your information is safe with us. Read our privacy policy.EmailThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Send