https://www.hookedoncycling.co.uk/privacy-cookie-policy/
Cycling Holidays in Europe & UKEmail: info@hookedoncycling.co.uk | Tel: +44 (0)1506 635 399
— Main Menu —Home
Holidays - Northern Europe - - England
- - Finland
- - Ireland
- - Scotland
- - Sweden
- - Wales
- Western Europe - - Austria
- - Belgium
- - France
- - Germany
- - Holland
- - Switzerland
- Eastern Europe - - Czech Republic
- - Poland
- - Romania
- - Slovenia
- Southern Europe - - Croatia
- - Greece
- - Italy
- - Montenegro
- - Portugal
- - Spain
- Cycling Holidays by Type - - Bike & Boat Holidays
- - E-Bike Holidays
- - Family Cycling Holidays (under 12)
- - Active Teen Family Cycling Holidays
- - Road Bike Cycling Holidays
- - Sporting/Experienced Road Cyclists
- - Gran Fondo and Cycle Sportives
- Cycling Holidays By Level - - Easy Cycling Holidays
- - Easy to Moderate Cycling Holidays
- - Moderate Cycling Holidays
- - Challenging Cycling Holidays
- Guided Cycling Holiday Dates
Information - About Hooked on Cycling - - Our Story
- - Meet the Team
- About Our Cycling Holidays - - Holiday Gradings
- - Self Guided vs Guided
- - General FAQ
- - E-Bike FAQ
- Brochure Request
- Reviews
- Essential Travel Information
Book With Us - Booking Process
- Booking Conditions
- Payment Methods
- Travel Insurance
Tour Selector
Contact Us
Home
Holidays
Northern Europe
England
Finland
Ireland
Scotland
Sweden
Wales
Western Europe
Austria
Belgium
France
Germany
Holland
Switzerland
Eastern Europe
Czech Republic
Poland
Romania
Slovenia
Southern Europe
Croatia
Greece
Italy
Montenegro
Portugal
Spain
Cycling Holidays by Type
Bike & Boat Holidays
E-Bike Holidays
Family Cycling Holidays (under 12)
Active Teen Family Cycling Holidays
Road Bike Cycling Holidays
Sporting/Experienced Road Cyclists
Gran Fondo and Cycle Sportives
Cycling Holidays By Level
Easy Cycling Holidays
Easy to Moderate Cycling Holidays
Moderate Cycling Holidays
Challenging Cycling Holidays
Guided Cycling Holiday Dates
Information
About Hooked on Cycling
Our Story
Meet the Team
About Our Cycling Holidays
Holiday Gradings
Self Guided vs Guided
General FAQ
E-Bike FAQ
Brochure Request
Reviews
Essential Travel Information
Book With Us
Booking Process
Booking Conditions
Payment Methods
Travel Insurance
Tour Selector
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Home » Information » Privacy Policy
Hooked on Cycling understands and respects the importance of your privacy.
This Privacy Policy explains what happens to any personal data that you provide to us, or that we collect from you whilst you visit our site www.hookedoncycling.co.uk
Updates & Changes
We do update this Policy from time to time so please do come back to review this Policy regularly.
How Will We Collect This Information?
We will only collect personal information from you by specifically asking for it:
Make a booking
Submit a contact form
Submit a brochure request form
Subscribe to our newsletter
When you speak to any of our team
Submit a review or customer testimonial
How We Use & Retain The Personal Information We Collect
We may retain your and your travelling companions’ names, email addresses, postal addresses, phone numbers and dates of birth (where provided) and use it for the following purposes:
to complete your booking with us, manage your booking and complete any subsequent bookings you make with us;
to send you notifications and communicate with you generally;
to contact you by email about special offers, brochures, new holidays, forthcoming events, or surveys (if you do not wish to receive such communications, you may ask us in writing (by contacting info@walking-europe.co.uk) at any time not to receive them);
to disclose to the providers of the services making up your booking (who could be located outside the UK/EEA);
to disclose some information to third parties in relation to customer services, credit card processing or other services;
to disclose your information where required by law, where such a request is made by a legal authority;
to disclose to organisations who act as “data processors” that perform business functions on our behalf (some of whom could be located outside the UK/EEA, where controls on data protection may not be as wide as the legal requirements in this country) and use the information for analysis including monitoring, measuring and assessing customer purchasing preferences and trends. Such business functions may include but are not limited to the provision of holiday feedback services, administration, business management, security and crime prevention/detection, research and analysis, marketing, dispute resolution, re-organisation/structuring of our business, customer care services, credit checking and debt collection services. These organisations may contact you directly in relation to your Hooked on Cycling holiday;
to disclose, when it is mandatory to do so and in order for you to travel overseas  (as requested by government authorities) your information for immigration, security and anti-terrorism purposes, or any other purposes which they determine appropriate. Even if not mandatory, we may exercise our discretion to assist where appropriate;
If we collect detailed personal information during the booking process that is “Sensitive Personal Data”, it shall only be used in providing your holiday arrangements and we will not retain it unless we specifically obtain your consent to do so for use in future bookings; if we wish to use it for any other purpose, we will specify the reason(s) to you and again seek your positive consent.
We have taken all reasonable steps to have appropriate security measures in place to protect your information. Outside the European Economic Area, controls on data protection may not be as wide as the legal requirements in this country. The transmission of information via the internet is never completely secure. We exclude our liability for personal data lost in transmission to the website.
If you have previously purchased goods or services from us we may provide to you details of similar goods or services, or other goods and services, that you may be interested in.
What Can I Do?
If you do not agree to our use of the information as set out above, you should inform us as soon as possible by writing to us at Hooked on Cycling, 17A Glasgow Road, Bathgate, EH48 2AB or by email at info@hookedoncycling.co.uk
In accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998, you may ask us in writing for a copy of the information we hold about you (for which we may charge an administration fee) and to correct any inaccuracies in your information. We aim to respond to you within 21 days from the date of the request.
You can also choose not to provide us with some of the information we request, however, as a result, we may not be able to complete your arrangements.
Opt-Out Policy
You can opt out of receiving further information from us at any time by writing to us at Hooked on Cycling, 17A Glasgow Road, Bathgate, EH48 2AB or by email at info@hookedoncycling.co.uk
Email Privacy
If you consent to join our email database to receive our email newsletters, then we may collect your name, email address and ask you to choose from a couple of options how you would like to hear from us.  This information will be used to send you the email newsletters and to create a profile of our user base.
We may conduct small surveys via email. If you wish to take part in any such survey, we will only use the information you provide via the survey for the purposes specified in the survey.
If at any time you wish to unsubscribe from our email newsletter service you may do so by following the unsubscribe instructions in the newsletter or by emailing info@hookedoncycling.co.uk
Blog Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
Website Privacy
Our web server logs visits to our website, and our website also uses cookies. We recommend that you read our Cookies Policy so that you understand what cookies are, what type of cookies we set and how you can control the use of cookies on your computer or mobile device. Our use of cookies does not involve the capture of personal details.
BY USING OUR WEBSITE WITH YOUR BROWSER SETTINGS ADJUSTED TO ACCEPT ALL COOKIES, WE WILL TAKE THIS TO MEAN THAT YOU WANT TO USE OUR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES, AND THAT YOU CONSENT TO OUR USE OF COOKIES AND OTHER TECHNOLOGIES AS DESCRIBED IN THIS POLICY.
We use tracking software to record anonymously the progress of visitors to our website, so as to better understand their needs and thus improve our site. The software records the pages users visit while browsing the site, and also the following information: browser capabilities; network properties; language; city and country (which are inferred from your internet protocol (IP) address, though your IP address is not passed on to us. This information is retained and used for analysis by our external marketing or database consultants.
Please note that our website contains certain literature and hyperlinks to websites owned by third parties. This privacy policy covers websites owned and controlled by us only. Please refer to the third party sites’ own privacy policies.
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to save your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
Protecting Your Information
We take website security very seriously and we are committed to safeguarding your personal information. We take a number of administrative and technical steps to ensure the security of the information you provide to us.
Monitoring
To ensure that we carry out your instructions accurately, to help improve our service and in the interest of security, we may monitor and/or record: (1) your telephone calls; and (2) customer transactions and activities on our website. All recordings are and shall remain our sole property.
Storing Your Personal Data
In operating our website it may become necessary to transfer data that we collect from you to locations outside of the European Union for processing and storing. By providing your personal data to us, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We do our utmost to ensure that all reasonable steps are taken to make sure that your data is treated stored securely.
Unfortunately, the sending of information via the internet is not totally secure and on occasion, such information can be intercepted. We cannot guarantee the security of data that you choose to send us electronically, Sending such information is entirely at your own risk.
Disclosing Your Information
We will not disclose your personal information to any other party other than in accordance with this Privacy Policy and in the circumstances detailed below:
In the event that we sell any or all of our business to the buyer.
Where we are legally required by law to disclose your personal information.
To further fraud protection and reduce the risk of fraud.
Third Party Links
On occasion, we include links to third parties on this website. Where we provide a link it does not mean that we endorse or approve that site’s policy towards visitor privacy. You should review their privacy policy before sending them any personal data.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Access to Information
In accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 you have the right to access any information that we hold relating to you. Please note that we reserve the right to charge a fee to cover costs incurred by us in providing you with the information.
Contacting Us
Please do not hesitate to contact us regarding any matter relating to this Privacy Policy at info@hookedoncycling.co.uk
NavigationHome
Information
Bike & Boat Holidays
E-Bike Holidays
Road Bike Cycling Holidays
Sporting/Experienced Road Cyclists
Gran Fondo and Cycle Sportives
Family Cycling Holidays (under 12)
Active Teen Family Cycling Holidays
Guided Cycling Holidays
Austria
Belgium
Croatia
Czech Republic
England
Finland
France
Germany
Greece
Holland
Ireland
Italy
Montenegro
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Scotland
Slovenia
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
Wales
Bookings & Requests General Enquiries
Brochure Request
Join Our Mailing List
Booking Process
Useful Links - Holiday Gradings
- Guided/Group Tour Dates
- Our Blog
- Blue River Danube Article
Social MediaLatest News
The Benefits of Cycling for Children and Families
11 Mar 2020
Essentials you Need for a Long Bike Ride Journey
07 Feb 2020
The Netherlands: A Country Built for Cycling
08 Jan 2020
Contact Us
Hooked on Cycling
17A Glasgow Road
Bathgate
West Lothian
EH48 2AB
Scotland
Phone: +44 (0) 1506 635 399
Email: info@hookedoncycling.co.uk
VAT Number: GB865530315
Office Hours OFFICE HOURS
Monday to Friday- 9am to 5pm
Saturday - Closed
Sunday - Closed
(Above times are UK Times - GMT)
Quick Links
Essential Travel Information
Our Cycling Holidays
Frequently Asked Questions
Copyright © 2020 Hooked on Cycling. All rights reserved. - Site Map - Links - Privacy Policy - Cookie Policy
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish Find out more.Okay, thanks