https://www.eastbayteamsales.com/customerserv/help:privacyStatement/
Call now to talk to a Team Sales rep 1.800.841.5748
Shop
Resources
Team Store
Quote (0)
Log In
Email Address:
Password:
Forgot Password?
Not a registered user?
Create New Account
My Account
Address Book
Help
Edit Log In
Log Out
Search
Sports Gear
Coaching Gear
Brands
Package Deals
Sport
Baseball
Basketball
Cheer
Cross Country
Fastpitch
Football
Golf
Lacrosse
Rugby
Soccer
Tennis
Track & Field
Training
Volleyball
Wrestling
View All Sports
Gender
Men's
Women's
Boys'
Girls'
Clothing
Compression
Uniforms
Warm-ups
View All
Shoes
Equipment
Accessories
Clothing
Men's
Women's
View All
Equipment
Field Equipment
Scorebooks
View All
Sports Medicine
First Aid Kits
Gatorade
Hot and Cold Packs
Tape and Wraps
View All
Shoes
View all brands
Art Locker
Customize Your Gear
Check out our lineup of available colors, fonts, and most popular design templates.
View Online
Online Catalogs
Everything Your Team Needs
View Eastbay catalogs and catalogs from our most popular vendors Nike, Under Armour, and adidas
View Catalogs
Other Resources
Sports Checklists
Browse popular options for your team store
Digital Catalog
Online Selection
How Team Stores Work
Choose the gear you want from the game's top brands.
Customize products to fit the specific look of your program
Pass out your team code and your program supporters can order team gear online by typing the code below.
Call 800.841.5748 to set up your Team Store today!
Team Store
Submit
Your team code is located at the top of your Team Sales flyer. Your flyer also lists the dates when your team store will be available.
More Details
My Account
Order Information
Shipping Information
Returns and Exchanges
Other Services
Website Search Tips
Sport-Specific Sizing Help, Tips & Information
Privacy Statement
Last Updated December 18, 2019
Thank you for visiting our Website. This Privacy Statement outlines the information we collect, how we may use and disclose it, and what your options are with respect to our practices. If you have any questions, please contact us as described below:
General Questions about our Privacy Statement:                  customercare@footlocker.com
Specific Questions about your California Privacy Rights:        privacyteam@footlocker.com
Privacy Statement
Foot Locker, Inc., its subsidiaries, or its affiliates (referred to as Foot Locker, Lady Foot Locker, Kids Foot Locker, Footaction, Final-Score, Champs Sports, Eastbay, Greenhouse, FLX, "we," "us," or "our" herein) believes in protecting your information. With this in mind, we have adopted this Privacy Statement, which describes the information we may collect when you visit our websites (each a "Site"), sign up for a brand membership program (each a "Membership Program"), use our mobile applications (each an "App") or shop in our stores (each a "Store") (collectively the "Services"). By using the Services, you agree to the collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Privacy Statement. If you do not, please do not use the Services. This Privacy Statement addresses:
Information Collection
Use of Cookies
Information Disclosure
Updating Your Information
Changes to our Privacy Statement
Option to Opt-out from marketing communications
Children's Privacy
Security of Information
Your California Privacy Rights
Questions/Contacting Us
Links to Other Websites
Information Use
Information Collection
Information
You Provide to Us. We only collect certain information from you
when you provide it to us, such as when you: (1) register; (2) place an
order; (3) complete a survey or product review; (4) participate in one of
our promotions; (5) sign up for a Membership Program; or (6) contact us.
The information we collect from you may include your name, age, mailing
address, daytime telephone number, cell phone number, e-mail address,
account user name and password, and payment information. If you use a
third-party login (such as a social network) to register or otherwise link
to us, we may receive certain information about you from the third party
based on your registration and privacy settings on that third-party
service.
Registration. We
encourage you to register when shopping on our Site or App; however,
registration is not required. Our Registration Form requires
users to provide contact information (such as name, age, mailing address,
daytime telephone number, cell phone number, e-mail address, and
password). You must be 13 years of age or older to
register. Registration helps us to provide you with a quick and
simple checkout experience. The customer contact information you provide
will be used to contact you concerning the status of an order, answer your
questions and, unless you choose to opt-out, to send you communications
about upcoming sales, contests, promotions and product information. You
acknowledge and agree that you are responsible for maintaining the
confidentiality of your registration information and password. You are
responsible for all use of the Site or App under your registered account.
If you would like, you can also fill out a customer profile. While it is
not required, information obtained from the customer profile questions
helps us to learn more about our customers and is used to improve your
shopping experience and to provide you with more relevant content and
advertising.
Information
We Automatically Collect. We may use cookies, web beacons, pixel
tags, log files, or other technologies to automatically collect certain
information when you use our Site or App, or interact with our emails or
advertisements on our Site, our App, or other websites. A cookie is a
small data file that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored
on your computer's hard drive. These technologies may allow us to
automatically collect information such as your IP address, geolocation
data, unique user ID, cell phone model, operating system and carrier, and
Internet Service Provider. We also may collect information about your use
of our Services, such as the time you spend using the Site or App, the
number of times you return, whether you click-through, open, or forward
links, e-mails, and ads, and other Service usage data. These technologies,
such as cookies, also allow us to keep track of your order as you shop on
our Site or App, to recognize registered users when they visit, and to
provide those customers with information and advertising that is more
relevant to them. If you register with or order from us, we may use
cookies or other technologies to monitor and maintain information about
how you use our Services and what you buy. If you do not register with or
buy from us, we may monitor and maintain information about your use in
order to improve your shopping experience and provide you with more
relevant content and advertising.
Tracking
Options and California Do Not Track. You may adjust your browser
settings to limit certain tracking or to decline cookies, but by doing so,
you may not be able to use certain features on the Services or take full
advantage of our offerings. Even without a cookie, you can still take
advantage of most of the features of our Site, including making a
purchase, but we will not be able to recognize you as a registered user
unless you log in. Our system may not respond to Do Not Track requests or
headers from some or all browsers. We may use certain service providers to
provide you with more relevant online advertising based on your activities
on our Site and third-party sites. To learn more about, or to opt-out of, service
provider use of this information, please click
here. We may also use technologies, such as our own cookies, to
provide you with online advertising tailored to your interests. To opt-out
of our cookies used for this online advertising, please click
here. For certain service providers, such as social media platforms,
and on your mobile device, you can adjust your privacy and advertising
settings to limit your tracking for advertising or to control whether you
receive more relevant advertising.
Information
Collected From Other Sources. We may obtain information about you
from other sources, including social networks that you use to connect with
us. This information may include your name, user name, demographic
information, updated address or contact information, interests, and
publicly-observed data, such as from social media and online activity.
Combination
of Information. We may also combine the information we receive
from and about you, including the information you provide to us on the
Services or through the Membership Program, information we receive from
third parties, the information we automatically collect (as explained
above), and information provided or collected offline when you shop in our
Stores.
Back to Top
Information Use
We may use the information we collect from and about you for the following business purposes:
To
provide you with a quick and simple checkout experience;
To
process your orders, contact you concerning the status of an order, answer
any of your questions, or otherwise contact and communicate with you;
To
address problems with the Services, our business or our products and
services and to protect the security of the Site and our business; and
To
help us learn more about our Site visitors, App users, Membership Program
members, and customers and to improve their shopping experience and our
business.
We may also use the information we collect from and about you for the following commercial purposes:
To
provide you with customized content, targeted offers, and advertising on
the Services, other websites or via text message, and to contact you about
upcoming Eastbay Team Sales sales, promotions, and product information;
To
allow you to participate in promotions; and
To
contact you about upcoming promotions and offers on behalf of our partners.
We may also use the information we collect from and about you for other purposes that we explain to you when we collect your information.
Back to Top
Information Disclosure
We may disclose the information we collect from and about you as follows:
Among the
Foot Locker, Inc. family of companies including Foot Locker, Lady Foot
Locker, Kids Foot Locker, Footaction, Final-Score, Champs Sports, Eastbay,
Greenhouse and FLX.
To our
service providers, if the disclosure will enable them to perform a
business, professional, or technical support function for us.
To
carefully-selected third party partners, so that they may inform you of
offers, promotions, and services.
For
payment processing and authorization, fraud protection and credit risk
reduction, website evaluation and data analysis, and distributing
marketing and promotional material.
To
comply with the law, to respond to governmental inquiries or requests, to
enforce our policies, or to protect our or others' rights, property, or
safety.
Otherwise,
with your consent.
Any personal information or content that you voluntarily upload or submit for public posting to the Services becomes publicly available and others may collect and use that information. Posting any content on the Services that requests personally identifiable information from others violates the Services’ Terms of Use.
As with any business, as our business develops, we may sell or buy online stores or other assets. In such transactions, information about customers often is among the transferred assets. Accordingly, in the unlikely event that a third party acquires our company or substantially all of our assets, such information may be one of the transferred assets. Should such a sale or transfer occur, we will use reasonable efforts to try to require that the transferee use personal information provided through the Services in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Statement.
We may share aggregate, non-personally identifiable information about Site users with third parties.
Back to Top
Use of CookiesWe may use cookies and other technologies like them to make our Site better. You can read about how we use cookies and how you can limit or decline them in the “Information Collection” Section, specifically paragraph "3. Information We Automatically Collect" and paragraph "4. Tracking Options and California Do Not Track."
If we have actual knowledge that you are between the ages of 13 and 16, we will not automatically use cookies that send personal information to third parties unless you accept the terms in the consent banner we provide when you visit our website.
Back to Top
Updating Your InformationPlease note that at all times, you are responsible for updating the personal information you provide to us. If you have registered with us or if you participate in a Membership Program, you may update your personal information through your registered account or Membership Program account. If you elect to delete some or all of your personal information, keep in mind that we may retain transactional data in accordance with various laws, regulations and Eastbay Team Sales retention policy.
Back to Top
Changes To Our Privacy StatementWe reserve the right, at any time and in our sole discretion, to change, modify, add, remove, or otherwise revise portions of this Privacy Statement.  When we update our Privacy Statement, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make, and in accordance with applicable law.  Except where prohibited by law, your continued use of the Site after we post changes to this Privacy Statement means you accept these changes.
Back to Top
Option To Opt-out from Marketing CommunicationsAt all times, you have the option of "opting out" of receiving future e-mail marketing updates by sending us an e-mail with "unsubscribe" in the subject line at teamservices@eastbay.com. Even if you opt-out, you may continue to receive non-marketing e-mail messages from us, including, for example, order confirmations.
If you previously registered for a text messaging campaign and now want to opt-out, text "STOP" to the shortcode/number for the program that you have signed up for.
Back to Top
Children's PrivacyWe do not sell products for purchase by children. We sell children's products for purchase by adults. We do not direct the Site or App to, nor do we knowingly collect any personal information from, children under the age of 13. You must be 13 years of age or older to submit personal information to us, including to register or place an order on the Site or App or participate in one of our online promotions.
Please see our Terms of Use for additional information regarding the use of these Services.
Back to Top
Security Of InformationWe have implemented a variety of physical, administrative, and technical security measures to protect the confidentiality of your personal information under our control and appropriately limit access to that information. We also enable encryption technology to protect your personal information, including your credit card number.
We are committed to protecting your information, but no website, App, or system is completely safe from cyber-attacks.  We need your help! Keep your data safe by creating a unique, strong password and protect against unauthorized access to that password and your device. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared device and do not share your password with anyone.
Back to Top
Your California Privacy Rights
This section provides information for California residents. Eastbay Team Sales may require proof of California residence before responding to any request made under this section.
Categories of Personal Information Collected
This section describes the types of personal information that, over the past 12 months (from the Last Updated date listed at the top of this Statement) Eastbay Team Sales collects, uses, discloses, and may sell (as described more fully below). We categorize this personal information as follows:
Contact Information & Other Identifiers: Identifiers,
including your name, postal address, email address, phone number, membership
numbers, professional and educational information, device IDs, cookie IDs,
and IP address.
Characteristics of Protected Classifications Under California or
Federal Law:  Your date of
birth, age, marital status, gender, ethnicity, race, or income level.
Professional and Employment Data:  Your employment information or household
income.
Commercial Information: Your purchase and usage history,
credit card information (for processing purchases), and preferences.
Internet/ Network Activity: Your web/app browsing and search
history through our Services, and information related to your online interaction(s)
with the Services or our advertising.
Geolocation Data: We may automatically collect geolocation
data through your use of the Services.
Inferred Data: The inferences that we draw from your
information and web activity to help create a personalized profile so we
can better identify goods and services that may be of interest.
Categories of Personal Information Sold
We may share Personal Information with third party partners as part of joint marketing initiatives. That sharing may constitute a “sale” under California law, even though we do not receive monetary payment for sharing. In the last 12 months (from the Last Updated date listed at the top of this Statement), Eastbay Team Sales has sold the following categories of Personal Information:
Contact Information &
Other Identifiers, Internet/Network Activity
We do not sell personal information about persons under the age of 16 without their consent.
Categories of Personal Information Disclosed
In the last 12 months (from the Last Updated date listed at the top of this Statement), Eastbay Team Sales has disclosed the following categories of Personal Information for a business purpose:
Contact Information &
Other Identifiers, Characteristics of Protected Classifications Under
California or Federal Law, Professional and Employment Data, Commercial
Information, Internet/ and Network Activity, Geolocation Data, and
Inferred Data.
Your Rights
To make an access or deletion request, please submit your request at 1-800-442-4059 or privacy.footlocker-inc.com. Before we can process your request, we will ask you a series of questions in order to attempt to verify your identity.
Access Request. You may make up to two (2) requests per year for information as to:
The categories of personal
information that we have collected and sold about you, or shared for a
business purpose with our service providers;
The sources from which we
collected such information;
The third parties with
whom we have shared that personal information and to whom we have sold
that personal information;
The business or commercial
purpose for collecting or selling that personal information; and
The specific pieces of
personal information we have collected about you.
We will endeavor to respond to your request within forty-five (45) days of receiving your request or notify you that we need additional time to process your information.
Deletion Request. You may request that we delete the personal information that we have collected from or about you. Note that there are some reasons when we will not be able to fully address your request, such as if we need to complete a transaction for you, to detect and protect against fraudulent and illegal activity, to maintain for internal purposes, or to comply with a legal obligation or to exercise our rights.
Opt-Out Request. As noted above, we share Personal Information with third party partners as part of joint marketing initiatives. That sharing may constitute a “sale” under California law, even though we do not receive monetary payment for sharing. You have the right to opt-out of Eastbay Team Sales sale of your Personal Information to third parties. This means that, if you opt-out, going forward, we will not share your information with such third parties to use for their purposes unless you later direct us to do so.
To opt-out, please click on the Do Not Sell My Personal Information link on our website footer.
Please note that if, after opting out, you submit a deletion request or change the Personal Information that you share with us, you may be required to submit a subsequent opt-out request.
Right to Non-Discrimination. You have a right not to receive discriminatory treatment by Eastbay Team Sales for exercising your privacy rights listed in this section.
Affiliated Disclosures. Eastbay Team Sales may share your personal information with some or all brands in the Foot Locker, Inc. family of companies, some of which do not share the “Foot Locker” name, for their direct marketing purposes. California law considers these affiliates to be unaffiliated parties. If you are a California resident, you may request certain information regarding how we disclose personal information to these Foot Locker family brands for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please contact us as directed below.
Back to Top
Questions/Contacting UsShould you have any questions regarding this Privacy Statement generally or our data handling practices specifically, you may contact us as follows:
General Questions:Attn: Privacy AdministratorFootlocker.com, Inc.PO Box 8066, 111 South 1st AvenueWausau, WI 54402-8066customercare@footlocker.com
Individual California Privacy Rights:Attn: Privacy Team (Law Department)Foot Locker, Inc.330 West 34th Street, 4th FloorNew York, NY 10001privacyteam@footlocker.com
Back to Top
Links To Other WebsitesThese Services contain links to other sites, which may have privacy policies that differ from our own. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other websites or apps. Accordingly, we recommend that you review the Privacy Statement posted on any website or app that you access through the Services. The terms and conditions herein do not apply to any such linked websites or apps. Eastbay Team Sales does not endorse any linked websites or apps, or the information, materials, products or services that linked websites or apps contain or make accessible. Eastbay Team Sales disclaims all warranties, express or implied, with respect to the information, materials, products, and services that linked websites or apps contain or make accessible, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement.
You acknowledge and agree that Eastbay Team Sales is not responsible for the content, accuracy, legality, decency, copyright compliance, privacy practices, security or any other aspects of any such linked websites or apps. You further acknowledge and agree that your  access or use of any such linked websites or apps is solely at your own risk, and you hereby waive any and all claims against Eastbay Team Sales with respect to such linked websites or apps.
Back to Top
Data Transfers We may transfer the personal information we collect about you through our Services to countries other than the country in which we collect the information. If you are an international visitor using our Services, please be aware that we may transfer the information you provide to computers in the United States. We take steps to ensure that we process the data collected under this Privacy Statement according to the purposes set out in this Privacy Statement and, in transferring data, that we protect the information as described herein.
We participate in the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework for data received in the United States from the European Union.  Click here to access our EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Policy.
Copyright Notice © 2019 Footlocker.com, Inc. All rights reserved.
Partners And Sponsors
AAU
Prep Hoops
Breakdown Sports USA
CIF
Customer Service
Privacy Statement
CA-Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Ad Choices
Terms of Use
Employment Opportunities
Affiliates
Team Extras
Email Signup
Request a Free Catalog
About Us
Contact Us
Company Information
2004-2020 Eastbay.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved