https://www.northlinespeedway.com.au/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to the services offered by "Northline Speedway".
1. Personal information:
Northline Speedway is committed to safeguarding personal privacy. It recognises that individuals have a right to control how their personal information is collected and used. Providing personal information is an act of trust and it is taken seriously. Unless given consent to do otherwise, Northline Speedway will only collect and use personal information as set out below.
2. Collecting personal information:
Northline Speedway will not collect or monitor any personal information about an individual without their consent. The only personal information collected is what has been provided voluntarily.
3. Use of tracking technologies:
Northline Speedway uses tracking technologies such as cookies or web beacons to make use of the website and services as convenient as possible. Cookies are pieces of information that a web site transfers to a computer's hard disk for record keeping purposes. Most web browsers are set to accept tracking technologies such as cookies or web beacons. These tracking technologies do not themselves personally identify users, although they do identify a user's browser.
4. Using and disclosing your personal information:
Personal Information will be used for the following primary purpose:
To fulfill obligations under any sale and purchase contract and/or any other contract between the individual and the Company.
To render services related to Northline Speedway's business such as warranty or after sales services.
For the purpose described above, information may be shared with Northline Speedway's group companies either in Australia or overseas. Also, in order to operate the web site or deliver a service, personal information may also be shared with a service provider, a non-Company group company.
5. Contact by Northline Speedway:
Northline Speedway may contact individuals using the information, which was provided by them in order to:
Provide information that may be of interest about upgrades, new Northline Speedway products, special offers and other matters that may be of interest.
To send newsletters.
6. Individual's right of access:
Individuals have the right to review the information that may be recorded on Northline Speedway's database. Information may be reviewed by contacting Northline Speedway on the customer enquiry number 0418 854 953.
7.Northline Speedway and links to other web sites:
Northline Speedway provides links to web sites outside of the Northline Speedway site. These linked sites are not under the control of Northline Speedway, and Northline Speedway is not responsible for the conduct of companies linked to Northline Speedway web site, nor for the performance or otherwise of any content and/or software contained in such external websites.
8. Problems or queries:
Queries relating to the Privacy Policy, or any problems or complaints may be directed to the Personal Information Officer by calling the customer enquiry number 0418 854 953.