https://www.totalrl.com/terms-conditions/
Home
Shop
My Account
Cart
Checkout
Terms & Conditions
News
Betfred Super League
Betfred Championship
Betfred League 1
International
NRL
Grassroots
Features
Forums
League Express
Highlights
Rugby League World
Highlights
Newsletter
About
League Publications Ltd
Contact Us
Advertising
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
TotalRL Premium
Premium Content
Premium Log-in
Premium Profile
Premium Subscriptions
Register for Premium
×
Search for:
Shop
My Account
Cart
Checkout
Terms & Conditions
Super League
Championship
League 1
Challenge Cup
NRL
International
Grassroots
The Total Rugby League Shop is owned and operated by League Publications Ltd.
We accept payment by Mastercard, Visa, Visa Debit, Maestro, Solo and PayPal. We cannot accept Visa Electon card payments or American Express.
Postage charges, where applicable, are calculated during the checkout process. Most items we sell are available with free second class postage within the UK. Orders are normally processed within 24-48 hours of receipt. UK Magazine/Newspaper subscriptions are sent via Royal Mail First Class Mail. Books and other items, unless stated, are sent by Royal Mail Second Class Mail. All overseas deliveries are by Airmail.
All our prices are shown in British Pounds and are inclusive of VAT at the current rate where applicable. Please note, books, magazines and newspapers are zero-rated for VAT.
All credit card and order details are securely encrypted during the order process. Payment processing is handled on our behalf by Pay360 or Paypal. Card payments are charged in real-time during order processing. Payment details are not retained or stored by League Publications Ltd.
Click here to view our Privacy Policy. Acceptance of these Terms & Conditions includes acceptance of our Privacy Policy.
Your rights to return goods are protected under the EU Distance Selling Directive.
You are entitled to cancel your order and return the goods within 7 working days for a full refund, including the cost of delivery. Do this by contacting us by email or telephone and quoting the order number supplied to you. Your refund will be paid within 30 days. You are responsible for the cost and risk of loss or damage when returning the goods, so you should take out enough postal insurance to cover their value. This cancellation policy does not affect your rights when we are at fault – for example, if goods are faulty or misdescribed. Any goods returned should be in saleable condition.
These terms apply to your order. We may change our terms and conditions at any time, so please do not assume that the same terms will apply in the future.
None of these terms affect your legal rights and these are not diminished in any way. If any term is held to be invalid under any applicable statute or rule of law, that term is automatically omitted from the terms to minimum extent necessary to comply with the law and without affecting the validity or enforceability of the remainder.
If you need to contact us about your order, please click here.
Thank you for shopping with us.
Share this:Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)MoreClick to print (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window)Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window)Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)
Rugby League News 24/7
Poll
Of the clubs that finished in the top six of Super League this year, which do you think is in most danger of dropping out of the six next season?Wigan WarriorsSt HelensWarrington WolvesCatalans DragonsLeeds RhinosHull FCVote
For Sale
League Express - Subscription
From: £22.00
League Express Gift Card (UK Only)
From: £26.00
League Express - Single Issue
£1.80
The Forbidden Game - The Untold Story of French Rugby League
£14.99 £9.99
Backs To The Wall
£12.95
Rugby League Yearbook 2020-21
£19.99 £17.99
Copyright © League Publications Ltd