https://www.spordle.com/privacy/
Privacy Policy
Overview
This Privacy Policy describes your privacy rights regarding Spordle, Inc.’s collection, use, storage, sharing, and protection of your personal information. It applies to the Spordle.com website and all related websites, applications, services, and tools (“Sites and Services”) where this policy is referenced, regardless of how you access or use them. By using our Sites and Services, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and expressly consent to the processing of your personal information as described in this policy.
Collection and use of personal information and other information
Throughout this Privacy Policy, we use the term « personal information » to describe information that can be associated with a specific person and can be used to identify that person. We do not consider personal information to include information that has been made anonymous or aggregated so that it can no longer be used, whether in combination with other information or otherwise, to identify a specific person. In order to provide you with our team and group management services we ask you to provide us with some personal information. For an individual user, the minimum amount of information we collect is your email address, password, and your age (to verify that you are 13 or older — see Children’s Privacy below). In most cases your name is required as well.
If you register as a team owner, we also collect country location, time zone, team name, sport type, and contact information of the members of your team.
This information about your team will be associated with your personal information.
We may receive personal information from third parties that provide services to us in connection with the Sites and Services, and Spordle may associate this information with the personal information we already have.
We may receive personal information (including your email address) from a current user of the Sites and Services.
Examples of optional information that you or members of your team may provide include:
Your contact information (e.g., phone number, physical address, etc.)
Sports specific information (e.g., position, sports statistics, etc.)
Schedule information (e.g., whether you plan to attend an upcoming event)
Location information (e.g., your physical location at a given time)
Device and software information (e.g., the type of mobile device and associated hardware and software information, the browser used to access our web service, etc.)
If you are the parent or guardian of a player whose team is using Spordle, we may ask you for such optional information about your child.
The service is not intended for use by children under 13 and we never knowingly collect personal information from children under 13.
If you are a team owner, you may need to pay for your use of our Sites and Services using a payment card (e.g., credit or debit card).
We use third party payment card processing companies to process payments in connection with the Sites and Services. These third parties have committed to Spordle to process your payment card information in a secure, PCI compliant manner.
Your payment card information is processed and retained by these third parties and will not be passed on to Spordle; Spordle does not store your payment card information.
If you are a team manager or league commissioner, you also may use Spordle to collect funds from other users. We may deduct a payment processing fee from these fund transfers, but we will always spell out any applicable payment processing fees at the time of the transaction. In addition, we will not use payment information you have provided for fund transfers to charge you for other services.
The fund transfers do not flow through Spordle and are accomplished using PayPal or another third party payment system, which is subject to separate terms with that third party (please review the section of this policy entitled “How We Share Your Information” below for more information).
Use of cookies, image tags, and device identifiers
Cookies are small amounts of information stored in files within your computer’s browser. Device identifiers unique numbers used to identify devices like mobile phones.
We may use these technologies to collect information like IP address and user agent information (browser version, OS type and version). We may use session cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them) or access device identifiers to store your preferences, identify you and maintain your signed-in status, gather information regarding the date and time of your visit to the Spordle website and the information for which you searched and which you viewed, and provide you with a more personal and interactive experience, but we do not store your username or password or your personal information in a cookie. We may also use web beacons which are small graphic objects or pixels that are embedded in a web page. We offer certain features that are available only through the use of cookies or device identifiers. You are always free to decline cookies if your web browser permits. However, if you decline cookies, you may not be able to use certain Spordle features.
Use of certain technology designed to prevent cookies or other advertising related technologies (such as ad blocking software) may interfere with the correct operation of the Spordle website and services.
We may use or access our cookies or web beacons on our website or third party websites to serve ads to you in a more personalized fashion.
We let other companies (including data providers, advertising networks, advertisers) on our Services set and access their cookies or web beacons on your computer or access your device identifiers.
These companies use these technologies to enable you to receive customized ads or content through web, mobile or other media channels.
Other companies’ use of their cookies and web beacons and of device identifiers is subject to their own privacy policies, not this one. These companies do not have access to our cookies except as described under “Advertising,” below.
Do Not Track Settings
Your web browser may enable you to indicate your preference as to whether you wish to allow websites and apps to collect personal information about your online activities over time and across different websites or online services (for example, through “do not track” settings of the browser). We believe that there is currently no consistent industry standard for how to interpret and respond to these web browser preference settings. Consequently, at this time our Sites and Services do not respond to the preferences you may have set in your browser regarding the collection of such personal information, and we may continue to collect personal information in the manner described in this Privacy Policy. In addition, other parties may collect personal information about your online activities over time and across different Websites when you use our Sites and Services. This policy does not apply to and we are not responsible for those other parties. Please see the section of this policy entitled “How We Share Your Information” for more detail on how we interact with third parties with respect to your information, including with respect to targeted advertising.
If you provide feedback to us, we may use and disclose such feedback for any purpose, provided we will not associate such feedback with your personal information.
We will treat the personal information in the feedback in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Use of personal information
As a general rule we use your personal information solely to provide the Services, but we don’t usually look at your information – we have little interest in your batting average anyway. However, during the process of developing, troubleshooting and administering the Site and Services, it may be necessary to look at pieces of your information to improve the Services and user experience, offer you additional information, opportunities and functionality, respond to requests that you make, resolve a problem or dispute, investigate potential security issues, or verify your compliance with our terms of use. Also, when you write us to request support, our customer support representatives may look at your information in order to assist you. We may also access and use your information to compare information for accuracy and verify it with third parties or to comply with applicable law or legal process.
Third parties (such as (i) the team owners or managers of each team/group or (ii) the league owners, commissioners, or team or club managers in each club or league) can upload your personal information to the Services and share pieces of your personal information and other information with other team or club/league members through team and club/league settings or with the public under the Public Access settings. It is up to you as to whether you share this optional information — none of it is required, but you may need to work with your team owner or manager or club/league owner/commissioner/manager to limit any information sharing or to remove or update any information submitted on your behalf.
We may also share your information with a team owner or manager, or if you have signed up to a team that participates in our clubs or leagues products, a club/league owner, commissioner or manager, or their designated contacts, in each case as shown on our records, if we believe you or another user that has interacted with you through our services may have violated our terms of use as we consider necessary to help address the situation.
The team owner is defined as the person who is listed in Spordle as the billing contact for the team.
The club/league owner is the person who executed the contract with Spordle to purchase our club/league products.
Monitoring user activity
We may monitor user activity on our systems in connection with user compliance with our terms of use, supporting users, and developing and improving the Sites and Services.
Managing Your Information
If you are a registered user, you may review, update, correct or delete your personal information by logging into Spordle at www.spordle.com.
If you are unclear about how to do this or have concerns, contact us at support@spordle.com.
Photos, team schedules and other information may be maintained by the team or group managers.
If you have concerns about that information, contact your team or group manager or drop us a line at support@Spordle.com.
We may communicate with you at various times, with administrative emails or phone calls, about transactions and service announcements, customer service responses and promotional emails like special offers, newsletters and updates. You can choose to stop receiving promotional emails at any time simply by changing your preferences, unsubscribing through the applicable Sites and Services, or using an email’s unsubscribe function. You may not opt out of receiving administrative messages or customer service responses, unless you delete your Spordle account. If you have agreed to receive marketing communications through interactions with our partners, you must change your communication preferences with them directly.
If you choose to invite others to use Spordle, we ask you for your friend’s email and possibly their name. We will automatically send your friend a copy of the email. Spordle or our service providers store this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email. Your friend may contact us at support@spordle.com to request that we remove this information from our database.
How We Share Your Information
Spordle will not sell, rent or lease your personal information to others except as described in this policy. Spordle shares personal information in the following ways:
Spordle employs various third-parties to run its service, as further described below.
These are trusted partners who operate components of the Spordle architecture.
Spordle relies on these third parties to maintain the safety and security of your information.
We may share your personal information with third party service providers to:
provide you with the Sites and Services that we offer you; to conduct quality assurance testing; to facilitate the creation of accounts; to provide technical support; and/or to provide other services to Spordle or to you.
Spordle may engage data providers who may collect certain web log data to enable you to receive customized ads or content through web, mobile or other media channels.
Spordle works with various third parties to bring you additional goods and services through our Sites and Services (e.g., league scheduling solutions, game and team statistics solutions, marketplace solutions such as apparel sales).
We may share personal information and transaction data (excluding payment card numbers) with such third-parties if you, your team manager or your league/club commissioner has indicated interest in such third parties’ goods or services.
Such third parties may also collect personal information from you if you decide to interact with them.
Information shared with or collected by such third parties is subject to their privacy policy. We do not control the privacy policies of these third parties and we encourage you to review their privacy policies.
We may share some or all of your personal information in connection with or during negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition or dissolution transaction or proceeding involving sale, transfer, divestiture, or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets.
In the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership, personal information may also be transferred as a business asset. If another company acquires our shares, business, or assets, that company will possess the personal information collected by us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. Although we currently do not have a parent company, any subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under common control with us (collectively, “Affiliates”), we may in the future.
You hereby agree that we may share some or all of your personal information with these Affiliates.
We will require our Affiliates to comply with this Privacy Policy.
Regardless of any choices you make regarding your personal information, we may disclose personal information (a) in connection with any legal investigation; (b) to comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas, warrants or other legal process served on us; (c) to protect or defend the rights or property of Spordle or users of the Site and Services; and/or (d) to investigate or assist in preventing any violation or potential violation of the law, this Privacy Policy, or our Terms of Service.
Advertising
We use third-parties to help measure our content and advertising effectiveness and to serve ads on our behalf and on behalf of other third-parties.
These ads are in some cases targeted to you based on personal information collected across other websites and are shown on our website and on third party websites. We may share some anonymous information (for example, your role as a coach or participant in the group with which you are involved or the sports or activities with which you are involved), as well as anonymous, aggregated demographic information.
These third parties may place cookies or web beacons on our websites or access your device identifiers.
These third parties have committed to not include any personal information in these cookies.
Spordle may share your email address with such third parties, solely in a hashed form that does not, in itself, identify you.
Advertisers (including ad serving companies) may assume that people who interact with, view, or click on targeted ads meet the targeting criteria (for example, men ages 25-38 from a particular geographic area with an interest in sports). By interacting with or viewing an ad you are consenting to the possibility that the advertiser will assume that you meet the targeting criteria used to display the ad.
We also access non-personal information from third parties to improve the Spordle Sites and Services.
For example, we access information about your location, determined from your IP address or mobile device location information, to personalize your experience. We may use this information to provide you with weather or other information that pertains to your location.
We also access information from third-parties that provide analytical data.
Our primary analytical service is Google Analytics.
We use that information to improve the effectiveness of Spordle and make the service easier to use.
We analyze the data in the aggregate, rolling up the data across many users to better understand how Spordle is being used at a macro level.
You can access Google’s privacy policy at the following link:
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/.
You can opt out of Google Analytics here: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.
Children’s Privacy
Spordle does not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13.
Furthermore, we do not target our service to children under these ages nor do we knowingly communicate with children under 13. When we work with teams and groups with children under 13, the parents / guardians of the children are responsible for entering and managing their children’s information or authorizing others to do so.
Security and Retention
The security of your information is important to us. We store your personal information in Spordle’s systems and we use reasonable security precautions to protect it.
No method of electronic transmission or storage is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information or other information. If you have any questions or concerns about security, drop us a line at policies@Spordle.com and we will do our best to respond to them.
We retain information as long as it is necessary and relevant for our operations. Typically we retain information submitted for a team or group until it is deleted by the user or team/group owner/manager so that it may be accessed for that team or group on an ongoing basis (for example in the next sports season). In addition, we may retain personal information from closed accounts to comply with the law, prevent fraud, collect any fees owed, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigation, enforce our Terms of Service and take other actions permitted by law.
Third Party Sites
Our Sites and Services may integrate with or contain links to other websites and services.
This is for your convenience and does not signify our endorsement of such other websites or location or their content. For example, you may be able to order team or group themed merchandise through one of our partners. Those third party sites and services have their own privacy statements and terms of conditions that we do not control, and our privacy policy does not apply to these third party sites and services. We encourage you to review these statements and terms and contact the third party with any questions. We do not review and are not responsible for the privacy practices or other actions of these third parties.
Spordle Consent and Opt-Out Policy
In general, Spordle seeks consent to use your information in accordance with our opt-out policy. Except as set out in this section, Spordle obtains your express opt-in consent to use or disclose sensitive information.
If you do not wish to have Spordle use your information for any purpose, you may opt out at any time by doing any of the following:
Call us at 1-855-419-0101 and request that your information not be used.
Email us at support@spordle.com and request that your information not be used.
Mail us at:
Spordle
602 Curé-Boivin Boulevard, Suite 101
Boisbriand, Qc, J7G 2A7
Should you choose to opt out of the collection, use or disclosure of your information, it may take 4 weeks to fully process your opt-out request.
Generally, when you provide us with your information, we will assume that you consent to our collection, use and disclosure of such information for the purposes identified or described in this Privacy Policy, if applicable, or otherwise at the time of collection.
We reserve the right to use and disclose your information without your consent where required or permitted by law, for example, if we have reasonable grounds to believe the information could be useful when investigating a contravention of a federal, provincial or foreign law, in order to protect or defend our legal interests, or to comply with applicable laws and lawful governmental requests.
Safeguards: Spordle has technical, contractual, administrative and physical security measures to protect your information in a manner that is reasonable and appropriate to the nature of the information you provide to Spordle. Please be aware that email is not a secure medium, and any information you send to us by email could be intercepted. If your communication is very sensitive, or includes information such as your credit card number, you should not send it electronically unless the email is encrypted or your browser indicates that the access to our website is secure.
Materials posted to online forums such as bulletin boards or comment sites are public, not secure and may be viewed by anyone. Any information you post may be collected and used by anyone and may result in unsolicited messages from other internet users.
Spordle uses third-party advertising companies to serve our ads and collect information when users visit the site. These third-party advertising companies employ cookie and 1x1 pixel .gifs or web beacons to measure and improve the effectiveness of ads for their clients. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to our website and other websites in order to provide advertisements on our site, other websites and other forms of media about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, check out http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.
Changes
If we decide to change this privacy policy, we will post the changes on this site, and if there is a material change to our privacy policy for any reason, we will notify you promptly by sending an email to the email address we have on file for you. We considered sending changes via a little rolled up note attached to the leg of a carrier pigeon, but that has proven too costly.
Questions?
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, just send an email to support@spordle.com. Or if for some reason you want to send us a letter (do people still do that?) just address it to Spordle, 602 Boul. Cure-Boivin, Boisbriand, Quebec, Canada J7G 2A7