https://www.sydneybears.com.au/conditions-of-use-website
Website Terms of Use & Privacy Statement
WEBSITE TERMS OF USE
General conditions of access and use of www.sydneybears.com.au
Acknowledgment and acceptance of General Conditions
www.sydneybears.com.au is owned and operated by the Sydney Bears Ice Hockey Club Incorporated.
By accessing and using the SBIHC website you accept and agree to comply with the terms and conditions as stated here.
The Sydney Bears Ice Hockey Club reserves the right to change these conditions at any time effective on the date of posting of the any new and changed provisions.
Site Content
The materials displayed on the SBIHC website including text, graphics, videos, results, advertisements, names, logos and trademarks are protected by copyright, trademark and other intellectual property laws unless expressly indicated otherwise.
Access to the Site
You may view the SBIHC website using your web browser and save an electronic copy, or print out a copy, of parts of the Site provided that you do so for your own personal use, research or study purposes.
You must not access or use the SBIHC website or the Content in any manner or for any purpose which is illegal, violates the rights of the Sydney Bears Ice Hockey Club in any way or is prohibited by the General Conditions.
You must not use the Content for commercial purposes without first obtaining our express written authority.
Disclaimer and limitation of liability
The Sydney Bears Ice Hockey Club does not accept responsibility for loss suffered as a result of your reliance on information contained in this Site. The Sydney Bears Ice Hockey Club and its directors, officers, employees and contractors do not guarantee or warrant that the SBIHC website is error free, omission free or free of viruses.
Neither the Sydney Bears Ice Hockey Club nor its directors, officers, employees or contractors will be liable for any loss or damage, however arising (whether in negligence or otherwise), in connection with your access, the content or any omissions from the content, except where liability is mandated by an Act of Parliament.
Copyright
Copyright in the SBIHC website (including text, graphics, logos, icons, sound recordings and software) is owned or licensed by the Sydney Bears Ice Hockey Club. You may not;
Adapt, reproduce, store, distribute, display, perform, publish or create derivative works from any part of the SBIHC website; or
Commercialise any information, products or services obtained from any part of the SBIHC website.
Governing Law
These General Conditions are governed by the laws in force in New South Wales, Australia. You agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in New South Wales, Australia.
Advertising and links to other web sites
The SBIHC website may contain links to third party sites. Linked Sites are not under our control and we are not responsible for the content of a linked site.
The SBIHC provides these links to you as convenience and the inclusion of any link does not imply any endorsement of the third party site by the SBIHC.
General
The Sydney Bears Ice Hockey Club does not accept any liability for any failure to comply with the General Conditions where the failure is due to circumstances beyond our reasonable control.
If we waive any rights available to us under these General Conditions on one occasion, this does not mean that those rights will automatically be waived on any other occasion.
If any of the General Conditions are held to be invalid, unenforceable or illegal for any reason, the remaining terms and conditions will nevertheless continue in full force.
PRIVACY STATEMENT
The Sydney Bears Ice Hockey Club Incorporated maintains a policy of strict confidence concerning your personal information and work to ensure that this website is compliant with the relevant Privacy legislation in Australia and New South Wales including, but not limited to, the Privacy Act 1988.
Personal information
Any information you choose to provide to us will only be collected to for the purpose of enhancing your use of the SBIHC website, to improve the site, and to keep you informed of relevant upcoming events and activities.
Use and disclosure of information
We will never disclose information that personally identifies you to any third party other than as set out in this Privacy Statement.
Cookies
When you visit the SBIHC website the server may attach a “cookie” to your computer’s memory. A “cookie” assists us to store information on how visitors to the website use it and the pages that may be of most interest. This information is not linked to any personal information you may provide and cannot be used to identify you.
You can adjust your browser settings so that it disables “cookies” or does not accept them if you wish to do so.
Third Parties and your information
We will only collect, store, use or disseminate information that personally identifies you as set out in this Privacy Statement, unless we are required to protect our rights or property (or those of any third party), or to avoid injury to any person, by law.
Although the SBIHC website may link directly to websites operated by third parties you acknowledge that third party sites are not operated by us. We encourage you to always read the applicable privacy statement of any linked third party site.
Your consent
By your use of the SBIHC website you consent to the collection, storage, use and dissemination of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Statement and as otherwise permitted under the Privacy Act.
Storage and security
We will use all reasonable endeavours to keep your personal information in a secure environment. These measures are designed to assist in your personal information not being accessed by unauthorised personnel, lost or misused. If you believe that there has been unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal information, please contact us.
Variation
We may at any time vary the terms of this Privacy Statement. You should check this Privacy Statement regularly so that you are aware of any variations made to this Privacy Statement. You will be deemed to have consented to such variations by your continued use of the SBIHC website following such changes being made.
Contact Us
If you wish to access your personal information, you believe your privacy has been breached or would like to update your details, please contact us.