https://www.mtashland.com/terms-privacy/
skip to Main Content
Today's High: 36°F
TwitterFacebookInstagramYoutubeEmailPhone
Terms of Use
This Site and its information suppliers make no representations or warranties of any kind with respect to services, information or data made available by This Site, including but not limited to the warranties of fitness for a particular purpose or merchantability or non-infringement.  This Site and its information suppliers make no representations or warranties of any kind with respect to the truth, accuracy or completeness of any statements, information, materials, services or data made available by This Site in the Internet site.
This Site and its information suppliers assume no responsibility in connection with the use made available by This Site  In no event shall This Site or its information suppliers be liable for any delays or failures in performance or for any interruption of this Internet site. In no event shall This Site or its information suppliers be liable for any special, incidental, indirect, punitive, or consequential damages or for the loss of profit, revenue, or data however they may arise, even if the user or viewer of this Internet site has been advised of the possibility of potential loss or damage.  This Site does not warrant or make representations or endorsements as to the quality, content, accuracy, or completeness of the information, text, graphics, links, and other items contained on this server or any other server.  Such materials have been compiled from a variety of sources, and are subject to change without notice from This Site as a result of updates and corrections.
Unless otherwise legally permissible, commercial use of the materials is prohibited without the written permission of This Site  All trademarks mentioned herein are the property of their respective owners.  Some of the links on this and subsequent pages may lead to resources outside This Site’s control.  The user of these resources or links should not construe the presence of these links as an endorsement.  This Site is not responsible for the content of such external link.  Communications made through E-mail and Messaging system shall in no way be deemed to constitute legal notice to This Site or any of its agencies, officers, employees, agents, or representatives.
Privacy Policy
This Site is committed to safeguarding your privacy online. Please read the following policy to understand how your personal information will be treated as you use the web site. This policy is subject to change, so please check back here for updates.
You can visit this web site and profile yourself for information about This Site News releases, Calendar events and Employment opportunities without telling us who you are and without revealing any personal information, with the possible exception of your email address. Unless it is specifically requested, we do not collect or store personal identifiable, confidential information such as your name, mailing address, phone number, or social security number.
To use the profiling capability of this web site we require a certain amount of personal identifying information (examples are: user name, password, email address, etc.) that we can use to verify you as a profiled user and send you email alerts pertaining to information you have asked to receive. We use this information to identify you and to personalize your experience while visiting the site. Providing your email address is optional, but we cannot send you email notifications without it.
We will not sell your personal information. We will not use your email address as an alternate means of contacting you, nor will we use it to send you uninvited electronic messages, also known as “spam.”
You can delete your custom profile at any time. If you are profiled, you will automatically receive the information you have chosen to receive. If you no longer want to receive these emails, modify your online profile by logging in and clicking the “Delete Profile” button.
We will not disclose your personal information to any outside organization for any reason. Information about yourself that you volunteer (such as name, address and phone number) will not be given or sold to any outside organization.
Join our email list and we'll deliver regular updates—right to your inbox.
Sign Me Up!
Copyright 2020 Mt. Ashland Association - All Rights Reserved
Explore
[Row]
Conditions
Mountain Report
Webcams
Weather
Latest News
Snowledge App
Snow Safety
The Mountain
COVID-19 Information
Frequently Asked Questions
Operating Schedule
Mountain Statistics
Trail Map
Terrain Parks
Travel Information
Getting Here
Mountain Shuttle Cancelled
Road Cameras
Lodging Partners
Text Alerts
Tickets & Passes
[Row]
Tickets
Lift Tickets
Purchase Lift Tickets Online
Passes
Season Passes
Season Pass Benefits
Gold Passes
Shopping
Your Account
Store
Gift Cards
Lessons & Rentals
[Row]
Lessons
Ski & Snowboard Lessons
Student Youth Ski and Snowboard Program
Rentals
Ski & Board Rentals
Reserve Gear Rentals Online
Repair Center
Beginner Info
Getting Here
Getting Started
Winter Driving Tips
Events
[Row]
Upcoming Events
Events Listing
Winter Events
Race League
Groups
[Row]
Southern Oregon Wedding Venue
Weddings
Outdoor Wedding Venue
Indoor Wedding Venue
Social Events
Event Venue
Reunions and Parties
Corporate Gatherings
Meetings and Retreats
Skiing and Boarding Groups
Community
[Row]
Mt. Ashland Association
Nonprofit Ski Area
Meet The Board
Volunteer
Ski Patrol
Community Partners
Business Office
Donors & Sponsors
Support Mt. Ashland
Local Mountain Fund
Business Sponsors
Sponsorship Info
Donate Now
Environment
Environmental Commitment
Sustainability
Solar Power @ Mt. Ashland
[Custom]
Back To Top
X