https://www.ruggerland.co.nz/privacy-policy/
Right to Use Site and Content This website (“Site”) has been established by The New Zealand Rugby Football Union (Incorporated) (referred to on this Site as the “NZRU”, “we”, “our” or “us”).Your use of this Site is governed by these Terms of Use. By accessing and browsing this Site you agree to be bound by these Terms of Use. If you wish to use any of our, or any of our Associates’, products and services on this Site, you may be required to enter into the relevant agreement recording the terms and conditions for those particular services.
All Liability Excluded To the extent permitted by law:
all warranties, representations and guarantees (whether express, implied or statutory) are excluded, including without limit, suitability, fitness for purpose, accuracy or completeness of this Site or the content on or accessed through it; and
neither we nor any of our Associates will be liable for any damage, loss or expenses, or indirect losses or consequential damages of any kind, suffered or incurred by you in connection with your access to or use of this Site or the content on or accessed through them.
If the New Zealand Consumer Guarantees Act 1993 applies, you may have rights or remedies which are not excluded nor limited by the above. If you are using this Site or any Sub-website or its content for business purposes, the above exclusions and limits will apply and the New Zealand Consumer Guarantees Act 1993 will not apply.
We, or our relevant Associate, will take action, within a reasonable time, to correct any error or inaccuracy on the Site which is brought to our, or the relevant Associate’s, attention.
News Articles, Chat Forum and Fan Support In no circumstances do we hold ourselves out as endorsing, approving or agreeing with the content of any news article, on-line discussion or messages posted by users of this Site
Intellectual Property All intellectual property on this Site, including without limit, the text, graphics and copyright works is owned by us respectively. We and our Associates are the exclusive owners of all rights in the compilation, design and layout of this Site.
Privacy Statement The Privacy Statement available below governs the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information by us. The Privacy Statement forms a part of these Terms of Use.
Third Party Websites This Site may contain links to third party websites. These third party websites have not been prepared by and are not controlled by us or our Associates. The links are provided for your convenience only, and do not imply that we or our Associates check, endorse, approve or agree with the content on the third party websites.
Purchase of Merchandise Any purchases of merchandise through this Site are subject to the terms and conditions of the Terms of Trade available on our store page. The Terms of Trade form part of these Terms of Use.
Jurisdiction and Governing Law This Site, has been prepared in accordance with the requirements of New Zealand law. These terms of use and any matters or disputes connected with this Site will be governed by New Zealand laws and will be dealt with by New Zealand courts.
Amendments We may amend these Terms of Use from time to time so you should check and read these Terms of Use regularly. By continuing to use this Site or the Sub-websites after any such amendment, you are deemed to have agreed to the amended Terms of Use.