http://www.baseballsoftballuk.com/privacy
HomeAbout BSUKCommunityResourcesReturn to Play
FAQContact usFind us020 7453 7055
Site Selector
BaseballSoftballUK
British Softball Federation
British Baseball Federation
Search:
New PlayersPlay Baseball or SoftballTeam FinderHit the PitchAcademiesCoachingCoaching Baseball and SoftballActivatorsCoach Education CoursesBSUK Coach Licence SchemeBSUK Coach PortalClubs / LeaguesDevelopment CharterInsurance and IncidentsUniversitiesSafeguardingIntroduction to SafeguardingPolicies and ProceduresAdvice for ClubsDBS AdviceSafeguarding OfficersSafeguarding TrainingTravel AdviceAdvice for Young PeopleSafeguarding NewsFarnham ParkFarnham ParkHome Plate Bar and KitchenNews#GameReadyEventsEvent ListingsCoach Summit 2021Indoor Softball LeaguesMediaAdvertise with usBSUK TVMailing ListPodcastsYouTube ChannelShop
BSUK Website Privacy Policy
Contents
Introduction and acceptance of Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
Do we store payment information?
What do we use your information for?
Where will your personally-identifiable information appear publicly?
Where will your image be used?
Engaging with BaseballSoftballUK on social media
How do we protect your information?
Do we use cookies?
Do we disclose any information to third parties?
Managing your information
Retention period
Reporting a concern
Terms and conditions
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Contacting us
1. Introduction and acceptance of Privacy Policy
Use of the official websites of BaseballSoftballUK encompasses the following sites:
baseballsoftballuk.com
BSUK Coach Portal at coachportal.baseballsoftballuk.com
Hit The Pitch website at hitthepitch.com
Structural Review Microsite at baseballsoftballunited.uk
Academies website at academy.baseballsoftballuk.com
Farnham Park website at farnhampark.baseballsoftballuk.com
Home Plate Bar and Kitchen website at home-plate.co.uk
Collectively, these are referred to as the "Website" in this policy, and are subject to this Privacy Policy. By using our Website, you consent to our Website Privacy Policy as follows.
2. What information do we collect?
You may visit and use our Website without providing personal information about yourself or having to log into an account. However, in order to do some things or access certain areas, you will be required to provide some information about yourself.
We collect information when you:
Subscribe to one of our email newsletters or join one of our other mailing lists
Respond to an online survey
Fill out an online form (e.g. sign up for events, make a job application, etc)
Create and update your online account (e.g. the BSUK Coach Portal)
The personal information we collect may include, but is not limited to:
Name
Age
Date of birth
Email address
Mailing address
Telephone number
Your image (e.g. if you upload your photograph to your online profile)
Information about your participation in baseball or softball such as the name of the club you are a member of, your role, coaching qualifications or experience in the sport
Information related to your application for employment or a volunteer role with BaseballSoftballUK, such as details of your education and employment history
Names and contact details of other people, for example parent/guardian emergency contacts or employment references.
In specific circumstances, you might be asked about your gender, ethnicity and, where applicable, disability, e.g. when we run equality and diversity surveys. Providing this information is entirely optional and you can state your preference not to say.
Back to contents
3. Do we store payment information?
In some circumstances, you will be asked to make payment through the Website in order to attend an event, join one of our programmes, sign up for a coaching course or purchase apparel, equipment, etc. BSUK does not directly process online payments and we do not collect and store your online payment, credit/debit card or banking information on our servers. Instead, we will direct you a third party site to complete your online payment securely. These sites may include, but are not limited to:
Paypal (e.g. event/programme sign-ups, coach licence renewals, etc)
A commonly used secure online payment method.  If you don't have a Paypal account, you can also pay by debit/credit card through Paypal.
Sport Structures Ltd (for coaching courses)
Bookings on coaching courses through the BSUK Coach Portal are administered by Sport Structures, our coach education partner. Credit/debit card payments are taken through the Sport Structures website.
Aswani Sports International (for BSUK apparel)
To buy apparel such as Academy Baseball / Softball branded clothing you will be directed to the Aswani website, an established online retailer of a range of sports clothing and equipment.
Spawtz (for league or tournament entry, etc)
BSUK uses the Spawtz system to handle some league or tournament organisation (record fixtures, standings, etc). This includes a feature that enables us to collect entry fees from teams. Likewise, teams, leagues and tournament organisers may use this function to collect membership fees from players.
Your transaction through one of the above websites is subject to the separate privacy policy and terms and conditions of that particular website.
Back to contents
4. What do we use your information for?
The information we collect from you through the Website may be used in one of the following ways:
To provide services to you – where you have requested them - in line with our purpose to develop the sports of baseball and softball, such as helping you find playing opportunities, participate in one of our programmes, attend events, achieve a coaching qualification, club development support, etc.
To keep a record of membership, attendance and qualifications associated with our programmes, events and coach education courses.
To fulfil booking requests for facilities such as Farnham Park Baseball & Softball Complex.
To keep a record of accidents and incidents that occur in the sports in line with the requirements of the insurance policies that we administer on behalf of BSUK, the British Baseball Federation and the British Softball Federation.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
To facilitate recruitment processes for employment and volunteering opportunities with BaseballSoftballUK.
To contact you with important information relating to your involvement in the services listed above, as part of delivering that service to you or processing your booking. We will normally contact you by email. The contact details you provide will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to that service/booking. In rare circumstances, it may be necessary to contact Website users with important information relating to their Website account, e.g. for data security reasons or important changes to Website functions.
To send newsletters and news flashes to subscribers. You can unsubscribe from our mailing lists at any time by using the ‘Unsubscribe’ link on the newsletter or contacting us directly.
To send you information about opportunities or products we think you might be interested in based on your involvement with baseball and softball, including some from select partners and third parties. You will receive this only if you have opted in to receiving such mailings when you are given the choice in one of our forms. You can unsubscribe from such mailings at any time by following the ‘Unsubscribe’ instructions on the mailing or contacting us directly.
To improve our website, development programmes and customer service based on the information and feedback we receive from you, e.g. through customer feedback surveys.
In the case of surveys, to help inform future decisions on policy, procedure and activity planning. In some cases, surveys are completed anonymously and unattributable to the individual. For instance, in the case of equality and diversity surveys, personal information such as gender, ethnicity and disability information is provided anonymously, i.e. the survey is not directly linked to your name or other identifying data in our databases. In other cases, individual survey responses will remain confidential to BaseballSoftballUK and used in a way that individuals will not be identified. Responses will be aggregated to provide an overall view and help BaseballSoftballUK develop important insight and, where required, report on our work.
Back to contents
5. Where will your personally identifiable information appear publicly?
We limit the amount of personal information about you that appears on the Website to other users. Some examples may include (but are not limited to) the following:
We may reference your full name if you are featured in news articles, game reports, etc, that we post on the Website and in update newsletters emailed to subscribers of the mailing list. If you would prefer your full name not to be published in these communications, please contact us as soon as possible to request this.
If you submit a comment on a news article or page on the Website, you will be asked to provide your name and email address as well as your comment. This is to help verify that you are a real person (rather than a spam robot) and prevent anonymous posts that might be offensive to others. Your email address will not be published on the Website and you do not have to provide your full name.
If you create a profile to join the Website forum you must create a nickname to use in the forum and can opt to provide other information such as your location and a photo of some kind to use as a forum avatar. How much personally identifiable information you provide in your profile is completely up to you. Your email address will be associated privately with your forum profile in order to send you optional notifications about discussions or messages (either the email address registered to your Website account or another email address you used to sign in to the forum). Although other forum users can send you a direct private message (‘DM’ or ‘PM’) through the forum, they cannot see your email address.
Any other personal information that you choose to publish in discussions in the comments section of pages on the Website or the forum is provided at your own discretion.
The names of BSUK Licenced Coaches are listed on the BSUK Coach Portal along with their qualification level, for easy reference for people looking for qualified coaches. No other personal information is published in this list.
In addition to the above, in such case that your entering a contest, promotion or survey run by Baseball Softball UK might result in us publishing your name or any other personally identifiable data on the Website or public communications, we will make the details of this clear in the specific terms of the contest, promotion or survey at the point that you choose to enter.
Back to contents
6. Where will your image be used?
If you upload your photograph to your online user account it will be stored securely on our servers along with your other profile details and used in line with the purpose and functions of your user account. For example, if you upload your photograph to the BSUK Coach Portal it will be viewable by administrators and might be used to create your Coach Licence Card.
Where adults are participating in a baseball or softball competition, event or programme their image may appear in photographs of the event that we include in news articles on the Website and in email newsletters, and social media promoting the event. It is often the case that individuals are not identified in these photographs, although sometimes they will be when it is relevant to the article. If you wish your image to be removed, you may request this.
Where children/young people under the age of 18 are concerned, there is a specific Photographic Policy adopted by BSUK and the British Baseball and Softball Federations. Please refer to this for details.
Back to contents
7. Engaging with BaseballSoftballUK on social media
BaseballSoftballUK uses certain third party social media channels such as Facebook and Twitter to promote our work and our Website content, and to engage with participants of baseball and softball. You can opt to engage with BSUK via these social media channels and to enter into communication with us and other users via those means. The level of engagement is up to you and may take different forms, e.g. becoming a ‘follower’ of our social media channel, posting or replying to a comment on one of our social media posts, posting an image to one of our social media channels, etc.
By doing so, your social media profile and content/communication you have chosen to post will be linked to BSUK’s social media channel and viewable by others. The exact degree to which this occurs varies depending on the particular social media channel. Both BSUK’s and your use of each social media channel is subject to the privacy policy and terms and conditions of the third party. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of third party websites or products, and we encourage you to read the privacy policies of every website and product that collects personally identifiable information from you.
Back to contents
8. How do we protect your information?
Your online account information associated with any of our services run (e.g. BSUK Coach Portal) is password protected for your privacy and security. You choose your password so the strength of that password is determined by you, and you can change the password at any time. In certain areas, we use industry-standard SSL encryption to protect data transmissions.
The personal information stored in our database can only be accessed by those authorised with special access rights to our systems for the purpose of operating our services, and they are required to keep the information confidential.
We do not install any spyware or adware in connection with our services or authorize any third party to distribute any commercial message by means of spyware or adware. ‘Spyware’ or ‘adware’ is any software which has been downloaded to or installed on an Internet user's computer or device, without the user's actual consent, and facilitates the distribution of any commercial message to the user.
Back to contents
9. Do we use cookies?
Yes. Cookies are small bits of data we store on the device that you use to access our Website (e.g. computer, mobile phone, tablet), so that we can recognise repeat users, save your preferences for future visits, enable functionality and monitor website performance.
For more information, please visit the cookies page.
10. Do we disclose any information to third parties?
We do not sell, trade or otherwise transfer to third parties your personally identifiable information. The exception is those trusted third parties who require access to certain information in order to assist us in operating our Website, conducting our business, or providing services to you. Access is provided on the understanding that those parties agree to keep this information confidential, secure and in adherence with data protection laws.
We may use dedicated third party sites to help us administer certain functions such as surveys and registration forms. Some examples include but are not limited to:
Wufoo - online forms
Survey Monkey - online surveys
Insightly - business contact management system
MailChimp - sending email newsletters to mailing lists
Only BSUK administrators authorised with special access rights to those systems can access the information stored in them for the purpose of operating our services (see What do we use your information for?), and they are required to keep the information confidential. In addition to how we have said we will treat that data in this Policy, the information will be stored on the third party servers and is subject to the privacy policies of those third parties, which must comply with data protection laws.
We may share aggregated demographic, survey responses and website analytics information with third parties. This data is not linked to personal information that can identify you or another individual person.
Notwithstanding any term to the contrary in this Privacy Policy, we reserve the right to use, disclose or share your personal and non-personal information in order to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of Terms of Use of any of our services or as required by law.
Our Website contains links to other websites and products operated by unrelated third parties, including advertisements. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of third party websites or products, and we encourage you to read the privacy policies of every website and product that collects personally identifiable information from you. This Privacy Policy applies only to our Website and services.
Back to contents
11. Managing your information
You can edit and update information held in your online account (e.g. BSUK Coach Portal) by logging in to it and making changes.
You can unsubscribe from receiving mailings from us at any time by clicking the 'Manage my subscriptions', 'Manage my preferences' or ‘Unsubscribe’ links on the email, following the ‘Unsubscribe’ instructions on the mailing or contacting us directly.
If you wish to access, update or delete any other information that you have provided to us through the Website, please contact BSUK. Please be aware that as we require certain information from you (as outlined in this Privacy Policy) to enable your participation in our products and services, a request from you to delete that information might mean that you can no longer participate. We reserve the right to retain certain information necessary to accurate record keeping and ongoing operation of our services, or where we have a lawful reason to store and process the information. In such cases we will aim to keep this to a minimum.
12. Retention period
The length of time that we will retain your data on our Website, servers or in our online survey / form accounts or software (see the section on third party sites) varies depending on what it is used for (see What do we use your information for?).
In the case of your Website account (e.g. Coach Portal) this is likely to be retained on an ongoing basis so that you can continue to have access to the services provided through that account and so that we can maintain accurate records such as coaching qualifications and course attendance for baseball and softball coaches. If you sign up to our mailing list, you will remain on it until either you unsubscribe or we no longer use the mailing list and delete it.
Where you have filled in an online form or survey, we will delete the collected information from the software once we no longer require it for the purposes it was provided. In some cases, we may need to keep certain parts of it for accurate record-keeping and ongoing operation of our services, in which case we will securely transfer and store it in our database.
Please see the section above for more on Managing your information.
Back to contents
13. Reporting a concern
BaseballSoftballUK is registered with the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO), the independent authority set up to uphold information rights and data privacy. If you have a concern about how your information has been handled by us, please contact us. If you still have a concern after that, you can raise it via the ICO.
14. Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms of Use page establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our Website.
15. Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy or are obliged to under the law, we will post those changes on this page. If there are material changes to the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy or how BaseballSoftballUK will use your personal information, such changes will be published prior to implementing the changes. BaseballSoftballUK will use reasonable means to notify users prior to implementing the changes. This will include: prompting the user to read the policies when they first register or when they reactivate their account at the start of a new season; emailing current users and subscribers to the BSUK mailing list; publishing notification of significant changes on the Website. Your use of this Website and other BSUK Properties after such changes are posted will mean that you accept them.
This policy was last modified on 23 May 2018:
Section 12 was inserted to provide information on how long we retain your data for.
16. Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
BaseballSoftballUK
4th Floor, Marathon House
190 Great Dover Street
London SE1 4YB
Tel: +44 (0) 20 7453 7055
Email us
Back to contents
In this section
About BSUK
Our Team
The National Governing Bodies
Our Board
Major League Baseball International
Work With BSUK
Governing Body Endorsements
Company Documents
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Use of Photographs and Video
Make a Complaint
Related
News
Documents
Links
Events
British Baseball Federation leaves BaseballSoftballUK Membership
Coach Summit 2021 goes online - Tickets now available!
Knoblock joins BaseballSoftballUK Staff
Return to Play in Scotland allowed from 28 August
A New Strategy for Baseball and Softball in the UK
Baseball and Softball Return to Play Plan launched
COVID-19 update from BaseballSoftballUK - 12 May
Staying #GameReady In uncertain times
BaseballSoftballUK announces Board Appointments
COVID-19 Update from BaseballSoftballUK
Annual Financial Statements 2019-20
BaseballSoftballUK Strategic Plan 2020-24
Annual Financial Statements 2018-19
Job Description: Public Relations Officer - Sports Broadcasting
BaseballSoftballUK Equality & Diversity Policy
Annual Financial Statements 2017-18
Commercial Manager Job Information Pack
BaseballSoftballUK Ltd Articles of Association 2017
BaseballSoftballUK Ltd Agreement 2017
Annual Financial Statements 2016-17
2010-2011 Year in Review
Farnham Park Baseball & Softball Complex
Home Plate Bar and Kitchen
Baseball Softball United
Hit the Pitch
Year In Review 2012-13
2011-2012 Year in Review
BSUK Coach Summit 2019
BSUK Coach Summit 2018
Northern Regional Academy Baseball Session 1
Northern Regional Academy Baseball Session 2
Northern Regional Academy Baseball Session 3
Northern Regional Academy Baseball Session 4
London Cup Invitational Women’s Fastpitch Tournament
BSUK/MLB Co-ed Slowpitch Tournament
Regional Academy Softball Session (London & South East)
Regional Academy Softball Session (London & South East)
Get in the Game
Contact details
©2011-2020 BaseballSoftballUK Ltd.
4th Floor, Marathon House
190 Great Dover Street
London SE1 4YB
T: +44 (0)20 7453 7055
Registered in England and Wales as BaseballSoftballUK Ltd.
(Company No. 6258953)
Useful site links
Contact us
How to find us
Jobs
Suggest news
Submit an event
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Cookies
Equality Policy
Accessibility
External site links
British Baseball Federation
British Softball Federation
BSUK Coach Portal
Hit the Pitch
BSUK Shop
Farnham Park Baseball and Softball Complex
Home Plate Bar and Kitchen