https://www.boxing247.com/cookies-policy
Skip to content
Boxing News 24/7
Menu
Press
Results
Schedule
Rankings
Boxing Live
Forum
Boxing History
Boxing Interviews
UK Boxing News
Useful Resources
Contact
Read Full Privacy Policy
IMPORTANT NOTICE: PLEASE READ CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE: This policy explains how cookies are used on this website. The policy may be amended from time to time. When we do, we will let you know by appropriate means such as by posting the revised policy on this page with a new “Last Updated” date. By using this site you agree to the placement of cookies on your computer in accordance with the terms of this policy. If you do not wish to accept cookies from this site please either disable cookies or refrain from using this site.
1. What are Cookies?
A cookie is a text-only string of information that a website transfers to the cookie file of the browser on your computer’s hard disk so that the website can recognise you when you revisit and remember certain information about you. This can include which pages you have visited, choices you have made from menus, any specific information you have entered into forms and the time and date of your visit.
2. Types of Cookies
There are two main types of cookies:
Session cookies: these are temporary cookies that expire at the end of a browser session; that is, when you leave the site. Session cookies allow the website to recognise you as you navigate between pages during a single browser session and allow you to use the website most efficiently. For example, session cookies enable a website to remember that a user has placed items in an online shopping basket.
Persistent cookies: in contrast to session cookies, persistent cookies are stored on your equipment between browsing sessions until expiry or deletion. They therefore enable the website to “recognise” you on your return, remember your preferences, and tailor services to you.
In addition to session cookies and persistent cookies, there may be other cookies which are set by the website which you have chosen to visit, such as this website, in order to provide us or third parties with information.
3. Our use of Cookies
We currently use, and may use in the future, the following types of cookies on this website.
We use session cookies to:
help us maintain security and verify your details whilst you use the website as you navigate from page to page, which enables you to avoid having to re-enter your details each time you enter a new page.
We use persistent cookies to:
help us recognise you as a unique user when you return to our website so that you do not have to input your details multiple times as you move between our pages or services
remember how you have customised your use of this site, such as your preferred currency and time zone
collect and compile anonymous, aggregated information for statistical and evaluation purposes to help us understand how users use the website and help us improve the structure of our website.
Many cookies are designed to give you optimal usage of the web. For example, we use cookies to enable you to improve your user experience when using our website, e.g. a cookie which recognises if your browser supports specific technology features. This helps, for example, in enabling web pages to be loaded more quickly when you request the download of a large file.
In addition to cookies which send information to us, we also use cookies which collect information and send it to third parties. An example of this is Google Analytics. We use Google Analytics to help collect and compile information like the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited. Visit Google’s site for an overview of privacy at Google and information on how to opt out of the Google Analytics cookie. Where this site allows such cookies to be set or you access other websites from this site using the links provided, the operators of these websites will use cookies in accordance with their own cookies policy, which may differ from ours.
As with first party cookies, you are able to block third party cookies through your browser settings.
Some of our cookies may collect and store your personal information, such as your name or email address. We are committed to respecting and protecting your privacy and will ensure that all personal information collected by us is kept and treated in accordance with our privacy policy. A link to this policy is available within the footer of this portal.
4. Refusing Cookies on this Site
Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. However, you have the ability to disable cookies if you wish, generally through changing your internet software browsing settings. It may also be possible to configure your browser settings to enable acceptance of specific cookies or to notify you each time a new cookie is about to be stored on your computer enabling you to decide whether to accept or reject the cookie. To manage your use of cookies there are various resources available to you, for example the “Help” section on your browser may assist you. You can also disable or delete the stored data used by technology similar to cookies, such as Local Shared Objects or Flash cookies, by managing your browser’s “add-on settings” or visiting the website of its manufacturer. As our cookies allow you to access some of our website’s features we recommend that you leave cookies enabled. Otherwise, if cookies are disabled, it may mean that you experience reduced functionality or will be prevented from using this site altogether.
Press NewsChris Colbert – Jaime Arboleda Final Presser Notes & QuotesSam Eggington vs Ashley Theophane on Dec. 11 – Channel 5Watch Live: Ramirez vs.
Lopez FITE TV Stream on Dec. 18Stephen ‘Hitman’ Mckenna Signs With Mick HennessyStevie Mckenna: “I Try To Take Opponent’s Heads Off With Every Punch I Throw!”Campbell Hatton Turns Professional With Matchroom Boxing
Recent Posts
Shakur Stevenson – Toka Kahn Clary Final Presser Notes & Quotes
Anthony Joshua – Kubrat Pulev Final Press Conference Quotes
Bob Arum Says Tyson Fury “Agrees With Him” Regarding His Pulev Vs. Joshua Prediction
Joshua says he’s eradicated his weaknesses and enhanced them
Watch LIVE: Joshua vs Pulev Live Stream – Weigh In
22 Years After His Death: Recalling Archie Moore’s Greatest Fight
Boxing History22 Years After His Death: Recalling Archie Moore’s Greatest FightOn This Day: Sugar Ray Robinson Blasts Bobo Olsen To Become A Three-Time Middleweight King1985 Was Huge For A Number Of Stars, But Don Curry Was Undoubtedly The Fighter Of The YearOn This Day: John H. Stracey shocks Jose NapolesRecalling The Joe Louis-Jersey Joe Walcott BattlesOn This Day In 1998: The Great Manny Pacquiao KO’s
Sasakul To Wins His First World Title
Search for:
CloseBoxing Press
Contact Us
Boxing LIVE
Boxing Schedule
Boxing Results
Boxing Rankings
Boxing Fan Forum
Boxing Interviews
Boxing History
UK Boxing News
Send News