https://www.lionsrugby.com/legal-notice-privacy-policy/
Privacy Notice
British & Irish Lions DAC
1st Floor Simmonscourt House
Simmonscourt Road
Ballsbridge
Dublin 4
Registered in Ireland Company No: 318999
We are committed to protecting your privacy and information security.  Please read this Privacy Policy carefully so that you are aware of the steps we take to protect your privacy, what information we collect, how we use it now or may use it in the future and what your rights are.
Applicable channels
This privacy policy applies to all The British & Irish Lions digital channels including, but not limited to, the website lionsrugby.com and the Official Lions Rugby App, powered by Vodafone.
Controllers of information
Any personal information provided to or gathered by our website is controlled by British and Irish Lions DAC, Simmonscourt Road, Ballsbridge, Dublin 4, Ireland.
If you have any queries, please contact privacy@lionsrugby.com
You can also call our office at: +353 (1) 669 0950
We aim to process information about you fairly and in a transparent manner and the aim of this document is to provide you with sufficient information for you to be able to understand what we are doing with your data.  If you are unsure how we are handling information about you or you think we could improve our privacy information please let us know.
What information do we collect? How do we use it?
We process your personal information for the following purposes:
The monitoring of customer traffic patterns and website usage to help us to develop the design and layout of the website and app.
Allowing you to logon to our website or application using social media, such as Facebook or Google+.
Notifying you of British and Irish Lions news and information, which we think, may be of interest to you including by email. We may also need to make contact via phonecall in certain circumstances, typically in relation to competition prizes.
Offering, administering and providing products and services, such as the sale of goods.
Providing you with a more personalised user experience when using our application, website or any other services we might provide to you by analysing, segmenting and profiling our database and allowing us to target you with information we think you might be most interested in including products and services.
Sending you surveys for quality management purposes.
Providing our sponsors with information they would need to assess the effects of their sponsoring and revenue generated by it.
Legal basis for processing your data
We undertake these activities the pursuit of our legitimate interests as a commercial organisation including the marketing and promotion of our brand, products, and services and the promotion of the sport of rugby union and to fulfil any contractual obligations we may have when you make purchases from us.
What we do with the information that we collect?
We will never use your information in a way incompatible with this privacy notice. This will include amongst others that:
We will not put any information about you on general release nor will we sell such information;
We will not transfer personal data outside of the European Economic Area.
Automated decision making and profiling
We will use some of the data that we obtain about you to automatically build a profile of you to help us to understand our customers and prospects.  We will, for example engage with specialist marketing agencies to use your information to predict if you are likely to buy any products or services from us.  This information may be used to determine which communications messages you receive and their frequency.
Children below the age of 18
If you are under the age of 18 you may register on the website or app to receive newsletters and other information but only with parental or guardian consent. You may only make purchases on our website or application if you are aged 18 or over or, if under 18, have received parental or guardian consent.
Whom do we share your data with and for what purpose?
To optimise our services, and to provide you with the best user experience, we may share your personal information between our different group entities.  Sharing of your personal information will only occur when this would be allowed given the purpose your personal information was initially collected for.
To operate our web shop we entered into a partnership with Sportfolio Europe LP.  Any data that is provided to, collected by, or derived using the web shop is co-controlled by both Sportfolio and British and Irish Lions DAC.
To operate our official travel company Lions Rugby Travel we have entered into a partnership with The Mike Burton Group Limited.  Any data that is provided to, collected by, or derived using the travel company is co-controlled by both The Mike Burton Group Limited and British and Irish Lions DAC. The use of this service is subject to its own privacy policy that can be found at https://www.lionstour.com/privacy-policy/.
Next to entities within our group, and our joint ventures with Sportfolio and The Mike Burton Group Limited, we employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf such as delivering packages, analysing data, providing marketing assistance, sending out newsletters, processing credit card payments, and designing and operating our website.  Such companies and individuals have access to your personal information for the purpose of carrying out this work only.  These enterprises will not use your data for any other purpose and under no circumstances will these enterprises use any additional data about you to which they are party for any other purposes.
We would like to share information about you with other rugby organisations to enable them to also contact you with information about their fixtures and other promotions including but not limited to the organisations listed below:
Lions Rugby Travel (known for marketing purposes as Lions Supporter Tours)
Six Nations
We would also like to share information about you with our partners and sponsors to assist them to evaluate the effectiveness of their sponsorship program and to enable them to present commercial offers to you either directly or via our marketing and communications program and also to enable us to run an effective and attractive sponsorship and partnership program which is crucial for our commercial development.  A list of our current partners is available here.
Retention
We collect personal information for specific purposes and on specific legal bases and endeavour to collect only the personal information required for those purposes.  Once this purpose has been fulfilled and the personal information is no longer required, we will anonymise your data by removing any identifiable information or erase it.
Cookies
We use cookies on our website and enable users to decide whether they want to disable cookies via a box which is provided at the bottom of each web page and always served to first-time users. Visit our ‘How do the British and Irish Lions Rugby use cookies’ page for further information.
Your rights
You have the right to request at reasonable intervals access to the personal information we have collected about you. Please refer any access request to privacy@lionsrugby.com. When requesting access to your personal data provide as much detail as possible about what personal data you would like access to and include in the subject line that it regards an access request.
If you so choose you may request us to rectify, erase or block the processing of your personal data if that personal data is no longer accurate, up-to-date or when the further processing of that personal date would be in violation of applicable data protection legislation.
You have a right to receive any personal data that you have provided to us in order to transfer it onto another data controller where the processing is based on consent and is carried out by automated means called a data portability request and you have the right to object to our processing of your personal data where the basis of the processing is our legitimate interests including but not limited to direct marketing and profiling.  Please see above to determine which processing activities are carried out on the basis of our legitimate interests.
You have a right to information about how we are processing information about you and we have an obligation to processes only a minimum of data for specific, explicit and legitimate purposes in a fair, lawful and transparent manner.  This privacy notice fulfils our obligations to provide you with information but you should contact us directly if you have any questions or concerns.
You have a right to lodge a complaint about any aspect of how we are handling your data with the Irish Data Protection Commissioner who can be contacted here.
Any questions regarding your privacy?
We are happy to discuss privacy and data protection with you. If you have any questions about your data and privacy, please contact privacy@lionsrugby.com. You can also call our office at: +353 (1) 669 0950 if you have any queries.
Security
We endeavour to take all reasonable steps to protect your personal data including the use of encryption technology, but cannot guarantee the security of any data you disclose online. You accept the inherent security implications of sending information over the Internet and will not hold us responsible for any breach of security unless we have been negligent.
Applicable Data Protection Law
This privacy notice has been based on the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).  If you are subject to more stringent data protection legislation please refrain from using this website or any of our other services.
Updating your details
If you would like to update the contact details we use for marketing purposes, for example a change of name or email address, please email marketing via the Contact Us webpage and we will action this for you.
Unsubscribing from communications
Should you wish to unsubscribe from The British & Irish Lions marketing communications at any time, please do so here. If, through any of our channels or platforms, you have opted in to receive any communications from our partners or any other organisations, please contact them directly on their individual channels or platforms to unsubscribe from their databases.
Changes to this notice
We might periodically change this privacy notice. If we decide to change our privacy notice, we will post those changes on this page. We therefore recommend you re-visit this page periodically to check for changes.
Version 18 Nov 2020
We use cookies on our site to provide the best online experience, personalise content, and analyse our site - for further information see our privacy policy and cookie policy.Accept CookiesManage Settings