http://www.dirtseries.com/privacy
Home-Image
About
Schedule 2020
HOME
PROGRAM
CAMPS
LOCATIONS
Moab, UT - Apr 18-19
Corte Madera, CA - May 2-3
Winthrop, WA | co-ed - May 9-10
Whistler, BC - May 23-24
Whistler, BC - May 30-31
Waterloo, WI | corporate - June 20-21
Waterloo, WI - June 27-28
Fernie, BC - July 4-5
Whistler, BC | co-ed - July 18-19
Whistler, BC - July 25-26
Mammoth, CA - Aug 1-2
Crested Butte, CO - Aug 8-9
Park City, UT - Aug 15-16
Hood River, OR - Aug 22-23
Calgary, AB - August 28
Calgary, AB - Aug 29-30
Whistler, BC | co-ed - Sep 12-13
Bellingham, WA - Sep 19-20
Santa Cruz, CA | co-ed - Sep 26-27
Fruita, CO - 	Oct 3-4
Sedona, AZ - Oct 10-11
REGISTER
SHOP
Dirt Series Privacy Policy
The Internet allows Dirt Series Mountain Bike Camps Ltd. to interact with you across time and space to offer information and services. At the same time, it also brings legitimate concerns about privacy and security. We are committed to protecting the privacy of individuals and safeguarding information entrusted to us.
What Information is Collected?
Our business involves the receipt, processing and transfer of messages, which contain payment transaction data. The purpose for collecting this information is to execute our commercial service. We also collect and retain certain information, including names and email addresses, from individuals or entities who voluntarily choose to provide them and who purchase products and services. This information is required in connection with our operations, such as registration for mountain bike camps.
When you visit the Dirt Series website, information is not collected that could identify you personally unless you choose to provide it voluntarily. You are welcome to browse our website at any time anonymously and privately without revealing any personal or financial information about yourself.
Security
All the information you provide to us is securely maintained and is kept strictly confidential.
How We Safeguard Your Information
We use up to date technologies and maintain current security standards to ensure that personal and transaction information is protected against unauthorized access, disclosure, inappropriate alteration or misuse. All safety and security measures are also appropriate to the sensitivity level of your information.
The Dirt Series website uses Secure Socket Layer (SSL) and 128 bit encryption technologies to enhance security when you visit the secured areas of the site. SSL is the industry standard protocol for protecting and maintaining the security of message transmissions over the Internet.
To safeguard against unauthorized access to your accounts, you are required to "sign-on" using an encrypted password to certain secured areas of the Dirt Series website. If you are unable to provide the correct password, you will not be able to access these sections.
To ensure your connection to the protected areas of the Dirt Series website is secure, look for either a 'closed lock' or an 'unbroken key' icon located at the bottom right hand side of your browser's task bar. You may also check the Address bar to determine if SSL (Secure Socket Layer) is active by looking at the beginning of the address. If it starts with "https" rather than the standard "http", then SSL is operating.
Anonymous/Non-Personal Information
The Dirt Series website collects anonymous/non-personal information. Anonymous/non-personal information is information that cannot be associated with or traced back to a specific individual or business entity. For example, our web servers collect some anonymous/non-personal information automatically by web servers when you visit our website. Gathered electronically, this information may include the pages you visited, the type of web browser you are using, the level of encryption your browser supports and your Internet Protocol address.
The anonymous/non-personal information collected may be used for research and analytical purposes. For example, we are able to determine how many times our online privacy policy has been visited but we do not know any specific information about those visitors.
To help us better understand our markets, we may also gather information for analytical purposes by conducting anonymous customer surveys and by extracting demographic information from existing files.
When Information May be Disclosed to Third Parties
We keep personal and transaction information confidential except as authorized or required by agreement or by law. The terms and conditions associated with acquiring specific products or services from Dirt Series Mountain Bike Camps Ltd. are set out in our customer agreements. With respect to the matter of privacy, these agreements authorize and require us to: collect payment transaction information from merchants, financial institutions, and third party processors, use this information to provide the services requested of us, process and transfer this information among processors, acquirers or financial institutions who are legitimately involved in the transaction processing sequence.
Access to private, sensitive and confidential information is restricted to authorized employees who have a legitimate business purpose and reason for accessing it.
About Cookies
A cookie is a small text file containing a unique identification number that a website sends to your computer's web browser. While you visit a particular site, a cookie may be used to track the activities of your browser as well as provide you with a consistent, more efficient experience. The Dirt Series website is cookie free, with the exception of our secured areas where cookies are used for security purposes. In addition, third party software used by Dirt Series Mountain Bike Camps Ltd. may contain cookies. Questions, Concerns and Complaints
If you have a question about the privacy policies stated on this site, please email us at info@dirtseries.com
Cart (0)