https://www.liveabout.com/why-cuban-cigars-are-illegal-in-the-u-s-719650
Share
PINTEREST
Email
Print
Cuban Churchhill cigars.
Franco Banfi/Getty Images
Sports & Athletics
Other Activities
Cigars
Collecting
Baseball
Basketball
Bicycling
Billiards
Bodybuilding
Bowling
Boxing
Car Racing
Cheerleading
Cricket
Extreme Sports
Football
Golf
Gymnastics
Ice Hockey
Martial Arts
Professional Wrestling
Skateboarding
Skating
Paintball
Soccer
Swimming & Diving
Table Tennis
Tennis
Track & Field
Volleyball
Learn More
By
Gary Manelski
Gary Manelski is a seasoned cigar reviewer and the founder of Cigar Czars, a resource for information about premium handmade cigars.
our editorial process
Gary Manelski
Updated June 01, 2019
True Cuban cigars are now legal for U.S. citizens to consume, however, it is still illegal for U.S. citizens to buy or sell them. The reason why Cuban cigars are not legal in the United States in this way is ingrained in the memory of older cigar connoisseurs, but to younger cigar smokers, the reason can be found in the annals of history.
Trade Embargo Against Cuba
In February of 1962, President John F. Kennedy established a trade embargo against Cuba to sanction Fidel Castro's communist regime, which seized control of the island in 1959 and then began to confiscate private property and other assets (including cigar companies). Castro continued to be a thorn in the side of the United States. In October of 1962, during the height of the Cold War, he permitted the Soviets to construct missile bases on the island capable of striking the United States. The U.S. responded with a blockade of Cuba to prevent Soviet ships from delivering the materials to complete the project (not to be confused with the Cuban Trade Embargo, which started in February 1962). Because of Castro, the world never came closer to nuclear war than during the Cuban Missile Crisis. Numerous attempts were made by the U.S. to assassinate Castro (one including the use of poison cigars), but there is some speculation that Castro's cohorts may have gotten to JFK first. Regardless, the perspective was that this Communist Dictator is no friend of the United States, and open trade with Cuba would be tantamount to supporting communism, at least in the eyes of U.S. lawmakers.
Will the Embargo Ever Be Lifted?
Since Fidel Castro's death on November 25, 2016, several changes have been made in regards to the relationship between the U.S. and Cuba. The Cuban Trade Embargo is still expected to remain in effect, despite efforts by some who are trying to build support for lifting the ban. In fact, the embargo was made even more restrictive in 2004. However, recently, President Obama has lifted several travel and financial restrictions for U.S. citizens. Previously, United States citizens were unable to legally acquire or consume Cuban cigars, even while traveling abroad. Now, they are able to legally consume Cuban cigars and gift them to friends and family, however, they are unable to buy and sell them in the U.S.
Cuba as a Communist Country
The world may have changed since 1962, but Cuba has not. Even though the United States may trade with other communist countries such as China, Cuba has the dubious distinction of being the only communist country within 90 miles of the United States. A large group of politically active Cuban exiles who now live in South Florida still oppose Castro's decisions that were made during his rule and continue to support the embargo. Although some may argue that the embargo is not working, since Cuba's citizens are the ones who are suffering, and because Cuba is still communist, the question now is whether or not U.S. lawmakers should lift the embargo and let U.S. citizens decide if they want to support Cuba's economy by buying its products. Otherwise, the question revolves around should the embargo continue to be enforced until Cuba installs a democratic government and returns the private property that was seized. In July 2015, Cuba and the United States has held diplomatic relations as a step toward progress between the two countries.
Are Cuban Cigars Legal in the United States?
Fidel Castro Jokes
10 Most Infamous Spies in History
Famous Quotes That Reveal the True Face of Politics
Movies About the War in Afghanistan: Best and Worst
Bogus Khrushchev 'Small Doses of Socialism' Quote Makes the Rounds Again
25 Hilarious Historical Facts You Won't Believe Actually Happened
Top 10 War Films Used as Political Propaganda
Area 51: A Top Secret Government Facility
Dumbest Political Quotes of All Time
Donald Trump's Craziest Quotes
Biography of Desi Arnaz
Donald Trump Quotes
The 15 Greatest DC Comics World War II Covers
The Best Late-Night North Korea Jokes
10 Most Ridiculous Pat Robertson Quotes