http://www.northberwickgolfclub.com/terms_and_conditions
More
North Berwick Golf Club
Close
The North BerwickGolf Club
Member LOGIN
{sphidersearch}
Login
Menu
HomeLoginSpecial OffersVisitorsVisitor InformationGreen Fee InformationBooking Terms & ConditionsGetting HereFAQs OpensThe CourseThe West LinksThe Wee CourseGolf Environment Accreditation The ClubhouseAboutFacilitiesBar & LoungeThe Club Room HistoryThe ClubThe West Links HistoryTimelineChampionships ProfessionalMembership
BOOK YOUR ROUND NOW
BOOK YOUR ROUND NOW
Terms and Conditions
1. Dress RulesOn the Course1.1 Shirts and trousers must be of an accepted golfing style.1.2 Shorts must be tailored, of a reasonable length and worn with knee length socks.1.3 Denim jeans should not be worn on the course.1.4 All players must wear proper golf shoes.In the Clubhouse1.6 Please look on the website for full dress code for the Clubhouse. Smart jeans are welcome in the clubhouse, as are training shoes. Football and other sports tops and tracksuits are not welcome.2. Definitions and InterpretationIn this Agreement the following terms shall have the following meanings:“Content” means any text, graphics, images, audio, video, software, data compilations and any other form of information capable of being stored in a computer that appears on or forms part of this Web Site;“clubname” means North Berwick Golf Club and trading name/address;“Service” means collectively any online facilities, tools, services or information that North Berwick Golf Club makes available through the Web Site either now or in the future;“System” means any online communications infrastructure that North Berwick Golf Club makes available through the Web Site either now or in the future. This includes, but is not limited to, web-based email, message boards, live chat facilities and email links;“User” / “Users” means any third party that accesses the Web Site and is not employed by North Berwick Golf Club and acting in the course of their employment; and “Web Site” means the website that you are currently using(www.northberwickgolfclub.com) and any sub-domains of this site unless expressly excluded by their own terms and conditions.3. Intellectual Property3.1 All Content included on the Web Site, unless uploaded by Users, including, but not limited to, text, graphics, logos, icons, images, sound clips, video clips, data compilations, page layout, underlying code and software is the property of North Berwick Golf Club, our affiliates or other relevant third parties. By continuing to use the Web Site you acknowledge that such material is protected by applicable United Kingdom and International intellectual property and other relevant laws.3.2 Subject to sub-clause 3.3 you may not reproduce, copy, distribute, store or in any other fashion re-use material from the Web Site unless otherwise indicated on the Web Site or unless given express written permission to do so by North Berwick Golf Club3.3 Material from the Web Site may be re-used without written permission where any of the exceptions detailed in Chapter III of the Copyright Designs and Patents Act 1988 apply.4. Links to Other Web SitesThis Web Site may contain links to other sites. Unless expressly stated, these sites are not under the control of North Berwick Golf Club or that of our affiliates. We assume no responsibility for the content of such web sites and disclaim liability for any and all forms of loss or damage arising out of the use of them. The inclusion of a link to another site on this Web Site does not imply any endorsement of the sites themselves or of those in control of them.5. Links to this Web SiteThose wishing to place a link to this Web Site on other sites may do so only to the home page of the site www.northberwickgolfclub.com here without prior permission. Deep linking (i.e. links to specific pages within the site) requires the express permission of North Berwick Golf Club here.6. Disclaimers6.1 North Berwick Golf Club makes no warranty or representation that the Web Site will meet your requirements, that it will be of satisfactory quality, that it will be fit for a particular purpose, that it will not infringe the rights of third parties, that it will be compatible with all systems, that it will be secure and that all information provided will be accurate. We make no guarantee of any specific results from the use of our Service.6.2 No part of this Web Site is intended to constitute advice and the Content of this Web Site should not be relied upon when making any decisions or taking any action of any kind.7. Availability of the Web SiteThe Service is provided “as is” and on an “as available” basis. We give no warranty that the Service will be free of defects and / or faults. To the maximum extent permitted by the law we provide no warranties (express or implied) of fitness for a particular purpose, accuracy of information, compatibility and satisfactory quality. North Berwick Golf Club accepts no liability for any disruption or non-availability of the Web Site resulting from external causes including, but not limited to, ISP equipment failure, host equipment failure, communications network failure, power failure, natural events, acts of war or legal restrictions and censorship.8. Limitation of Liability8.1 To the maximum extent permitted by law, North Berwick Golf Club accepts no liability for any direct or indirect loss or damage, foreseeable or otherwise, including any consequential, special or exemplary damages arising from the use of the Web Site or any information contained therein. Users should be aware that they use the Web Site and its Content at their own risk.8.2 Nothing in these terms and conditions excludes or restricts North Berwick Golf Club's liability for death or personal injury resulting from any negligence or fraud on the part of North Berwick Golf Club8.3 Every effort has been made to ensure that these terms and conditions adhere strictly with the relevant provisions of the Unfair Contract Terms Act 1977. However, in the event that any of these terms are found to be unlawful, invalid or otherwise unenforceable, that term is to be deemed severed from these terms and conditions and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining terms and conditions. This term shall apply only within jurisdictions where a particular term is illegal.9. No WaiverIn the event that any party to these Terms and Conditions fails to exercise any right or remedy contained herein, this shall not be construed as a waiver of that right or remedy.10. Previous Terms and ConditionsIn the event of any conflict between these Terms and Conditions and any prior versions thereof, the provisions of these Terms and Conditions shall prevail unless it is expressly stated otherwise.11. NoticesAll notices / communications shall be given to us either by post to our Premises (see address above). Such notice will be deemed received 3 days after posting if sent by first class post, the day of sending if the email is received in full on a business day and on the next business day if the email is sent on a weekend or public holiday.12. RefundsNo refund will be given on any booking unless the course is deemed unfit for play by the club management.  A booking may be transferred to another date within that calendar year. The club management decision is full and final.13. Transfer of Tee TimesAll tee times are to be used by the named person. Someone wishing to transfer the name can do so only with the clubs agreement. The tee time is strictly not for re-sale via the player under any circumstances.14. Rearranged Tee TimesYou can request that your booked tee time be changed within the same day of play, appropriate charges will be incurred in line with the daily pricing policy. This transfer can only be done with the clubs agreement and the management’s decision is final.15. Cancellation PolicyYou can cancel your booking by calling the club on 01620 895040.16 . Privacy StatementThis website is owned by North Berwick Golf Club whose contact details are on the website.Important: By submitting personal data to us and/or by using our website you give your consent that all personal data that you submit may be processed by us in the manner and for the purposes described below.Scope of privacy policyWe are committed to maintaining the privacy and confidentiality of information provided by you to us. This privacy policy describes our current policies and practices with regard to personal data collected by us from you directly and/or through the website. The term ‘personal data’ refers to personally identifiable information about you as defined in the Data Protection Act 1998.Notification of changes to privacy policyWe are continually improving our methods of communication and adding new functionality and features to this website and to our existing services. Because of these ongoing changes, changes in the law and the changing nature of technology, our data protection practices will change from time to time. If and when our data practices change, we will notify you. We encourage you to check this page frequently.Collection of personal data including email addressesYou may choose to receive information or services from us. When you contact us, we request personal information about you such as your name, postal address, email address and telephone number. The information you provide is either manually or electronically stored.Use of personal dataWe will use your personal data to fulfil your instructions and requirements and we will ask only for data that is adequate, relevant and not excessive for those purposes. Where we send you information for any purpose, it may be sent by email or post. When we ask you for personal data it may be for any of the following purposes:To contact you to inform you of our services or eventsTo send you regular updates on issues we think will be of interest to youTo send you requested information on our people and servicesTo use your personal data in connection with your access to information and materials on our websiteTo use your personal data for marketing purposes and market researchTo administer this website and help us improve our servicesTo use your personal data in relation to or arising from our events and publicationsTo issue invoices, manage accounts and records, and collection of payments and debts.UnsubscribeWe hope you will be pleased with our information and services. However, if you do not wish to receive emails from us and want to be removed from our electronic mailing list, please email us at the address given below with “email unsubscribe” in the subject heading.If you also wish to be removed from our postal marketing database, please let us know by emailing us at the address given below with “mail unsubscribe” in the subject heading or writing to us at the address given below.Anonymous data collected through this websiteIn addition to the information we collect as described above, we use technology to collect anonymous information about the use of our website. For example, our web server automatically logs which pages of our website our visitors view, their IP addresses and which web browsers they use. This technology does not personally identify you - it simply enables us to compile statistics about our visitors and their use of our website.Our website contains hyperlinks to other pages on our website. We may use technology to track how often these links are used and which pages on our website our visitors choose to view. Again this technology does not identify you personally – it simply enables us to compile statistics about the use of these hyperlinks.Disclosure of your personal dataWe do not share, sell or distribute your personal data with unrelated third parties, except as otherwise provided for in this privacy policy and under these limited circumstances:Data access and correctionsUpon receipt of your written request and enough information to permit us to identify your personal data, we will disclose to you the personal data we hold about you, for which we may make a charge up to the maximum as allowed by applicable law. We will also correct, amend or delete any personal data that is inaccurate.Requests to delete personal data are subject to any applicable legal and ethical reporting or document retention obligations imposed on us.Links to other websitesThis website may contain hyperlinks to websites that are not operated by us. These hyperlinks are provided for your reference and convenience only and do not imply any endorsement of the activities of such third-party websites or any association with their operators. We do not control these websites and are not responsible for their personal data practices. We urge you to review any privacy policy posted on any site you visit before using the site or providing any personal data about yourself.PrivacyThis Website is provided by IntelligentGolf on behalf of North Berwick Golf Club. North Berwick Golf Club uses this website to provide online information and services, competition management and CONGU ratified handicap maintenance, for playing members of its Golf Club.Access to this website is via North Berwick Membership ID and a User managed PIN number and is limited to Golf Club Members and selected Club staff who need access for the purpose of supplying and maintaining information relative to the primary functions of the website, as stated above.North Berwick Golf Club will transfer from its own membership system only those personal details relevant to Golf Club membership such that a Golf Club Member may utilise this website effectively.Users of the website are able to specify additional personal details by accessing the 'Preferences' area under the 'My Golf' menu option. The details specified here will be used solely for the following purposes:-1) Communication between members to facilitate the management of matches and competitions2) Communication between Golf Club Members, Committee Members and Staff to promote accessibility and enable the effective and smooth running of the club.3) Contact information may be passed to North Berwick Golf Club's membership system to maintain up to date contact information.Cookies are used throughout this website for tracking session data, and this data is discarded automatically after you leave the website. Persistent cookies may also be used to remember your Membership ID if this option is selected by you.
Visitors are welcome to play the course 6 days per week (ex. Saturdays)
Request a tee time
Created by intelligentgolf version 10.1.2.
Visitors are welcome to play the course 6 days per week (ex. Saturdays)
Tee Booking Enquiry Form
Copyright © 2020
The North Berwick Golf Club. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions