http://www.safc.com/hygiene/terms-and-conditions
X
Streaming is available through desktop and through the SAFSEE mobile app
DOWNLOAD THE APP
Top Navigation accesskey[1]
Sub Navigation accesskey[2]
Main Content accesskey[3]
Footer accesskey[4]
Terms and Conditions
Facebook
Twitter
IMPORTANT INFORMATION
SUNDERLAND ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL CLUB LIMITED ("SAFC") TERMS AND CONDITIONS
The safc.com website is owned and operated by SAFC ("we", "our" and "us"), whose registered office is at the Sunderland Stadium of Light, Sunderland, Tyne & Wear SR5 1SU, England.
Please read these terms and conditions carefully as they apply to your access to and use of our Website. By using safc.com you agree to be legally bound by these terms and to link our site only through our homepage. If you do not agree to these terms please leave the site.
You may print these terms and conditions for your future reference.
If you have any questions about these terms and conditions or this website or if you have any general enquiries, customer service related enquiries or anything else you would like to tell us about please contact us. Alternatively, you can write to us at Sunderland AFC, Stadium of Light, Sunderland, SR5 1SU.
Data Protection and Privacy
We request that you pay particular attention to our Privacy Policy which sets out the principles by which we abide in relation to the treatment of information about visitors to our Website.
Please read our Privacy Policy which governs your visit to safc.com
Any personal information which you give to us will be stored and used in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Registering your personal details
From time to time you may be asked to register your details with us in order to receive information from us and/ or in order to receive products or services or enter competitions. Please ensure that the details you provide us with are correct and complete and inform us immediately of any changes to the information that you provided when registering.
Safc.com reserves the right to refuse access to the website, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders at our discretion.
You will be asked to check a box indicating that you have read these terms and conditions and wish to proceed.
Interactive services
If you choose to access any interactive services provided by safc.com then there may be other guidelines or rules which you will have to abide by. For example, if you enter any chatroom or other community area we expect all our users to behave in a respectful way to other users.
Hyperlinks
This Website may include hyperlinks to Websites operated by other parties and content posted by visitors to our Website. If you decide to access other websites, then you will be leaving safc.com. We are not responsible for examining or evaluating them or their content and their inclusion does not imply our endorsement of their content.
We are therefore not responsible for the content of external Internet sites that link to this Website or which are linked from it and for any dealings which you may have or the consequences of such dealings with the operators of those sites.
We are not responsible for any loss or damage suffered by you in linking to any other site or sites. Nor are we responsible for any content posted to this Website by visitors.
Security
Access to any password protected area or feature of this Website will be gained by using the username and the password selected by you during the registration procedure.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and the proper use of your username, password and account and for restricting access to your computer to prevent unauthorised access to your account.
You should take all necessary steps to ensure that the password is kept confidential and secure and should inform us immediately if you have any reason to believe that your password has become known to anyone else, or if the password is being, or is likely to be, used in an unauthorised manner.
You agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. In order to assist us with our security policy, you should not leave your computer terminal unattended while you are logged on to our Website and should ensure that it is switched off each time you have finished.
We reserve the right to refuse service or terminate your account if we suspect an unauthorised person is attempting to access it.
Access to safc.com
We will endeavour to ensure that availability of the website will be uninterrupted and that transmissions will be error-free. However, this cannot be guaranteed. Also, your access to the website may be occasionally suspended or restricted to allow for repairs, maintenance, or the introduction of new facilities or services. We will attempt to limit the frequency and duration of any such suspension or restriction.
Copyright Notice
All content included on the website, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, video clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software, is the exclusive property of SAFC, its affiliates or its content suppliers and is protected by United Kingdom and international copyright and other intellectual property rights.
All software used on this website is the property of safc.com, our affiliates or our software suppliers and is protected by United Kingdom and international copyright laws. It is published by us and may not be reproduced other than by downloading and viewing on a single CPU and/ or printing a single hard copy for private or internal business purposes only. It is not to be otherwise reproduced, transmitted, made available on a network or used to create derivative works without prior written consent.
SAFC's logos are the trademarks of SAFC. SAFC's trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not SAFC's, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits SAFC. All other trademarks not owned by SAFC that appear on this website are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by SAFC.
No rights are granted to use any of them without our prior written consent.
Any infringement of our rights will result in appropriate legal action.
Any framing of this Website is prohibited. All links to this Website must go to www.safc.com. Please do not link directly to any other pages on this Website. We cannot accept any responsibility or liability for access to or the material on any site which is linked from or to this Website.
This notice is made by Sunderland Association Football Club Limited, registered in England with number 00049116 with registered office at the Sunderland Stadium of Light, Sunderland, Tyne & Wear SR5 1SU. Our postal address is the Sunderland Stadium of Light, Sunderland, Tyne & Wear SR5 1SU.
Licence for website access
Safc.com grants you a limited licence to access and make personal use of this website, but not to download (other than page caching) or modify it, or any portion of it, except with express written consent of safc.com. This licence does not include any resale or commercial use of this website or its contents; any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices; any derivative use of this website or its contents; any downloading or copying of account information for the benefit of another merchant; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools.
This website or any portion of this website may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without our express written consent.
You may not frame or use framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of safc.com and its affiliates without express written consent. You may not use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilising safc.com's or its affiliates' names or trademarks without the express written consent of safc.com. Any unauthorised use terminates the permission or license granted by safc.com.
Reviews, comments, communications and other content
In such circumstances where the facilities exist, users of safc.com may post reviews, comments and other content; send communications; and submit suggestions, ideas, comments, questions, or other information.
If you do post content or submit material, and unless we indicate otherwise, you grant safc.com and its affiliates a non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sub-licensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such content throughout the world in any media. You grant safc.com and its affiliates and sub-licensees the right to use the name that you submit in connection with such content, if they choose. You agree to waive your right to be identified as the author of such content and your right to object to derogatory treatment of such content. You agree to perform all further acts necessary to perfect any of the above rights granted by you to safc.com, including the execution of deeds and documents, at the request of safc.com.
You represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the content that you post; that, as at the date that the content or material is submitted to safc.com: (i) the content and material is accurate; (ii) use of the content and material you supply does not breach any applicable safc.com policies or guidelines and will not cause injury to any person or entity (including that the content or material is not defamatory). You agree to indemnify safc.com and its affiliates for all claims brought by a third party against safc.com or its affiliates arising out of or in connection with a breach of any of these warranties.
Your conduct
You must not use the website in any way that causes, or is likely to cause, the website or access to it to be interrupted, damaged or impaired in any way.
When using safc.com you agree:
• not to do anything which will or might damage, interfere with, disrupt access to, interrupt or impair the functionality of the material available on the site;
• to be entirely responsible for and keep secret any password used by you. You should change your password if you believe it is no longer secret;
• not to post, distribute or otherwise upload any illegal, defamatory, offensive, infringing, obscene, threatening, abusive, indecent or otherwise unlawful or objectionable material or information or send any chain letters, mass mailings, junk mail, 'spamming' material or any other form of bulk communication or commercial solicitation;
• not to threaten, harass, stalk, abuse, disrupt or otherwise violate the rights of others, including individuals' privacy rights; not to impersonate any person or entity or mislead as to the origin of any content; not to make any unauthorised, false or fraudulent orders, bookings or request for services;
• not to obtain or attempt to obtain unauthorised access to the site or any private or member account areas on the site;
• not to send any material which consists of or contains software viruses;
• not do, cause or permit anything to be done that may infringe, damage or interfere with any intellectual property rights of SAFC. Also, not to do anything that is otherwise unlawful or which may cause any liability for us or any other SAFC subsidiary company or affiliate.
• If you send us or post any material or other information to safc.com or the other SAFC site you agree that SAFC will not treat this information as confidential and we will be free to keep and republish this information and reuse it as we see fit. You agree to give up your rights to be identified as the author of this information and to object to any use of this information by us.
You understand that you, and not safc.com, are responsible for all electronic communications and content sent from your computer to us and you must use the website for lawful purposes only.
Breach of these terms and conditions
If we consider that you have breached any of these terms and conditions or have otherwise demonstrated inappropriate conduct when using the safc.com site we reserve the right to:
• warn you via e-mail that you have breached these terms, and ask you to stop such conduct;
• delete any material or content which you may have posted without notice to you;
• discontinue your membership to safc.com and/or any other related subscriptions to additional services offered through the safc.com site; and
• take measures (including terminating, suspending or restricting your access) to prevent you from using the safc.com site.
If your conduct on or use of safc.com site causes us or any other SAFC subsidiary company or affiliate loss, damage or other costs, you shall be responsible for reimbursing those costs.
Electronic communications
When you visit safc.com or send e-mails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. We communicate with you by e-mail or by posting notices on the website. For contractual purposes, you consent to receive communications from us electronically and you agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing. This condition does not affect your statutory rights.
Content on website
The content on our website does not form part of any Contract.
We reserve the right to make any changes in any of the content on our website.
Any error or omission on our Website or in any document or information issued by us (or displayed on our Website) shall be subject to correction without any liability on our part.
This Website is for information only. We have used reasonable care and skill in compiling its contents but make no warranty (express or implied) as to the nature or accuracy of any material on this Website.
Limitation of Liability
Your attention is drawn specifically to this paragraph. If anything which we do, or fail to do due to our negligence, causes death or personal injury, then our liability shall be unlimited. Nothing in these terms and conditions affects your legal rights as a consumer.
We take reasonable steps to ensure a fast and reliable service but we cannot be held responsible for:
• the security of the safc.com site;
• for any damage, loss of, or corruption of any data, information or material or viruses that may infect your computer equipment or other property;
• breach of security by hackers as a result of your use of the safc.com site.
This Website or any part of it may not be compatible with your browser or computer configuration and we make no warranty that it is. We make no warranty that our services via this Website will be available at any particular time or that your access to our Website will be uninterrupted, timely or error free and we will not be responsible if we are unable to provide the Website or its services for any reason.
If you are accessing our Website and services in the course of a business, all implied warranties and conditions are excluded to the maximum extent permitted by law.
We shall not be liable for any losses you suffer as a result of unauthorised access to your account.
We shall not be responsible for any claim, loss of profit, revenue, contracts, loss or corruption of data or information, loss of production, loss or depletion of goodwill or any indirect, incidental or consequential loss, costs or expenses whatsoever arising out of or in any way connected to your use of our Website, your use of or failure to use our Website or our failure to deliver services contained on our Website. This includes any information, products or services obtained through, or any contract entered into through, safc.com.
From time to time we may need to update the content on safc.com and/ or maintain the software and other equipment that runs the site. During these times you may not be able to access the site or you will experience slower access.
Indemnity
If you are accessing our Website in the course of a business, you agree to indemnify us and to keep us indemnified from all or any liability or damages we incur in contract, tort or otherwise towards a third party as a result of your use of this Website or any of the services accessible through your user account.
Our Customer Services Policy
This Website and the services available on it are provided by SAFC. We are committed to meeting the highest quality standards in the delivery of the service we provide to our customers. We aim to provide efficient and effective service and take any problems that do arise very seriously indeed. We aim to ensure that any complaints our customers may have are identified quickly and dealt with in accordance with our complaints handling procedure. In the event that you have any cause for complaint with regard to any of our services please contact us.
Alternatively, you may raise the matter with the Customer Service Department at Sunderland AFC, Stadium of Light, Sunderland. SR5 1SU.
We will investigate your complaint in accordance with an internal written procedure which involves:-
• acknowledging any complaint and responding in full within 14 days or, if that is not possible, letting you know within that time when we will be able to respond fully;
• carrying out a full review of your matter;
• responding to you with our views on your complaint and how we propose to resolve it;
A copy of our written complaints procedure will be provided to you upon request.
General
We reserve the right to make changes to our website, policies, and to make amendments and/ or modifications to these Terms and Conditions at any time which will take effect immediately. You will be subject to the terms and conditions in force at the time that you use the Website or that you order goods from us, unless any change to these conditions is required to be made by law or government authority (in which case it will apply to orders previously placed by you). If you do not agree, at any time, to be legally bound by all the terms and conditions, please do not access and/ or use safc.com.
If you breach these conditions and we take no action, we will still be entitled to use our rights and remedies in any other situation where you breach these conditions.
You are not permitted to assign your rights under these terms and conditions. All rights under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.
If any provision contained in these terms and conditions is determined to be invalid or unenforceable the remainder of the terms and conditions shall not be affected.
The services have been prepared in compliance with the laws of England and Wales and are not suitable for use in other parts of the United Kingdom or overseas. You should seek appropriate legal advice if you are unsure as to which country's law or jurisdiction applies to your circumstances.
None of the services may be used for any purpose in connection with people or property in any countries other than England and Wales.
Our Website is operated and controlled from the United Kingdom and these terms and conditions and your use of this Website are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales. Unless you are using our Website and services as a consumer, by agreeing to these terms and conditions you consent to all disputes arising out of or relating to your use of this Website being governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales and decided only by the courts of England and Wales. If you are accessing this Website from another jurisdiction it is your responsibility to ensure compliance with the laws that apply to that jurisdiction.
These terms and conditions constitute the entire agreement between us with respect to our Website and the services we provide through it and supersede all prior communications and agreements between us, whether electronic, oral or written, regarding the subject matter contained in our Website. A printed version of these terms and conditions and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form.
Back to top
By continuing, you agree to the use of cookies. To find out more click here
Accept cookies