http://www.cyclingtimetrials.org.uk/pages/terms/ctt_terms
About
Organiser Information
Event Organisers Hub Abandonment of Events Come & Try It Events CTT Insurance Duties of Promoting Secretaries
About The CTT
About CTT Badge of Honour Board of directors Contact Us CTT Districts History of Cycling Time Trials Joining CTT Past Officials Test
Rules & Regulations
Anti Doping Rules Articles Regulations Rules of Cycling Time Trials Safeguarding Standing Orders
Getting Started
Basic Information for Beginners Clothing Your First Time Trial
Competition
BBAR BBAR Conditions Champion of Champions Major Competitions National Championships National Championships Conditions National Youth Championship for the GHS trophy. RTTC Trophies Sigma Sports Classic Series
Past Champions
BBAR - Junior Men & Junior Women BBAR - Men - Individual BBAR - Men - Team BBAR - Women - Individual BBAR - Women - Team Champion of Champions Championships - Junior Men & Junior Women Championships - Men - Individual Championships - Men - Team Championships - Women - Individual Championships - Women - Team GHS (George Herbert Stancer Memorial) RTTC Classic Series
Data Protection
Data Privacy Notice GDPR Guidance - Event Organisers GDPR Guidance - Event Organisers (club events)
Records
Junior & Juvenile Women Junior Men Juvenile Men Men - Bicycle - Individual Men - Bicycle - Team Men - Tandem Bicycle Men - Tandem Tricycle Men - Tricycle - Individual Men - Tricycle - Team Mixed - Tandem Bicycle Mixed - Tandem Tricycle Women - Bicycle - Individual Women - Bicycle -Team Women - Tandem Bicycle Women - Tandem Tricycle Women - Tricycle - Individual Women - Tricycle -Team
Policies & Procedures
Transgender policy Website T&C's
Events
Events Startsheets Results
Competitions
Comps
Rankings New
Ranking results
BBAR
BBAR results About BBAR BBAR Conditions
Junior BBAR
Junior BBAR results About Junior BBAR
Discover
Courses Clubs Districts Registered Riders Individual Results
News
News Items Race Reports Video Gallery Newsletters Latest Features
Shop
Forms
Newsletters Organiser Information Parents/Guardians Guidance Notes Club Secretaries/Treasurers Riders Milestones COVID-19
Register
Login
Register
Login
Transgender policy
Website T&C's
Website T&C's
Website usage terms
Welcome to the Cycling Time Trials website. If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern Cycling Time Trials’ relationship with you in relation to this website. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use the website.
This website and its content is copyright of Cycling Time Trials - © Cycling Time Trials 2016. All rights reserved.
Any redistribution or reproduction of part or all of the contents in any form is prohibited other than the following:
you may print or download to a local hard disk extracts for your personal and non-commercial use only.
you may copy the content to individual third parties for their personal use, but only if you acknowledge the website as the source of the material
You may not, except with our express written permission, distribute or commercially exploit the content. Nor may you transmit it or store it in any other website or other form of electronic retrieval system.
The term ‘Cycling Time Trials’ or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to the owner of the website whose registered office is c/o DJH Accountants, Porthill Lodge, High Street, Wolstanton, Newcastle under Lyme, Staffordshire, ST5 0EZ. Cycling Time Trials’ is a company limited by guarantee, registered in England under company number 4413282.  The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.  Your use of this website is subject to the terms existing at that time.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance these terms and conditions.
All trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property of, or licensed to the operator, are acknowledged on the website.
Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
From time to time, this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales.
The information contained in this website is for general information purposes only. The information is provided by Cycling Time Trials and while we endeavour to keep the information up to date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the website for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk.
In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of, or in connection with, the use of this website.
Through this website you are able to link to other websites which are not under the control of Cycling Time Trials. We have no control over the nature, content and availability of those sites. The inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation or endorse the views expressed within them.
Every effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly. However, Cycling Time Trials takes no responsibility for, and will not be liable for, the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control.
April 2018