https://www.esportsbettingwebsites.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
eSportsBettingWebsites.com is committed to respecting your privacy and to complying with applicable data protection laws. Our site assures you that your personal data is processed fairly, lawfully and in accordance with good practice and is only collected for specific purposes.
By entering the website, you are accepting that we store and process information about the activity through the pages as well as the IP address, the browser, and the PC server. We take the security and confidentiality of your personal data seriously and shall endeavor to ensure that such data is not disclosed at any time to any third party without your prior explicit consent.
What Information Is Being Collected?
The information we collect about you may include your name, email address, IP address, location, your chosen internet browser and service provider, and device plus any information you supply voluntarily.
Where it is reasonable for us to do so and not detrimental to your rights and freedoms, we also collect Personal Data from publicly available sources such as internet searches and broadcast media.
How is it collected?
We collect Personal Information submitted directly by You, or non-Personal Information transmitted automatically from Your device using various standard technologies, such as cookies, digital identifiers, log files, web beacons or other similar technologies.
Why is it being collected?
We use information held about you in the following ways:
To deliver quality services to you.
To ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
Complying with any law and regulations that apply to us.
How We Use the Collected Information?
We use your Personal Information for the purposes listed below:
To set up, manage and update your account;
To provide you with a responsible gaming environment;
To communicate with your and to process any of your requests to exercise your User Rights;
To investigate violations of our policies and User Agreement as well as enforce our policies and the User Agreement;
With Whom We Share Information?
We do not rent, sell, or share your Personal Information with third parties except as described in this Privacy Policy. The Personal Information will be disclosed to Recipients only to the extent required for the specific purpose, as stipulated in this Privacy Policy.
We may share your Personal Data with:
Law enforcement agencies, regulators and other authorities.
Fraud prevention agencies.
Identity verification agencies
Third parties you ask us (or permit us) to share your data with.
Cookies
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard internet log information and visitor behavior information. This information is used to track visitor use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity. For further information visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org. You can set your browser not to accept cookies and the above websites tell you how to remove cookies from your browser. However, in a few cases, some of our website features may not function as a result.
Other Websites
Please keep in mind that this Privacy Policy does not apply to any third part’s websites, even if they are accessible, through esportsbettingwebsites.com. You should always review their privacy practices carefully before providing Personal Information to such third parties.
You are knowingly and voluntarily assuming all risks of using any third-party websites. You agree that we shall have no liability whatsoever with respect to such third party sites and your usage of them.
Minors
The services provided by esportsbettingwebsites.com are not intended for or directed to minors or persons under the age of legal consent. Any person who provides us with personal information represents to us that they are 18 years of age or over the age of legal consent in their jurisdiction. If we become aware that a minor has attempted to or has submitted personal information, we may not accept this information and may take steps to remove such information from our records.
Your Rights
We will assist you if you choose to exercise any of your rights over your Personal Data, including:
Access to your Personal Data that we hold or process.
Correction of any Personal Data that is incorrect or out of date.
Request the deletion of logs of personal information stored with no apparent grounds and/or gathered without your consent and/or processing of which you have objected based on any guideline stipulated within our Privacy Policy.
Changes to Our Privacy Statement
We may update this policy from time to time, so please review it frequently.
Any changes to this privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page, and where appropriate, notified to you by email.
Getting in Touch with Us
If you have further questions about this policy or anything else related to this site please use our contact form.