http://www.tandridgegolfclub.com/misc/privacy
The Course
Course Guide
Gallery
Scorecard
History
Harry Colt
In the Press
The Clubhouse
The Tandridge Lunch
Gallery
Membership
Become a member
Academy
Mens' Golf
Ladies' Golf
Juniors' Golf
Visitors
Societies
Useful Information
Local Accommodation
Visitor Testimonials
Contact
Staff Details
Location & Directions
The Professional
Teaching
Contact
Members Login
Tel: 01883 712274
Send Email
Live Webcam
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Statement outlines the way in which Tandridge Golf Club ("we") gather and use information relating to you, the user of the Tandridge Golf Club website ("you").
We respect each site visitor's right to personal privacy. To that end, we collect and use the information throughout our website only as disclosed in this privacy policy.
Information Automatically Collected
When you visit a website, certain personal information about you can be collected automatically. When you browse through our site, read pages, or download information, we collect certain information to measure how many visitors come to the different parts of the site so we can make the site more useful. For every visitor, we collect and temporarily store the following information:
your computer's Internet Protocol (IP) address, a number automatically assigned to your computer when you go on the Web
the domain from which you access the Internet
the website address from which you came to our site
the date and time you arrived at our site and how long you spent there
the name and version of your computer's operating system and browser
the pages you visited
Our website may contain links to other sites, and you should be aware that if you access another site through a link we provide you are subject to the privacy policy of that site. Tandridge Golf Club are not responsible for the contents of any pages referred from its website.
Information you supply to us
We may use your personal information, such as your name and contact details, if you choose to supply such details, for the following purposes:
to perform the services that you have requested, which may involve contacting you by post, by telephone or by email, including sending you our e-newsletter;
to allow us to promote its products, events and activities;
to make parts of the website easier to use by not making you enter your personal information more than once;
for the detection of fraud and for market research purposes; and
for other reasonable purposes, always acting within the limits of the Data Protection Act, 1998
Security
We have endeavoured to take appropriate measures to prevent and minimize risks of unauthorised access to personal information. However, the Internet is not a totally secure medium and you acknowledge and agree that we shall not be responsible for any authorised use, distribution, damage or destruction of personal data.
Accuracy of Data
Tandridge Golf Club will on its own initiative, or at your request, rectify or erase any incomplete, inaccurate or out of date personal data retained in connection with the operation of this site.
Tandridge Golf Club welcomes your comments regarding this privacy statement, please contact us at: secretary@tandridgegolfclub.com.