http://www.renegadecycles.com.au/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Collection, Use and Disclosure of Personal Information
Personal information includes your personal details and history of transactions at Renegade Cycles. We collect personal information such as your name and contact details, as well as financial information (for example, payment details), so that we can most efficiently process your transactions. If you do not give us this information it may hinder us in our attempt to provide you with the goods and level of service that you require. It is our policy not to disclose personal information to any third parties without your consent. We do not retain credit card details that you provide to us beyond the processing of a transaction.
There are exceptions to this. These exceptions are firstly where we believe there are reasonable grounds that disclosure is necessary to prevent a threat to life or health. Secondly, we will provide information for law enforcement purposes where we are required to do so or where such disclosure may assist in returning a stolen bicycle. Thirdly, certain personal information can be accessed by the information technology companies and their representatives who administer our information technology including our website and email platform. We have taken steps to satisfy ourselves that their level of security is sufficient to protect your personal information from unauthorised access.
We disclose aggregate data to third parties from time-to-time. When we do so, no individual personal information is provided. Your personal information is available to all employees of Renegade Cycles as all employees have face-to-face contact with customers. We take precautions to keep your personal information confidential. This includes password protection of the database and other security precautions at our premises.
Information About Renegade Cycles' Products and Services
We also use your personal information to send you newsletters, brochures and other promotional material via the post and electronically. You may remove yourself from our mailing list at any time. In the event of any product recalls we will use your personal information to contact you in writing.
Updating your Personal Information
You are welcome to contact us to review, correct or update any personal information held about you. For privacy and security reasons we will need to verify your identify to our satisfaction before we release information to you or update your details. You can contact us by phone (9427-1055), by post (161 Burns Bay Road, Lane Cove 2066) or by email (service@renegadecycles.com.au).
Feedback and Queries
Please contact us if you have queries or concerns about our handling of your personal information.
We Make Cycling Easier
So you can enjoy your riding more.