https://www.liveabout.com/advanced-whitewater-river-feature-terms-2556001
Share
PINTEREST
Email
Print
A Kayak Flips Over on Lower Coliseum on the Cheat River Canyon.
Photo © by George E. Sayour
The Great Outdoors
Paddling
Hiking
Climbing
Skiing
Snowboarding
Surfing
Fishing
Sailing
Scuba Diving & Snorkeling
Learn More
By
George Sayour
George Sayour is an American Canoe Association–certified kayak instructor. He regularly leads workshops on paddling basics, techniques, and safety.
our editorial process
George Sayour
Updated March 18, 2017
A whitewater paddler’s knowledge of whitewater kayaking river features obviously should not stop at the basic whitewater river features terms. Within every features there are varying degrees and nuances that distinguish between even features of the same type. This is a list of those more advanced terms that are used to describe whitewater kayaking river features.
Whitewater Ripples or Riffles
Boogie Water
Eddy Line
Whirlpool
Horizon Line
Rooster tail
Tongue
Slot
Chute
Pool-drop
Pillow
Undercut or Pinning Rock
Strainer
A strainer in whitewater refers to an obstruction in the water, usually a collection of debris or tree branches, where the river is constricted while flowing through it. Strainers strain the river from things that are floating or submerged in it, including swimmers. Stay away from strainers.
Basic Whitewater Kayaking River Features
50 Best Rap Songs of 2015
What to Expect on a Whitewater River Rafting Trip
Whitewater and River Rafting Checklist
50 Essential Solo Albums by ’90s Rockers
Whitewater Rafting Death Statistics
8 Popular Whitewater Kayak Brands
What to Watch Out for While Whitewater Rafting
Best Places to Kayak on Florida's Rainbow River
A Whitewater Kayaker's Guide to Eddies, Eddy Lines, and Whirlpools
Kayaking Big Shoals on the Suwannee River
Understanding Boat Slips
Parts of a Standup Paddleboard (SUP)
Ski Tips for Advanced Skiers
What Equipment Do I Need to Start Kayaking?
Kayaking, Canoeing, and Rafting in Yosemite National Park