http://www.quobstables.com/privacy-policy
Menu
G |
H
02380 694657 |
enquiries@quobstables.com
Account
Login
Quob Stables Equestrian Centre
About Us
Riding School
Prices, Progression and Information
Events
Meet the Horses
Childrens Activities
BHS Exams & Courses
Contact Us
Meet the Team
Facilities
Testimonials
We are Hiring
We ask that you read this website privacy policy carefully as it contains important information on who we are, how and why we collect, store, use and share personal information, your rights in relation to your personal information and on how to contact us and supervisory authorities in the event you have a complaint.
This website privacy policy is divided into the following sections:
Who we are
Our website
Our collection and use of your personal information
Transfer of your information out of the EEA
Cookies and similar technologies
Marketing
Your rights
Keeping your personal information secure
How to complain
Changes to this website privacy policy
How to contact us
Do you need extra help?
Who we are
We are Quob Stables. This website is operated by WOW Design Solutions Limited trading as ‘EC Pro’ and ‘The Outstanding Website Company’.
We collect, use and are responsible for certain personal information about you. When we do so we are regulated under the General Data Protection Regulation which applies across the European Union (including in the United Kingdom) and we are responsible as ‘controller’ of that personal information for the purposes of those laws.
Our website
This privacy policy relates to your use of our website, https://www.quobstables.com only.
Throughout our website we may link to other websites owned and operated by certain trusted third parties to enable you to book and pay for horse riding sessions and other Livery and equestrian services (Services) and to make additional products and services available to you. We may also require certain information from you in the event that you make an insurance claim in respect of any of the Services we offer. These other third party websites may also gather information about you in accordance with their own separate privacy policies. For privacy information relating to these other third party websites, please consult their privacy policies as appropriate.
Our collection and use of your personal information
We collect personal information about you when you access our website, register with us, contact us, send us feedback, purchase products or services via our website, upload information to our website for insurance purposes, complete surveys or participate in competitions via our website
We collect this personal information from you either directly, such as when you register with us, contact us or purchase the Services via our website or indirectly, such as your browsing activity while on our website (see ‘Cookies’ below).
The personal information we collect about you depends on the particular activities carried out through our website. This information includes:
your name, address and contact details
date of birth
bank account and payment details
details of any feedback you give us by phone, email, post or via social media
information about the services we provide to you
your account details, such as username, login details
details required by the relevant insurer
We use this personal information to:
create and manage your account with us
verify your identity
provide our Services to you
customise our website and its content to your particular preferences
notify you of any changes to our website or to our services that may affect you
improve our services
collate, aggregate and anonymise data for market research purposes
assist you in making an insurance claim
Our legal basis for processing your personal information
When we use your personal information we are required to have a legal basis for doing so. There are various different legal bases on which we may rely, depending on what personal information we process and why.
The legal bases we may rely on include:
consent: where you have given us clear consent to process your personal information for a specific purpose
contract: where our use of your personal information is necessary for a contract we have with you, or because you have asked us to take specific steps before entering into a contract
legal obligation: where our use of your personal information is necessary to comply with the law (not including contractual obligations)
vital interests: where our use of your personal information is necessary to protect you or someone else’s life
legitimate interests: where our use of your personal information is necessary for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party (unless there is a good reason to protect your personal information which overrides our legitimate interests)
Further information—the personal information we collect, when and how we use it
For further details on when we collect personal information, what we collect as well as how we use it, please read the following sections:
When information is collected
What information we ask for
How and why we use your information
When you register with us or book one of our Services through our website.
Contact details: your name, address, telephone number and email
address.
Your child’s name, date of birth and address, weight, equestrian ability and experience and previous riding
frequency.
Details of any horses you may have.
The
preferred date and time for your session.
Your
credit or debit card details to facilitate payment through our service.
We
ask for this:
—
to create and manage your account with us
—
to communicate with you about your account
We
rely on consent as the lawful basis for collecting and using your personal
information.
If
a child is 13 or over they may be able to provide their own consent, if a
child is under this age, we will need to obtain consent from the person
holding parental responsibility for the child.
When
relying on a child’s consent, we make sure that the child understands what
they are consenting to and we do not exploit any imbalance of power in the
relationship between us.
Our legitimate interests are to provide you with an online platform to book horse-riding
sessions with your preferred Livery and the information you provide is
necessary for the performance of a contract. .
We consider the child’s competence to
understand what they are agreeing to, and to enter into a contract.
We
will keep this information until:
—
you close your account with us; or
—
we close your account
Unless
it is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are
subject.
In
the event you make an insurance claim against us in respect of an accident
you may have had while accessing our Services
Name,
address of injured party, circumstances of the incident and medical
information relevant to your claim.
We
may require further information such as photographs documenting any injuries
sustained.
The
information you provide in respect of yourself or your child is necessary for
the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
Who we share your personal information with
We only share special categories of information (i.e. data containing health information) with our insurers in the event an insurance claim is made.
This data sharing enables you to access our Services and book a session with us. We will not transfer your personal data outside the EEA.
We will share personal information with law enforcement or other authorities if required by applicable law.
We will not share your personal information with any other third party.
Whether information has to be provided by you, and if so why
We require you to provide personal data to enable us to arrange the booking and fulfil our contractual obligations with you.  We will inform you at the point of collecting information from you, whether you are required to provide the information to us.
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file which is placed onto your device (e.g. computer, smartphone or other electronic device) when you use our website. We use cookies on our website. These cookies help us recognise you and your device and store some information about your preferences or past actions.
For further information on cookies our use of cookies and or relevant similar technologies, when we will request your consent before placing them and how to disable them, please see our Cookie Policy.
Marketing
We would like to send you information about upcoming events and special offers, which may be of interest to you. Where we have your consent or it is in our legitimate interests to do so, we may do this by post or email.
You can manage whether you would like us and other businesses to send you marketing messages in your customer profile..
We may also collect your data to build a profile of our users, some of this data will be aggregated or statistical. The data will be anonymised which means that we will not be able to identify you individually.
If you have previously agreed to being contacted in this way, you can unsubscribe at any time by:
—contacting us at enquiries@quobstables.com It may take up to 7 days for this to take place.
For more information on your rights in relation to marketing, see ‘Your rights’ below.
Your rights
Under the General Data Protection Regulation you have a number of important rights free of charge. In summary, those include rights to:
fair processing of information and transparency over how we use your use personal information
access to your personal information and to certain other supplementary information that this Privacy Notice is already designed to address
require us to correct any mistakes in your information which we hold
require the erasure of personal information concerning you in certain situations
receive the personal information concerning you which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and have the right to transmit those data to a third party in certain situations
object at any time to processing of personal information concerning you for direct marketing
object to decisions being taken by automated means which produce legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affect you
object in certain other situations to our continued processing of your personal information
otherwise restrict our processing of your personal information in certain circumstances
claim compensation for damages caused by our breach of any data protection laws
For further information on each of those rights, including the circumstances in which they apply, see the Guidance from the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) on individuals rights under the General Data Protection Regulation.
If you would like to exercise any of those rights, please:
email, call or write to us, for the attention of our Data Protection Officer
let us have enough information to identify you (i.e. account number, user name, registration details); and
let us know the information to which your request relates including any account or reference numbers, if you have them
Keeping your personal information secure
We have appropriate security measures in place to prevent personal information from being accidentally lost, or used or accessed in an unauthorised way. We limit access to your personal information to those who have a genuine business need to know it. Those processing your information will do so only in an authorised manner and are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We also have procedures in place to deal with any suspected data security breach. We will notify you and any applicable regulator of a suspected data security breach where we are legally required to do so.
All our data is SSL encrypted.
If you want detailed information from Get Safe Online on how to protect your information and your computers and devices against fraud, identity theft, viruses and many other online problems, please visit www.getsafeonline.org. Get Safe Online is supported by HM Government and leading businesses.
How to complain
We hope that we can resolve any query or concern you raise about our use of your information.
The General Data Protection Regulation also gives you the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the European Union (or European Economic Area) state where you work, normally live or where any alleged infringement of data protection laws occurred. The supervisory authority in the UK is the Information Commissioner who may be contacted at https://ico.org.uk/concerns/ or telephone: 0303 123 1113.
Changes to this website privacy policy
This website privacy policy was published on 17 April 2020 and last updated on 17 April 2020.
We may change this website privacy policy from time to time, when we do we will inform you by email or via our website, please ensure that you check our website from time to time to verify such changes.
How to contact us
Please contact us, if you have any questions about this privacy notice or the information we hold about you. on either enquiries@quobstables.com or 02380 694657
02380 694657
enquiries@quobstables.com
Privacy Policy |
Cookie Policy |
Refund policy
We use cookies to improve user experience and analyse website traffic. For these reasons we may share your site usage data with third parties by clicking allow cookies you consent to store on your device all the technologies described in our cookie policy of which can be
here
Allow Cookies
I Disagree