http://www.englandsquash.com/about-us/governance/policies
Add Information
Choose which information you wish to show
Membership available
Players can purchase a membership here.
Pay and Play
Players can pay and play without requiring a membership.
Comfirm
Cancel
We have recently updated our Privacy Policy, please make sure you read about these changes.
Account
New user? Sign up:
Sign up
Think you already have an account?
Recover account
Close
Loading
Processing
Search
Connect
Play
Find people and places to play:
Search
Cancel
Close
Login
Sign up
KUKRI STORE
iPROSPORTS STORE
iPROSPORTS STORE
KUKRI STORE
Login
Sign up
Squash finder
Get involved
Play
Why play squash?
Ways to play
Where to play
Master the basics
Find a coach
Find a court
Rules
Coach
Get into coaching
About our courses
Apply for a DBS check
Safeguarding courses
Junior coaching resources
England Squash App
Course search
Referee
Why referee?
How to become a referee
Rules and regulations
Referee resources
Volunteer
Volunteer opportunities
Squash Workforce Awards
Watch
Allam British Open
Premier Squash League
News
Membership
Players
Members: benefits login
Join now
Coaches Club
Coach dashboard (log-in required)
Coaches Club
England Squash App
Clubs
Guide to managing club affiliation
Club toolkit
Manage your club (log-in required)
Club affiliation benefits (log-in required)
FAQs
What does your membership fund?
Help & support: clubs and facilities
Help & support: membership
Download England Squash Magazine
Competitions and Events
Sanctioned Competition Tenders
Junior
Major events
Sanctioned events
Schools 2020/21
Rankings
Records
Competitions Calendar
Event Search
Event Search
Senior/Masters
Major events
Records
Competitions calendar
Event Search
Event Search
Events search
Copper events
Bronze events
Silver events
Gold events
Platinum events
englandsquash.tv
Watch Junior Squash
Watch PSL Squash
Watch Sanctioned Squash
AJ Bell England Squash Challenge
FAQs
Help & support: competitions
Help & support: rankings
Help & support: Club Locker
Help & Support: Coronavirus (COVID-19)
Talent and Performance
Talent Pathway
Team England
England Academy
England Development
England Potential
Aspire
County Programmes
Performance Hubs
Selection Policy
Anti-Doping
About us
About England Squash
What we do
Strategy
Meet the team
Governance structure
Careers
History of squash
Governance
Structure in England
Rules and regulations
Safe Squash
Policies and reports
Privacy Policy
County contacts
Partners
Approved Contractors
Delivery partners
Clubs
England Squash app
Club Toolkit
Clubs and facilities FAQs
Funding advice
Squash maintenance
England Squash Foundation
Donate
Fundraise
Contact us
Support and FAQs
Coronavirus (COVID-19)
Back to Squash
Guidance for clubs, venues and coaches
Guidance for players
Local COVID alert levels
Return to play phases
Ways to play
COVID-19 FAQs
Stay in, work out
Bounce Back
Coronavirus support for clubs
Team Laura vs Team Nick
Policies and reports
AGM Minutes
AGM Minutes 2019 (PDF)AGM Minutes 2018 (PDF)AGM Minutes 2017 (PDF)AGM Minutes 2016 (PDF)AGM Minutes 2015 (PDF)AGM Minutes 2014 (PDF)AGM Minutes 2013 (PDF)AGM Minutes 2012 (PDF)AGM Minutes 2011 (PDF)AGM Minutes 2009 (PDF)AGM Minutes 2008 (PDF)AGM Minutes 2007 (PDF)
Annual Reports
Annual Report 2019-2020Annual Report 2018-2019Annual Report 2017-2018Annual Report 2016-2017Annual Report 2015-2016Annual Report 2014-2015Annual Report 2013-2014
Articles of Association
Articles of Association
Board Meeting Minutes
29 September 20202 June 202011 March 202012 December 201910 September 201913 June 201914 March 201914 December 201813 September 201813 June 20181 March 201815 December 201725 September 201723 May 201710 February 2017
Complaints Procedure
England Squash operates one code of conduct that outlines the standards of conduct expected, at all times, from all individuals in any role within squash. England Squash is responsible for setting the standards and values that apply at every level. This code encapsulates all of the sporting, moral and ethical principles that squash represents. We believe squash is a sport for all, that anyone can enjoy however they choose to participate and take any allegation of a breach of the England Squash Code of Conduct very seriously. We encourage all members, coaches, spectators, parents, guardians, family
members or fans to cheer positively, let the players
play, and allow referees, event officials and staff to perform their duties without
interference. If you believe you have witnessed a breach in the code of conduct please email complaints@englandsquash.com to formally register a compliant.
Any breach of the England Squash Code of Conduct will be
dealt with under England Squash disciplinary regulations. The Disciplinary Regulations Flowchart helps to show the process by which we administer complaints.
Council Meeting Minutes
25 June 202016 November 201923 May 201917 November 201817 May 201811 November 201724 May 2017
Data Protection Guidance
Comprehensive guidance on data protection for clubs and county associations, including a downloadable guide (PDF). This page includes details and copies of the data processing/sharing conditions which counties and clubs must agree to in order to process data.You can also access our Privacy Policy, which governs the terms and uses of the user/member data we hold and details of how this is shared.
Diversity
View England Squash's Diversity Policy (PDF)
Environment & Sustainability
England Squash acknowledge there is a climate emergency and are committed to reducing our impact on the environment by changing how we work and encouraging others to consider what they can do too. As part of this commitment England Squash have chosen to offset our carbon emissions, making us the first carbon neutral Sports Governing Body in England. While we are extremely proud of this, we are seeking to do more and will take the following steps to reduce our carbon footprint and use of single use plastics in the future.
Conduct an annual independent
assessment of our CO2 footprint Aim
to reduce our CO2 footprint by 10% over the next year We
will seek to reduce car travel by using public transport where possible and
increasing our use of virtual technologies such as video conferencing We
will reduce waste and single use plastics at England Squash meetings,
events and competitions For
the 2020-21 season we will be encouraging tournament and event organisers
to tell us what steps they are taking to reduce the environmental impact
of their event We
will share what we’re doing with partners and encourage them to do what
they can too We
will share information with clubs on how they can reduce their impact on
the environment e.g. through LED
lighting, ground source heat pumps,
improving insulation, etc
We
are working with the PSA Foundation to support their Rebound initiative
which collects and distributes old usable squash gear to help grassroots
programmes across the worldRead our Environmental Statement We would like to encourage clubs and other organisations that we work with to consider what changes they could make to reduce their environmental impact too. Some of the ideas clubs could consider include:
Switching
to LED court lightingInstalling
motion sensor light switches or linking lighting to court booking systems.
Motion sensor switches can also be installed throughout the building e.g.
changing rooms Improving
insulation Changing
to an environmentally friendly energy provider Changing
to environmentally friendly methods of heating and electricity such as
ground source heat pumps or solar panels Improving
recycling processes at the club (e.g. through local authority recycling
initiatives and organisations such as Terracycle)
Encouraging members to use public transport or cycling to
your facility Sourcing
food and beverages from local suppliers
Over the coming period we will share what we’re doing with the hope of informing and inspiring the sport to become more environmentally sustainable. We’d love to hear your ideas and stories about what you’re doing to.
Equality Policy
Equality Policy (PDF)
Financial Statements
Director's Report and Financial Statements:Year ended 31 May 2016Period ended 31 March 2017Year ended 31 March 2018
Governing Body Endorsement Requirements 2020/21
Download now (PDF)
Privacy Policy
View the England Squash Privacy Policy, which governs the terms and uses of the user/member data we hold and details of how this is shared.The Terms of Use for englandsquash.com are also available to view.
Terms and Conditions of Membership and Affiliation
View the Terms and Conditions of Membership (for individual members) and Terms and Conditions of Affiliation (for clubs)
Transgender Guidance
View our guidance on Transgender participation in squash. This document has been created from the UK Sport guidance documentation on transsexual people and competitive sport.
Back
Share:
Get in touch
Give us a call, send us a tweet or drop us an email.
Contact us
Follow
Funding Partner
Official Partners
Approved Contractors
Approved Products