http://www.missionelcamino.com/privacy_policy.pdf
skip navigation
Capital Valley Futbol Club
Competitive Tryouts
All Tryouts Postponed until June
CVFC Recreational Fall Registration
Fall Soccer Registration
CVFC Competitive Soccer Registration
Please click on the link below to complete your 2020-21 Soccer Season Registration in full.
Your deposit has been credited to the 2020-21 registration fee already and for those who have not made their deposit, you will be invoiced for the difference in cost.
2020-21 NorCal Player Registration
FALL REGISTRATION IS OPEN
Dear Parents and Coaches of Capital Valley Futbol Club players,
Cancellations are currently dominating our landscape. As we look around it is difficult to find anything that hasn’t been negatively influenced by the Covid-19 situation, most things dramatically so. None of this is news to any of you. Reports from pending fall sports programs have been coming in for a while now, everything from elementary to collegiate level sports offerings are falling victim to Covid-19 precautions. Within our soccer community we’ve recently heard that both Fair Oaks Soccer Club and Roseville Soccer Club have cancelled their recreational soccer programs for the fall of 2020.
Honestly, it would be easy to follow suit, nobody is claiming that we are anything like essential! We’ve been fed a steady diet of all the things we can’t do. We’ve kept our eye on the fluctuating list of prohibited activities and the other on the things we can do, so rather than closing up shop, we’ve decided to take the field. Capital Valley Futbol Club (CVFC) has decided to offer a 10 week team training camp for this fall. We are envisioning:
Forming teams
Coaches running training two times each week
The new Director of Coaching for the club will partner with our coaches to improve the coaching aptitude of our recreation soccer coaches
Each player will need a COVID release of liability form signed by their legal guardian to participate in any of our programs
There will be no games scheduled at this time
We have been working very closely with our local parks and recreation districts and county health officers to develop a program that we believe will be safe for players to be on the field, touching a soccer ball.  This program will require our coaches and players to follow some strict policies and procedures.  For now, practices will consist of individual skills drills that will help each player with their individual foot skills and conditioning.  As our county health officers allow for additional types of play we will adjust our training program to follow the direction our local health officers will allow.
The cost of this program will be $125 per player.  Some have pointed out that with no games the cost could be reduced, as we do not have to pay referees.  However, there are added expenses this year for personal protective equipment (PPE) that we will be required to have available to coaches, and possibly players.  Also, there are fixed costs that will need to be covered with or without games.  As we are anticipating far fewer players this year, we will need to keep the costs at $125 to hopefully cover our fixed costs with fewer players expected.  We fully understand that many will not feel that the training only experience is worth paying the full $125 registration fee, and we understand that we will lose some players due to this decision.  Please know that we are doing EVERYTHING we can think of to safely provide a recreational soccer option of some kind at the lowest cost possible.
CALL TO ACTION:
It is now time for each family to make a decision:
If you have already registered for the fall season with CVFC, and plan to participate in this training camp you are all set.  We will be in touch soon with more information.
If you intend to participate but have not registered please do so immediately.  We need to form teams ASAP to be able to begin our training camp on September first.
If you have registered, but no longer wish to participate please request a refund, via email to our registrar, immediately (registrar@capvalleyfc.com).  We will grant full refunds for any refund requests through 7/31/2020, but we hope all wanting refunds will let us know immediately.
If you have not registered, and choose to not participate this Fall, no worries.  We wish you all a safe and enjoyable fall and hope that we see you next year.
Thank you all for your participation in our soccer programs.  Hoping to see you on the field soon.
Thanks,
CVFC Board
RECREATIONAL PLAYER REGISTRATION IS OPEN NOW!
Start by clicking Login or Register (to create an account) above and then Register Now below.
Regular Registration - $125
U6 and U8 Registration - $100
There is a multiple child discount, but you should add all to the Cart before checkout.  It will be applied automatically.
Coaches can sign up at the same time players are registered.  Or you can use the volunteer sign up page.
Thank you from Capital Valley Futbol Club!
Leave a message: 916-678-0341
Email: info@capvalleyfc.com
CVFC Competitive Training Tryout Schedule
Eastern Oak Park
3127 Eastern Ave
Sacramento, CA 95821
CVFC Tryout Schedule for Friday, July 17th and Saturday, July 18th
Friday - July 17th
Boys
Time
Year of Birth Range
4:00 pm to 4:45 pm
2002 thru 2005
2013 thru 2014
5:00 pm to 5:45 pm
2008 thru 2012
7:00 pm to 7:45 pm
2006
Girls
Time
Year of Birth Range
5:00 pm to 5:45 pm
2011 thru 2012
6:00 pm to 6:45 pm
2008 thru 2010
7:00 pm to 7:45 pm
2006 thru 2007
Saturday - July 18th
Boys
Time
Year of Birth Range
9:00 am to 9:45 am
2008 thru 2012
11:00 am to 11:45 am
2006
12:00 pm to 12:45 pm
2002 thru 2005
2013 thru 2014
Girls
Time
Year of Birth Range
9:00 am to 9:45 am
2011 thru 2012
10:00 am to 10:45 am
2008 thru 2010
11:00 am to 11:45 am
2006 thru 2007
2002 thru 2005 girls - Coach will contact you for additional times
in this age bracket
CVFC Town Hall Presentation - June 2020
A New Beginning for Capital Valley Soccer with Capital Valley Futbol Club
Hello Soccer Parents!
Thank you for another successful season of soccer! We are proud to inform you about some exciting changes coming to our clubs next year. Starting in 2020, five clubs in our area will partner up to create the Capital Valley Futbol Club (CVFC). The clubs that are forming this new partnership include: Capital Valley United, Carmichael Soccer Club, Citrus Heights Soccer Club, La Sierra Soccer Club, and Mission El Camino Soccer Club. This partnership will strengthen the soccer experience for our players and coaches at all levels of play! Here’s what to expect from this new partnership:
Things that won’t change:
Teams will be formed the same way. You can stay with the team you are on now. Recreational teams are formed based on location, school, request, etc.
Coaches will be the same
Practice and game field locations will all be in the same geographical area
Recreational fees will be competitive with what they are now
Competitive fees are being reviewed and may change to ensure we can provide first-class programming
Things that will change:
We will have a new name: Capital Valley Futbol Club
Our new logo is shown above
New uniforms and club colors: we will move to an awesome new uniform package that you will love!
Increased coach education to make our coaches even better
Increased opportunities for player development to get the best of each player
Improved customer care
More opportunities to play throughout the year
Better connection between our recreational and competitive programs, giving our players more options to find the best fit for their interest and skill level
The intent is for the new club to form in January, 2020. Registration for the Fall recreational season will start in the Spring. Tryouts for our competitive teams will be in May and June. Practices and games for recreational teams will start at the usual time of year.
CVFC Mission and Vision
Mission (the core of what we offer and who we serve):
We serve all youth in our community by providing the best possible soccer experience with diverse opportunities that give all our children a chance to play and grow from where they are to where they want to be.
Vision (aspirational: what we want to be in the future):
To be the premier soccer organization in our community where all youth can find a place to play: from entry level to the most advanced levels of play. To have players and their families enjoy a safe, fun and affordable experience while falling in love with the game!
What are our values?
Putting fun first- inspiring a passion for the game guarantees players will want more
Making coach education our highest priority investment- better coaches=more fun= better players
Providing options and pathways (levels, timing, type of Soccer) for every player, coach, and referee
Low cost- everyone can play- find sponsors to help bring down cost/offer financial assistance to families in need
Organized administration of our soccer program to ensure easy and efficient participation
Being an engaged and proud member of our community
Excellence in communications
LIKE US!
Be a part of the movement and join us on social media