http://www.prairiemeadows.com/privacy-policy
Warning! Your browser is extremely outdated and not web standards compliant.Your browsing experience would greatly improve by upgrading to a modern browser.
Prairie Meadows is dedicated to ensuring safety to all of our guests and employees.
Every 15 minutes, 100% of the air inside the building is exchanged for fresh air.
Our property is cleaned and disinfected daily and throughout each shift.
Face masks are required while on property. We have installed a face mask vending machine for guests that may have forgotten theirs.
We are temporarily suspending all forms of smoking on property through December 15, 2020.
SAFETY GUIDELINES
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
I. APPLICATION OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy applies to all web sites owned or operated by Prairie Meadows Racetrack and Casino, Inc. (hereinafter “Prairie Meadows”). This Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected by Prairie Meadows by means other than through the Prairie Meadows web site. Certain transactions and services offered while visiting Prairie Meadows’ web site may be processed or provided by strategic partners under contract with Prairie Meadows, even though it appears that you may not have left the Prairie Meadows’ web site. The strategic partners that process transactions or provide services through Prairie Meadows’ web site include, but are not limited to: (1) Kronos; (2) Equibase; (3) Midwestix (4) Open Table, (5) Grant Request, (6) William Hill, (7) TravelClick, and (8) MyBet Mobile (Operated by United Tote Company).
II. INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
GENERAL INFORMATION
When you use the Internet, your web browser or client software may transmit certain information to the servers that host the web sites you visit. The information may include the unique number assigned to your server or Internet connection, the capabilities and features of your computer, your geographic location, and your movement within and interaction with the web site, including what pages you look at and what information you download. When you visit the Prairie Meadows’ web site, Prairie Meadows servers collect such information. Prairie Meadows uses this information to generate aggregate statistics about visitors to its web site.
PERSONALLY IDENTIFYING INFORMATION
Prairie Meadows will only collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us or voluntarily provide to Strategic Partners who share that information with us. “Personal Information” is information through which you can be identified. The Personal Information that Prairie Meadows collects through the Prairie Meadows’ web site or obtains from its Strategic Partners depends on the nature of your online activity, such as whether you purchase show tickets, complete a casino patron application, or apply for a position online. Personal Information that Prairie Meadows may collect from you directly or through Strategic Partners, includes your name, address, e-mail address, telephone number(s), fax number, birth date, gender, social security number, credit card information, purchase information, gaming activity, and other information that you voluntarily provide. The Personal Information is collected through online forms and through your activities on the Prairie Meadows’ web site. Prairie Meadows’ web site uses cookie technology. A cookie is a small file that contains information sent by a web site that is saved on your hard disk by your computer’s browser. Cookies store information that a web site may need to personalize your experience and to gather web site statistical data, such as which pages you visit, what material you download, your internet provider’s domain name and country, and the addresses of web sites you visited immediately before, and after, visiting a particular web site. Prairie Meadows’ web site uses cookies to collect and store your preferences for viewing the Prairie Meadows’ web site, such as whether you disable Flash so that you will not have to do so again on follow up visits. In addition, Prairie Meadows’ web site uses cookies to provide a unique identifier to your computer so that we can generate statistics regarding the usage of the Prairie Meadows’ web site, such as percentage of repeat visitors and other general statistics. The unique identifiers are not matched with any Personal Information. Moreover, cookies used by Prairie Meadows’ web site do not store any Personal Information about you.
To browse the Internet and Prairie Meadows’ web site without cookies, you can configure your browser to reject all cookies or to notify you when each cookie is offered so that you can accept or reject each cookie. You may not be able to conduct some transactions or use some services on Prairie Meadows’ web site if you disable your browser from accepting cookies. Prairie Meadows reserves the right to not assist customers with this process.
III. HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Prairie Meadows may use the information collected by us or Strategic Partners: (1) for marketing purposes, including, but not limited to, notifying you of special promotions, offers, and events; (2) to process and fulfill purchases and make a record of purchases; (3) to enable us to contact you for confirmation or customer service after you sign up for or participate in certain activities; (4) to respond to inquiries, complaints and other communications; (5) to cross-reference with other Personal Information that we have acquired about you or may acquire about you through other sources; (6) for profiling or demographic purposes.
IV. DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Except as provided below, Prairie Meadows will not sell, trade, or disclose to third parties any Personal Information obtained through Prairie Meadows’ web site or obtained from Strategic Partners without your consent. Prairie Meadows may disclose Personal Information: (1) to the extent that disclosure is required by law or necessary to comply with any properly executed court order or subpoena, search warrant or otherwise is legally mandated; (2) to comply with legal, regulatory or administrative requirements of any governmental authorities; (3) to protect and defend Prairie Meadows and all of its officers, directors, employees, attorneys, agents, contractors, and partners, in connection with any legal action, claim or dispute; (4) to enforce the terms of use of Prairie Meadows’ web site; (5) to prevent imminent physical harm; (6) to businesses that Prairie Meadows may use for purposes of performing functions on behalf of Prairie Meadows, such as companies that process credit card transactions and applications.
V. CHOICE REGARDING PROVIDING INFORMATION
General information is collected whenever you browse Prairie Meadows’ web site. The Prairie Meadows’ web site does not provide any means for opting out of providing general information when you browse Prairie Meadows’ web site. However, privacy software that prevents the disclosure of general information is commercially available. You can browse Prairie Meadows’ web site without providing any Personal Information. However, providing Personal Information is required to use some of the services offered through the Prairie Meadows’ web site, including, but not limited to making purchases and playing games or participating in sweepstakes. You can opt out of receiving certain communications and offers. Opt out options will be indicated when they are available.
VI. ACCESS
The general or Personal Information collected through Prairie Meadows’ web site or provided by Strategic Partners is not currently accessible to you, except that confirmation is provided for some transactions and services, such as purchases. If you believe that any information collected by Prairie Meadows is not correct or has changed, please send an e-mail message to webcontactus@prairiemeadows.com explaining the correction or change and provide any relevant confirmation or reference number.
VII. SECURITY
General information and Personal Information collected by Prairie Meadows web site is stored on secure servers. The secure servers are protected by firewalls and other standard security procedures.
VIII. AGE RESTRICTIONS AND THE CHILDREN’S ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT
Pursuant to law, persons under the age of twenty-one (21) are not permitted to gamble in casinos and are not permitted to loiter in the gaming areas of Prairie Meadows. Similarly, Prairie Meadows’ web site is a general audience site intended for persons 21 years of age or older. Accordingly, the provisions of the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act do not apply to Prairie Meadows’ web site.
IX. CHANGES
This Privacy Policy was posted on December 23, 2019. Prairie Meadows reserves the right to change, modify or amend this Privacy Policy at any time. When the Privacy Policy is changed, modified and/or amended, the revised Privacy Policy will be posted on Prairie Meadows’ web site. Any revised Privacy Policy will only apply prospectively to Personal Information collected or modified after the effective date of the revised policy. Customers are responsible for periodically checking the Privacy Policy posted on Prairie Meadows’ web site for changes. If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at webcontactus@prairiemeadows.com.