https://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/football/article-8774061/EFL-chief-Parry-admits-fears-League-One-Two-curtailed-warns-financial-help-urgent.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ito=1490&ns_campaign=1490
Home
U.K.
News
Sports
U.S. Showbiz
Australia
Femail
Health
Science
Money
Video
Travel
Shop
DailyMailTV
Soccer
Premier League
Champions League
Transfer News
Boxing
Golf
MMA
F1
Tennis
NFL
NBA
More
My Profile
Logout
Login
Privacy Policy
Feedback
Thursday, Dec 10th 2020
12AM
60°F
3AM
61°F
5-Day Forecast
Advertisement
show ad
Nicking Carlos Tevez, turning Wayne Rooney's head and ruffling Sir Alex Ferguson's feathers... how 'noisy neighbours' City shifted the power and turned Manchester from red to blue ahead of Saturday's crucial derby clash against bitter rivals United
Defiant Tottenham boss Jose Mourinho dismisses talk of rift with Harry Winks and insists he told midfielder to go and get changed after subbing him off... while also revealing he had no problem with Dele Alli also disappearing straight down tunnel
'If I'm Gareth Bale, I'm disappointed I'm coming off': BT Sport pundits debate whether Jose Mourinho was right to sub Welshman in Europa League as Glenn Hoddle insists he looked 'fragile'... but Owen Hargreaves believes he 'can still be a Ferrari'
Owen Hargreaves insists Arsenal have a 'genuine chance' of winning the Europa League as pundit heaps praise on Gunners youngsters... while Martin Keown compares starlet Folarin Balogun to Ian Wright and Andy Cole
Back to school! UEFA weigh up alterations to referee education after players walked off in Paris amid race storm involving Romanian fourth official in PSG's clash with Istanbul Basaksehir
PSG want Dele! Ligue 1 giants set to make loan move for Tottenham star Alli in January with Jose Mourinho willing to let out-of-favour midfielder depart to play alongside Neymar and Kylian Mbappe in French capital
'I never look beyond Manchester United': Marcus Rashford insists he wants to stay at Old Trafford for rest of his CAREER as the boyhood Red Devils forward says it 'wouldn't sit right' to play for a rival
Christmas is cancelled! Premier League clubs advise stars to scrap festive parties with team-mates to keep them off the naughty list amid concerns they could break Covid restrictions and cause a PR disaster
Model DEFENDS Haas F1 driver Nikita Mazepin and says he 'was not serious' when he groped her breasts in video that provoked angry backlash online and has sparked petition for son of billionaire to be stripped of his spot on 2021 grid
'You've got to stay switched on. The body can get soft easy': Anthony Joshua raises eyebrows by insisting on sparring just two days out from Saturday's world title clash with Kubrat Pulev
Jose Mourinho's high-flying Tottenham cruise through to Europa League knockout stages as group winners after Carlos Vinicius and Giovani Lo Celso put Antwerp to the sword in north London
Arsenal brush aside Irish minnows Dundalk as Eddie Nketiah, Mohamed Elneny, Joe Willock and Folarin Balogun net to help Mikel Arteta's side to 100% win record in Europa League group
Cengiz Under opens Leicester account with spectacular volley against AEK Athens before Harvey Barnes' deflected strike seals top spot for hosts in final Europa League group match
Celtic stars ease the pressure on beleaguered boss Neil Lennon as they finally produce a Europa League win to deny Lille top spot... but it's too little too late for Scottish giants to qualify
Rangers top Europa League group ahead of Benfica after easing to win against Lech Poznan thanks to goals from Cedric Itten and Ianis Hagi as Steven Gerrard's side progress without tasting defeat
Mourinho labelled Wenger a 'voyeur' and a 'specialist in failure', called Pep's greatest triumph a 'scandal' and Shaw brainless. After his dig at Man United and Solskjaer, here are the Special One's 10 greatest put-downs... and even Messi isn't safe!
Pep Guardiola to demand improved concentration from his Manchester City side ahead of United derby after a string of costly defensive errors in recent key games
'He knows that we want to retain him': Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta reiterates desire to keep hold of Folarin Balogun after teenager's goalscoring cameo against Dundalk
Frank Lampard believes iconic players who boss their former teams like Manchester United's Ole Gunnar Solskjaer are treated differently to their peers as the Chelsea boss reflects on the 'casual' criticism flung his way
Law firm suing World Rugby for dementia-related negligence now has 40 ex-footballers ready to bring their own claim as FA is braced for mass legal action next year
'I'm the last Busby babe... when I signed for City, the fans booed me in the warm up!': Sammy McIlroy talks crossing the Manchester divide, walking off a team flight at United and how he cheated death while on his way to get fish and chips
Olympic chiefs set to resist pressure by maintaining ban on competitors 'taking the knee' despite USA announcing they would NOT sanction their athletes from doing so
The FA borrow £175m from the Bank of England to help ease pressure on finances during the coronavirus pandemic with the governing body bracing for losses of £300m
Barcelona star Antoine Griezmann cuts ties with Huawei after telecommunications giant 'tested AI software that could send "Uighur alarms" to the Chinese government'
Previous
Next
'We will not throw in the towel... We must remain relevant': In a wide-ranging interview, EFL chief Rick Parry admits fears League One and Two will be curtailed, warns financial help is urgent and reveals Covid testing will increase next weekThe EFL have enormous challenges to overcome over the next few months Rick Parry admitted many clubs will struggle with fans not set to return soon£250m needs to be raised to stop the 72 EFL clubs from going out of businessBy Dominic King for the Daily Mail
Published:
17:31 EST, 25 September 2020
|
Updated:
10:12 EST, 26 September 2020
e-mail
15 shares
5 View
comments
Rick Parry has laid bare the enormous challenges the EFL must overcome in order for the 72 clubs to survive the pandemic and remain relevant.The EFL chairman reflected on what has been a draining and difficult week in which issues ranged from the Government preventing fans attending stadiums until March to 17 Leyton Orient players testing positive for Covid-19 before their Carabao Cup tie with Tottenham. In a wide-ranging interview, Parry:Called for calm to ensure the campaign can be concluded.Explained how the EFL will step up coronavirus testing and vowed all clubs will be tested before the Carabao Cup fourth round fixtures. Insisted there are ‘other irons in the fire’ rather than just needing Premier League bailouts to raise the £250million that will stop clubs going out of business.
Rick Parry has laid bare the enormous challenges the EFL must overcome to save its 72 clubsParry, who was at the LNER Stadium in Lincoln on Thursday to watch the League One side face Liverpool, stressed the turn of events on Wednesday around the return of crowds was not a signal to panic but accepted the parlous position many clubs are now in.‘We need to remain calm,’ said Parry. ‘It’s really important that we actually preserve this season and we really make every effort to make sure League One and League Two get completed.
RELATED ARTICLES
Previous 1 Next
'There was no temptation whatsoever': Newcastle boss Steve...
Fulham launch late bid to hijack Crystal Palace's move for...
'A white player would NEVER be described this way': PFA...
Tottenham are handed a bye into the Carabao Cup fourth round...
Share this article
Share
15 shares
‘They have got to remain relevant. They have got to remain in people’s minds.‘Any talk of giving up or throwing in the towel is not in my vocabulary at all. The first objective is to get the season finished, get it away and face the challenges. I don’t see that (the season not being able to be concluded) at the moment but that is not to minimise the challenge.‘A lot of our clubs have been responsible. They have been more measured in terms of their cost base. I really do believe we can get through with the clubs intact and get the season finished. Having said that, the virus will make the big decisions. Who knows how bad it will get?’Testing is key to creating a safe environment for fixtures to be fulfilled but a huge issue for clubs is the cost involved at a time when they are haemorrhaging money, a point put forward by Joey Barton, Fleetwood’s manager, earlier this week.
Joey Barton made the point that more testing is difficult when clubs are hemorrhaging money
Premier League club Liverpool paid for Carabao Cup opponents Lincoln to be testedSome Premier League clubs, such as Liverpool, paid for EFL opponents to have tests before the Carabao Cup third round but there will be universal testing ahead of the eight fixtures next week and a more stringent approach going forward.‘Safety absolutely comes first and foremost,’ said Parry. ‘We obviously had a major problem at Leyton Orient. I don’t think we needed a wake-up call but it has given us one. A lot of the clubs have been working really hard. A lot of them have done things really well.‘We were following the medical guidance and there were so few positive tests last season in the Championship that the advice was you don’t need to be testing all the time if you are following the protocols. If you are monitoring symptoms, then testing all the time isn’t essential.‘We are now reviewing, particularly now that the infection rate is rising. There is no room for any complacency. We will do some increased testing. Maybe it will be random, maybe it will be periodic. But, again, the real message is everyone has to stick to the protocols and observe them.‘If you don’t then things can go quickly wrong. The infection rates being what they are… football is a bubble but you have got to think of the nation and it is worrying for everyone for health and safety and that is of paramount importance. We can’t put pressure on the NHS again.’
Parry admitted the 17 positive cases at Leyton Orient this week gave the EFL a wake-up callThe Government’s decision to stop crowds gathering is aimed at doing just that — stopping the NHS from becoming over- burdened — but Parry is flummoxed as to why, when people can gather indoors in pubs and restaurants, they have been stopped from attending safe events in the outdoors.‘It doesn’t seem entirely logical to me but, then again, what do I know?’ he said, his vexation clear. ‘We thought we could have the fans in the stadium, safely, being entertained and doing the right things. We thought we could set an example to the nation but we have lost that argument.‘That looks like March and it is going to be a long winter. We do need rescue packages. We have said it pretty consistently. We need them soon. That has to be resolved. But we are confident it will be.’What cannot be escaped, however, is the fact that the longer stadiums remain empty and the longer revenue streams are hit, many clubs will be in danger —Gillingham chairman Paul Scally, for one, is concerned his club may not reach Christmas.
With no fans set to return until the new year, Paul Scully fears his club Gillingham won't surviveMany Premier League managers, including Jurgen Klopp and Carlo Ancelotti, expressed a willingness to help those who are in peril, but discussions with the Premier League itself remain ongoing and Parry is exploring other options to raise the funds required.‘I’m not going to criticise the Premier League,’ Parry stressed. ‘We’re in constant dialogue with them and remain calm and confident we’ll get a solution but we are looking at alternatives. We’re not only talking to the Premier League, we have a number of different irons in the fire.‘We will have something, we absolutely will have something. We’ll be looking at Government measures, we’ll be looking at what the Chancellor has announced and the Government, after closing the stadiums, have said they recognise football will be struggling and they have to help.‘Equally, the Government have said there is enough money in football — and we get that. But it’s not a single responsibility, this is a situation where we do all need to be working together. We should all be collaborating because we’ve all got a problem.
Jurgen Klopp is one of several Premier League bosses who wish to help those clubs in peril‘There isn’t a cut-off point (to find a solution). You announce a cut-off and you put yourself under pressure. Of course it’s urgent to get it right, of course we need a solution but if you look at individual clubs they go right across the spectrum.‘Some are going to be struggling by the end of October, a lot will get through to March because they’ve planned prudently.‘What the clubs need — in these highly uncertain times — is a bit of certainty and something to cling on to.‘And hope, frankly. Light at the end of the tunnel to aim for. It’s urgent to get it right.’
RELATED ARTICLES
Previous 1 Next
'There was no temptation whatsoever': Newcastle boss Steve...
Fulham launch late bid to hijack Crystal Palace's move for...
'A white player would NEVER be described this way': PFA...
Tottenham are handed a bye into the Carabao Cup fourth round...
Share this article
Share
15 shares
Advertisement
Share or comment on this article:
EFL chief Parry admits fears League One and Two will be curtailed and warns financial help is urgent
e-mail
15
shares
More top stories
Bing
Site
Web
Enter search term:
Search
Like
DailyMail
Follow
DailyMail
Follow
@dailymail
Follow
DailyMail
Follow
MailOnline
Follow
Daily Mail
Get the Football RSS feed
RSS
My Yahoo!
Feedly
More RSS feeds...
Stars of sport
Raul Jimenez looks in great spirits as he visits his Wolves team-mates at their training ground for the first time since his horrific clash of heads with David Luiz
Tottenham boss Jose Mourinho dismisses talk of issue with Harry Winks after furious reaction to coming off
Winks went down the tunnel after being subbed
William Saliba jokes with Alexandre Lacazette whether he should be considered an Arsenal player in social media game
Sent out on loan
Model DEFENDS Haas F1 driver Nikita Mazepin and says he 'was not serious' when he groped her breasts in video that provoked angry backlash online
'I'm the last Busby babe... when I signed for City, fans booed me in the warm up!': Sammy McIlroy on crossing the Manchester divide
FixturesTodayLeeds20:00 - West HamSaturday 12 DecemberWolverhampton12:30 - Aston VillaNewcastle15:00 - West BromwichMan Utd17:30 - Man CityEverton20:00 - ChelseaSunday 13 DecemberSouthampton12:00 - Sheff UtdCrystal Palace14:15 - TottenhamFulham16:30 - LiverpoolArsenal19:15 - BurnleyLeicester19:15 - BrightonView fixturesTablesPremier LeaguePosPosTeamPTS1Tottenham HotspurTottenham242LiverpoolLiverpool243ChelseaChelsea224Leicester CityLeicester215SouthamptonSouthampton206Manchester UnitedMan Utd197Manchester CityMan City188West Ham UnitedWest Ham179EvertonEverton1710Wolverhampton WanderersWolverhampton1711Crystal PalaceCrystal Palace1612Aston VillaAston Villa1513Newcastle UnitedNewcastle1414Leeds UnitedLeeds1415ArsenalArsenal1316Brighton & Hove AlbionBrighton1017FulhamFulham718BurnleyBurnley619West Bromwich AlbionWest Bromwich620Sheffield UnitedSheff Utd1View all tables
TOP SPORT STORIES
PSG in for Dele! French giants to make another loan move for Spurs star Alli in January with Jose Mourinho willing to let midfielder depart
Tottenham boss Jose Mourinho dismisses talk of issue with Harry Winks and Dele Alli after they briefly disappeared down the tunnel in Royal Antwerp win
Owen Hargreaves insists Arsenal have a 'genuine chance' of winning Europa League as pundit heaps praise on Gunners youngsters
Easy win in Ireland
Back to school! UEFA weigh up alterations to referee education after players walked off amid race storm
in PSG's clash with Basaksehir
Marcus Rashford insists he wants to stay at Manchester United for the rest of his career as boyhood fan says it 'wouldn't sit right' with him to play for a rival
Premier League clubs advise stars to cancel Christmas parties with team-mates to keep them off the naughty list amid Covid-19 concerns
Jose Mourinho's high-flying Tottenham cruise into Europa League knockout stages as group winners after beating Antwerp
Comfortable night
Arsenal brush aside Dundalk as Eddie Nketiah, Mohamed Elneny, Joe Willock and Folarin Balogun net to help Mikel Arteta's side to 100% win record
Lewis Hamilton set for dramatic return to F1 on final day of 2020 season after coronavirus battle
Seven-time world champion tests negative and arrives in Abu Dhabi
REVEALED: British athletes fear taking the Covid-19 vaccine could make them FAIL drugs test and be banned from the Tokyo Games
UKAD seeking an answer
Model DEFENDS Haas F1 driver Nikita Mazepin and says he 'was not serious' when he groped her breasts in video that provoked angry backlash online
Advertisement
more stars of sport
Cristiano Ronaldo's sister labels him 'best ever' as she aims dig at  Lionel Messi by posting image of Barcelona star worshipping Argentine
Low blow
Istanbul Baskaksehir's bench 'called the Romanian fourth official at the centre of their Champions League walk-off a "gypsy"', new footage reveals
Romain Grosjean says he's '50% back' as he shows how well his burnt right hand has healed 11 days on from his 140mph horror crash in Belgium
'Think before you ask!': Fuming Antonio Conte IGNORES questions from ex-England boss Fabio Capello on Italian TV, demanding 'respect'
Bale appears to mock Karius' 2018 Champions League final mare by shouting German's name as Son drops ball
Bale scored twice past Karius in that match
Billy the Kid! Koumetio becomes Liverpool's youngest Champions League player
Came on at half-time in the Champions League draw at Midtjylland
Fury confirms he will NOT attend Joshua's heavyweight clash with  Pulev this weekend
Gypsy King is expected to face his British heavyweight rival in 2021
Ferdinand tips Bayern to retain their Champions League crown with Liverpool
second favourites
And he jokes he hasn't slept since United's exit
Salah overtakes Gerrard to become Liverpool's all-time record Champions League goalscorer
Netted in the first minute against Midtjylland
Haas condemn Russian driver Nikita Mazepin after he posted 'abhorrent' video of himself appearing to grope a woman
On his Instagram
'Ole hasn't turned up for two years now!': Solskjaer's post-match interview TORN APART by angry United fans
Bizarrely hailed team's character despite exit
Liverpool legend Jamie Carragher revels in Peter Schmeichel's despair as the ex-Man United No 1 is caught slumping in his seat
Crestfallen
Cristiano Ronaldo's 'unreal work rate' and 'GOAT status' praised by fans after robbing Lionel Messi of possession in the area
Nou Camp showdown
Europe's media demands 'stop the racism', while Turkish papers lament the 'disgrace in the Champions League'
'Had enough'
PSG and Istanbul Basaksehir players WALK OFF in Champions League clash amid allegations of racism
Now played Wednesday
'De Gea BOTTLES it. He's scared': Scholes slams 'CRIMINAL' goalkeeping which led to RB Leipzig's winner
United were dumped out the Champions League
Griezmann slams Barcelona's 'ugly' display in humiliating Champions League defeat by Juventus
PETE JENSON: More Nou Camp humiliation
'Why do Sky pay him so much to talk rubbish?' Kia Joorabchian SLAMS Jamie Carragher
Agent hit back at Monday Night Football remarks
Paul Scholes says 'Paul Pogba is the problem' after Mino Raiola remarks comments - but Rio Ferdinand disagrees
He points to Woodward
Look who's back! Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain hands Liverpool timely fitness boost by returning to full training after injuring his knee during pre-season
How's tatt? Napoli forward Lorenzo Insigne gets tattoo of club legend Diego Maradona on his leg in lasting tribute to late Argentine
Touching gesture
Mario Balotelli ends FIVE-MONTH exile as a free agent to sign for second-tier side AC Monza until the end of the season
Eyes Serie A promotion
Anthony Joshua warns Kubrat Pulev that he is not the 'little puppy' from three years ago when their 2017 fight was cancelled
Needs 'thick skin' to win
QPR and Millwall players will LINK ARMS before their clash on Tuesday instead of taking the knee in a bid to 'unify' people after fans booed the gesture
Troy Deeney reveals he's received more than 1000
racist messages calling him an 'effing n-word' since demanding further action after Cavani's 'negrito' post
Leeds Rhinos legend Kevin Sinfield has now raised an astonishing £1.1M as he finishes seventh marathon in seven days
For friend Rob Burrow
Marcus Rashford puts his special edition Nike boots up for grabs
Manchester United striker looks to raise money 'for people in need at Christmas'
Gary Lineker and eagle eyed Liverpool fans spot Caoimhin Kelleher's name was spelled wrong on Premier League debut
Nightmare for the kitman
Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang's agent hits out at Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta with Instagram post of attacking stats
Staunch defence
Wolves wear special warm-up tops paying tribute to Raul Jimenez at Anfield after striker fractured his skull
Now back home after surgery
Floyd Mayweather to take on YouTube boxer Logan Paul in a 'super exhibition fight' in February 2021
'Money' returns for the first time in two years
Mikel Arteta pushes Thomas Partey back on the pitch after injured Arsenal star WALKED OFF while Tottenham were breaking for their second goal
Jamie Carragher jokes 'VAR will be looking at that' as Jamie Vardy celebrates last minute winner for Leicester by smashing corner flag to pieces at Bramall Lane
Peter Alliss, the BBC's legendary 'voice of golf', dies at 89, less than a month after he commentated on the Masters' from home despite failing health
Jese Rodriguez SACKED by PSG in wake of sex scandal and allegation he cheated on his partner with her model frien
PSG have had enough of off-field scandals
'You have to give the people a show!': Floyd Mayweather claims he didn't knock out Conor McGregor early in 2017 superfight
There has since been speculation of a future rematch between the pair.
Timo Werner and Sebastien Haller battle to outdo each other in Miss of the Season competition as Premier League pair both endure moments to forget
Ex-Manchester City and Liverpool striker Mario Balotelli fires warning to 'cowardly b******s' that vandalised his car that they 'better pray hard'
'This is not United... I was praying for the referee to blow the half-time whistle': Patrice Evra SAVAGES 'same old' Manchester United after woeful first 45
'How NOT to mark Adama Traore': Wolves mock Arsenal's Granit Xhaka in TikTok video
Swiss midfielder left red-faced after clip showed failed defending efforts.
And still! Billy Joe Saunders remains UNDEFEATED as he beats fellow Brit Martin Murray by unanimous decision to retain
WBO super-middleweight title
From Bayern Munich... to Prestatyn Town! Former Liverpool prodigy Dale Jennings joins Welsh semi-professional side
Quite a career CV
Wenderson Galeno LEVITATES off the ground before pulling off incredible piece of control as part of dazzling Braga display
Moment went viral
Going nowhere! Teenage wonderkid Yunus Musah signs new six-year deal at Valencia
The 18-year-old has been a revelation in Spain playing for Javi Gracia
Liverpool defender Virgil van Dijk posts first photos of his rehabilitation just five weeks after surgery on ACL injury sustained in Merseyside derby
Ole Gunnar Solskjaer sets sights on top four place as he insists Manchester United are finally finding some consistency after Jekyll and Hyde form
Jurgen Klopp continues
tirade against Premier League's hectic schedule as he hits back at Gary Neville: 'I'm not like him. I care about ALL players'
Charlton star Madelene Wright is SACKED after Snapchat videos showed her 'inhaling balloons at a party and downing champagne at the wheel
Former Arsenal star Henrikh Mkhitaryan is PUNCHED by Young Boys' Mohamed Ali Camara after a tussle on the touchline during Europa League clash
Neymar 'will only sign new PSG contract if Lionel Messi moves to the French champions' with the Brazilian having revealed desire to reunite with him
Martin Keown demands Arsenal take 'expression and enjoyment' into weekend's north London derby after thumping Rapid Vienna
'Bring back Mesut': Arsenal fans urge Mikel Arteta to bring midfield outcast Ozil back into the fold next month after 2,000 made their return to the Emirates
Billy Joe Saunders promises to 'retire' Martin Murray when he defends his WBO title on Friday as the controversial Brit weighs in at 11st 13lbs
Romain Grosjean returns to scene of his horror 140mph crash as he
walks around Bahrain Circuit just four days after he climbed out of his burning car
Erling Haaland vows he will be 'back soon' for Borussia Dortmund after missing their Champions League clash with Lazio with a hamstring tear
PSG star Neymar reveals his 'unforgettable' experience of meeting Diego Maradona when he was just 14 years old
Took him on team bus!
Michael Owen claims 'petulant' Fred should NEVER play for Manchester United again after headbutting Leandro Paredes
Moment of madness
Carlos Tevez dedicates goal to Diego Maradona by celebrating strike with Boca jersey given to him by the late Argentine legend... but it earned him a booking!
'That's theatre, he is in a SWIMMING POOL': Dortmund boss Lucien Favre blasts Sergej Milinkovic-Savic for dive to win Lazio penalty
Neymar and Scott McTominay caught in furious bust-up as pair are forced to be SEPARATED at half-time
Two players clashed after a rash challenge
Olivier Giroud lauded as he scores FOUR in Sevilla rout - with Glenn Hoddle insisting he is still a 'great asset' for Chelsea amid January interest from Inter Milan
Wycombe fans AT LAST get a first look at life in Tier Two... with 1,000 supporters in attendance at Adams Park to see Gareth Ainsworth's side
Manchester United star Fred somehow escapes a red card for HEADBUTT on PSG's Leandro Paredes
Brazilian was not so lucky in the second half
Ex-Manchester City and France left-back Gael Clichy signs 18-month deal with Swiss outfit Servette
Joined a former team-mate in Geneva
Total crisis! Real Madrid's sorry defeat by Shakhtar Donetsk described as 'disastrous' by Spanish press with Zinedine Zidane under pressure
A Schumacher is back in F1! Haas confirm Mick, son of seven-time world champion Michael, will drive for them
in all-new driver line-up for 2021 season
Tyson Fury demands he is REMOVED from BBC's Sports Personality of the Year award shortlist
Broadcaster insists he will remain on the vote
F1 driver Romain Grosjean posts hospital snap of himself doing squats and jokes he's 'still very slow at typing' after Bahrain fireball
Wants to race again
Awkward! Warrington Wolves' big-name signing Greg Inglis LEAKS his new club's new kit for the 2021 season on Instagram
So much for a big reveal
Zinedine Zidane WON'T quit as Real Madrid boss despite losing to Shakhtar Donetsk AGAIN in Champions League
At risk of elimination
Hugs for all! Jurgen Klopp says Liverpool's win over Ajax is 'one of the BIGGEST Champions League nights we have had'
Injury-hit side impressed
Ex-world champion Glenn McCrory, 56, claims he has agreed BARE KNUCKLE boxing match with 58-year-old heavyweight legend Evander Holyfield
FIFTEEN Premier League stars make it on to list of nominees for UEFA's European Team of the Year
Ronaldo is a nominee for the 17th year in a row!
Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang has stopped 'running, tracking back and putting tackles in' since signing new contract, claims Darren Bent
Billionaire's son Nikita Mazepin handed F1 spot with Haas as he beats Brit Callum Ilott to a seat, four years after he was banned for PUNCHING rival in F3
Jack Grealish calls to 'get rid' of VAR as Aston Villa captain labels technology 'borderline embarrassing'
Denied a late equaliser at West Ham
Jurgen Klopp 'got done' in BT Sport interview as Gary Neville shows Liverpool are NOT playing more than previous seasons
He provided a table
England's lions of '66 roar into colour: TV footage of World Cup final glory is now being transformed into full colour for the first time
Iconic images come to life
Ademola Lookman pays emotional tribute to Papa Bouba Diop by holding up former Fulham star's Senegal shirt
Scored at Leicester
Lionel Messi's
tribute to Diego Maradona will cost Barcelona £2,700 as giants are forced to pay a fine to Spanish FA
Emotional star wore Newell's Old Boys shirt
Arsenal are condemned for allowing David Luiz to play on and then DRIVE HOME after sickening clash of heads which left him needing seven stitches
Wolves reveal Raul Jimenez has undergone surgery for a FRACTURED SKULL following striker's sickening clash of heads with David Luiz
Romain Grosjean speaks from his hospital bed for the first time since 140mph fireball crash that split his car in HALF at Bahrain Grand Prix
Edinson Cavani facing FA probe after sparking racism storm for calling a fan 'negrito' in Instagram post
Comes after United's 3-2 comeback win vs Saints
'We're talking about life and death here': Alan Shearer calls for immediate change to concussion protocols after sickening clash of heads at Emirates
'He's built like a brick s***house!': Cameras pick up Rob Holding's
rant as Arsenal defender accuses Adama Traore of going down easily
Former Fulham and Portsmouth midfielder Papa Bouba Diop dies aged 42
He helped Pompey win the FA Cup and starred at the 2002 World Cup
Celtic to probe ugly scenes after Ross County defeat which saw fans throw missiles at shaken players and demand for Neil Lennon to be sacked
Diego Maradona's daughter reduced to tears in the stands as Boca Juniors players applaud her after scoring opener against Newell's Old Boys
Donny van de Beek sparks injury fears as he shows off swollen ankle after making first league start for Manchester United at Southampton
'I'm so grateful Romain is safe': Lewis Hamilton pays tribute to F1 driver Grosjean after his horror crash at the Bahrain Grand Prix
Watching in disbelief
Home for good? On-loan star Gareth Bale submits plans to develop £4m Wales mansion with a whole new floor
Already has a golf course
'I would absolutely do this again!': Mike Tyson reveals plans to CONTINUE fighting at the age of 54 following his boxing return against Roy Jones Jr
Advertisement
Season at a glance
Live tables
Fixtures
Scores
Premier League
Premier League
Championship
League One
League Two
Scottish Premiership
Scottish Div 1
Scottish Div 2
Scottish Div 3
Ligue 1
Serie A
La Liga
Bundesliga
More tables
More fixtures
More scores
Today's headlines
Most Read
Nicking Carlos Tevez, turning Wayne Rooney's head and ruffling Sir Alex Ferguson's feathers... how 'noisy...
Tottenham boss Jose Mourinho dismisses talk of issue with Harry Winks and insists he told midfielder to go...
'If I'm Gareth Bale, I'm disappointed I'm coming off': BT Sport pundits debate whether Jose Mourinho was...
Owen Hargreaves insists Arsenal have a 'genuine chance' of winning the Europa League as pundit heaps praise...
Back to school! UEFA weigh up alterations to referee education after players walked off in Paris amid race...
PSG in for Dele! French giants to make another loan move for Tottenham star Alli in January with Jose...
'I never look beyond Manchester United': Marcus Rashford insists he wants to stay at Old Trafford for the...
Premier League clubs advise stars to cancel Christmas parties with team-mates to keep them off the naughty...
Model DEFENDS Haas F1 driver Nikita Mazepin and says he 'was not serious' when he groped her breasts in...
'You've got to stay switched on. The body can get soft easy': Anthony Joshua raises eyebrows by insisting on...
Tottenham 2-0 Royal Antwerp: Jose Mourinho's high-flyers cruise through to Europa League knockout stages as...
Dundalk 2-4 Arsenal: Second-string Gunners brush aside Irish minnows as Eddie Nketiah, Mohamed Elneny, Joe...
Leicester 2-0 AEK Athens: Cengiz Under opens his Foxes account with spectacular volley before Harvey Barnes'...
Celtic 3-2 Lille: David Turnbull nets winner as Neil Lennon's men deny visitors top spot in Group H
Lech Poznan 0-2 Rangers: Steven Gerrard's men top Group D ahead of Benfica after easing to win against...
Mourinho labelled Wenger a 'voyeur' and a 'specialist in failure', called Pep's greatest triumph a 'scandal'...
Pep Guardiola to demand improved concentration from his Manchester City side ahead of United derby after a...
'He knows that we want to retain him': Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta reiterates desire to keep hold of Folarin...
Frank Lampard reckons iconic players who boss their former teams like Manchester United's Ole Gunnar...
Law firm suing World Rugby for dementia-related negligence now has 40 ex-footballers ready to bring their...
MORE HEADLINES
New footage reveals Istanbul Basaksehir's bench 'called the Romanian fourth official a 'gypsy' as the players walked off in Paris'... but the Turkish club want UEFA to ban HIM for life
Lionel Messi 'WILL sign a new Barcelona contract if I'm elected,' insists presidential hopeful Jordi Farre in huge blow to Manchester City and Pep Guardiola's transfer plans
Liverpool are most likely to get Monchengladbach, Chelsea have a 19% chance of facing RB Leipzig and Barcelona must fear a Bayern Munich reunion... Why the Champions League draw's probabilities are NOT all equal
Tottenham 2-0 Royal Antwerp: Jose Mourinho's high-flyers cruise through to Europa League knockout stages as group winners after Carlos Vinicius and Giovani Lo Celso put Belgian side to the sword
Money talks! Tottenham (valued at £785m) are the only squad from Europe's top 10 most valuable NOT to be in the Champions League last-16... as KPMG analysis shows Liverpool and Manchester City values top £990m
'Think before you ask!': Fuming Antonio Conte IGNORES questions from ex-England boss Fabio Capello on Italian TV, demanding 'respect' as he loses his temper after Inter Milan crash out of Europe
Tottenham boss Jose Mourinho dismisses talk of issue with Harry Winks and insists he told midfielder to go and get changed after bringing him off... while also revealing he had no problem with Dele Alli disappearing down the tunnel in Royal Antwerp win
Model DEFENDS Haas F1 driver Nikita Mazepin and says he 'was not serious' when he groped her breasts in video that provoked angry backlash online
Cristiano Ronaldo's sister labels him 'the best ever' as she aims dig at his rival Lionel Messi by posting image of Barcelona star worshipping Juventus ace after his two goals at Nou Camp
'If I'm Gareth Bale, I'm disappointed I'm coming off': BT Sport pundits debate whether Jose Mourinho was right to sub Welshman in Europa League as Glenn Hoddle insists he looked 'fragile'... but Owen Hargreaves believes he 'can still be a Ferrari'
Conor McGregor's manager insists 'this is the best he's looked in a DECADE' in training ahead of UFC comeback against Dustin Poirier - and says he is 'hungrier than ever' despite making 'MORE money this year' without fighting
Stop tinkering, Ole! Manchester United's senior stars 'fear constant chopping and changing from Solskjaer is killing their consistency' - as stats show he hasn't named an unchanged XI ONCE
Dimitar Berbatov claims training with Cristiano Ronaldo was 'like a war' and that his former Manchester United team-mate didn't even drink at Christmas parties
'Not good enough': Bruno Fernandes breaks his silence after Manchester United's embarrassing Champions League exit in blunt social media message, insisting he and his team-mates must do 'much better'
'I don't give a s*** about the finances, I want to lift the Premier League trophy': Robin van Persie reveals Arsenal showed off about their BALANCE SHEET to convince him to stay before he joined Manchester United
Frank Lampard reckons iconic players who boss their former teams like Manchester United's Ole Gunnar Solskjaer are treated differently to their peers as the Chelsea boss reflects on the 'casual' criticism flung his way
Dele Alli is named in FIFA's top 55 stars in the world despite not featuring in the league for Tottenham since OCTOBER after falling out of favour... as Bayern Munich dominate the list with eleven players
Dundalk 2-4 Arsenal: Second-string Gunners brush aside Irish minnows as Eddie Nketiah, Mohamed Elneny, Joe Willock and Folarin Balogun net to help Mikel Arteta's side to 100% win record in Europa League group
Mourinho labelled Wenger a 'voyeur' and a 'specialist in failure', called Pep's greatest triumph a 'scandal' and Shaw brainless. After his dig at Man United and Solskjaer, here are the Special One's 10 greatest put-downs... and even Messi isn't safe!
Lewis Hamilton set for dramatic return to F1 on final day of 2020 season following coronavirus battle... as seven-time world champion tests negative and arrives in Abu Dhabi to take back his seat from Williams' George Russell
MOST READ IN DETAIL
Want a Date?
Join Match.com Now for Free!
more
Advertisement
From the Makers of Candy Crush
Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now!
more
Head Start to Home Cooked
Get Recipes
more
NEW ARTICLESHomeTop
Share
Back to top
Home
U.K.
News
Sports
U.S. Showbiz
Australia
Femail
Health
Science
Money
Video
Travel
Shop
DailyMailTV
Sitemap
Archive
Video Archive
Topics Index
Mobile Apps
Screensaver
RSS
Text-based site
Reader Prints
Our Papers
Top of page
Daily Mail
Mail on	Sunday
This is Money
Metro
Jobsite
Mail Travel
Zoopla.co.uk
Prime Location
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group
dmg media
Contact us
How to complain
Leadership Team
Advertise with us
Contributors
Work with Us
Terms
Do not sell my info
CA Privacy Notice
Privacy policy & cookies
Advertisement
Advertisement