http://www.time-to-run.com/privacy-policy
Time-to-RunGlobal Running Information
Home
Country Sites
Australia
Au Forums
Britain
Canada
Canada Forum
Europe
Finland
Germany
Ireland
Kenyan Experience
Malta News
Namibia News
New Zealand
NZ Forums
South Africa
Trail SA
ZA Forum
Spain
Sweden
USA
US Forums
Sports Medicine
Doctor
Exercise Physiology
The ABC Physiology
Collapse in Heat
Physiology Home
Skeletal Muscle
What body type are you?
Physiotherapy
Massage
Alternative
Yoga
Stretching
Injuries & Treatment
Articles
Predictors of injury
Comeback from Injury
Advice on Ice
Injury prevention tips
5 Most Common Injuries
Achilles Tendonitis
Plantar fasciitis
ITB – Iliotibial Band Syndrome
Runner’s Knee
Shin Splints
Events
Marathon
Tallinn
Tel Aviv
USA Marathon
Track
Indoor
Cross Country
Trail
Trail South Africa
Triathlon
Beginners
Women
Training
Veterans
Coaches Corner
Training Methods
Training Articles
10k Training Programs
Strength
Resources
Clubs
Footwear
Nutrition
Tours
Training Camps
Product Reviews
Runner’s Tips
Dealing with Chafing
Clothing Tag Ouch
Breathing
Cadence Breathing
The Side Stitch
Drugs-in-Sport
Your Articles
Site Links
Forums
Training Zone
Info
About Us
TheEd
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Global Running News
Injuries
Nutrition
Training
Forums
You are here: Home / Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy for www.time-to-run.com with GDPR update
If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by email at info @ dmg-projects.com.
At www.time-to-run.com, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information is received and collected by www.time-to-run.com and how it is used.
Log Files Like many other Web sites, www.time-to-run.com makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
Cookies and Web Beacons www.time-to-run.com does use cookies to store information about visitors preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the user access or visit, customize Web page content based on visitors browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.
Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners include Google Adsense.
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on www.time-to-run.com send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see.
www.time-to-run.com has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. www.time-to-run.com’s privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers’ respective websites.
Time-to-Run
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
We do not upload images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included.
Contact forms
Time-to-Run keeps contact form submissions for a certain period for customer service purposes, but you do not use the information submitted through them for marketing purposes.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
We do not have any embedded content on our site that collects any data.
Analytics
Who we share your data with
We use the standard process provided by Google Analytics to track numbers and the various countries visited from.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Your contact information
Additional information
How we protect your data
All data is stored on our secure server
What data breach procedures we have in place
If any data breach occurs, we will inform the users and put in place the requirements needed for the breach not to occur again.
What third parties we receive data from
Currently we receive no data from third parties, however we shall inform you if this practice changes.
What automated decision making and/or profiling we do with user data
We do not do any profiling currently, however we shall inform you if this practice changes.
Industry regulatory disclosure requirements
We do not have any industry regulatory disclosure requirements, however we shall inform you if this practice changes.
Sign up for Time-to-Run Newsletter
Email address:
First Name
Last Name
Leave this field empty if you're human:
Recent Posts
Top 7 Steps to Follow when Preparing for a Marathon
Blessing and a Curse
Plan your training to achieve
Personal Trainer May Be the Best Fitness Decision
6 Lifestyle Tips for Beginner Runners
Partners
Time-4-Sport
Time-to-Tri
Triathlon
Old College Triathlon, my first race
Women Info Women’s running info .. Women
10k Training
better 10K 10k training programs
Nutrition
for the exercising body
.. Nutrition
Sports Doctor solving problems .. Sports Doctor
The ABC Searching for the solutions The ABC
Sports Massage Athlete’s Massage
… Sport Massage
Return to top of pageCopyright © 2020 · Time-to-Run · Privacy Policy · Powered by DMG-projects · DMG-network partner · Log inThis website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.