https://www.foxestalk.co.uk/privacy/
Jump to content
Community Home
All Activity
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We are FoxesTalk ("we", "our", "us"). We’re committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. If you have questions about your personal information please contact us.
What information we hold about you
The type of data that we collect and process includes:
Your name or username.
Your email address.
Your IP address.
Further data may be collected if you choose to share it, such as if you fill out fields on your profile.
We collect some or all of this information in the following cases:
You register as a member on this site.
You fill out our contact form.
You browse this site. See "Cookie policy" below.
You fill out fields on your profile.
How your personal information is used
We may use your personal information in the following ways:
For the purposes of making you a registered member of our site, in order for you to contribute content to this site.
We may use your email address to inform you of activity on our site.
Your IP address is recorded when you perform certain actions on our site. Your IP address is never publicly visible.
This information is used by Board administrators to detect and prevent account abuse, and in particular "spamming" of the board and the creation of multiple accounts to avoid bans for breaching forum rules.  This is necessary to maintain the integrity of the board for the benefit of users.
Other ways we may use your personal information.
In addition to notifying you of activity on our site which may be relevant to you, from time to time we may wish to communicate with all members any important information such as newsletters or announcements by email. You can opt-in to or opt-out of such emails in your profile.
We may collect non-personally identifiable information about you in the course of your interaction with our site. This information may include technical information about the browser or type of device you're using. This information will be used purely for the purposes of analytics and tracking the number of visitors to our site.
Keeping your data secure
We are committed to ensuring that any information you provide to us is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable measures and procedures to safeguard and secure the information that we collect.
Cookie policy
Cookies are small text files stored on your computer by your web browser at the request of a site you're viewing. This allows the site you're viewing to remember things about you, such as your preferences and history or to keep you logged in.
This site uses cookies for numerous things, including:
Registration and maintaining your preferences. This includes ensuring that you can stay logged in and keeping the site in the language or appearance that you requested.
Analytics. This allows us to determine how people are using the site and improve it.
Advertising cookies (possibly third-party). If this site displays advertising, cookies may be set by the advertisers to determine who has viewed an ad or similar things. These cookies may be set by third parties, in which case this site has no ability to read or write these cookies.
Other third-party cookies for things like Facebook or Twitter sharing. These cookies will generally be set by the third-party independently, so this site will have no ability to access them.
Rights
You have a right to access the personal data we hold about you or obtain a copy of it. To do so please contact us. If you believe that the information we hold for you is incomplete or inaccurate, you may contact us to ask us to complete or correct that information.
You also have the right to request the erasure of your personal data. Please contact us if you would like us to remove your personal data.
Acceptance of this policy
Continued use of our site signifies your acceptance of this policy. If you do not accept the policy then please do not use this site. When registering we will further request your explicit acceptance of the privacy policy.
Changes to this policy
We may make changes to this policy at any time. You may be asked to review and re-accept the information in this policy if it changes in the future.
Third Parties
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of this website, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.
Privacy Policy
Spam Defense
The IPS Spam Defense Service passes the email address and IP address of the registering member to the service to determine the likelihood a registering account is a spam source.
Privacy Policy
Invisible reCAPTCHA
This site uses a CAPTCHA to ensure humans are performing certain actions. The CAPTCHA provider may set a session cookie and get information about your internet browser and device accessing this website.
Privacy Policy
All Activity
Home
Privacy Policy
×
Existing user? Sign In
Sign Up
Home
Back
Forums
Calendar
Guidelines
Staff
Online Users
Champions Archive
Activity
Back
All Activity
Search
Match Ratings
Back
2020/21
2019/20
2018/19
History
Back
Browse Seasons
Players
Back
A list of players
First team squad
Player nationalities
Statistics
Back
Appearances
Back
All-time top appearances
Everpresent players
Attendance records
Competition statistics
Goalscorers
Back
All-time top goalscorers
Goal in last match
Goals per game ratio
Hat-trick heroes
Scored on debut
Top scorers
Kit sponsors
League history
Manager statistics
Opposition statistics
Player age records
Records and honours
Record scores
Transfers
Back
View transfers
Record transfers paid
Record transfers received
Leaderboard
×
Create New...