http://www.iowasoccer.org/privacy_policy/
Privacy Policy | Iowa Soccer
Skip to Main Content
Iowa Soccer
Find a club near you
About
Operations & Transparency
Mission & Vision
Board
Staff & Office
Member Directory
Our Sponsors & Partners
How to Sponsor, Partner or Advertise
Mailing List Rental
Calendar/Events
Contact Our #team
Intern with Iowa Soccer
Interested in interning?
Submit this form!
Site Map
Fundraising for the RecPlex
Membership
Member Dollars at Work
Membership Types
Youth Soccer:
Becoming a Member
Adult Soccer:
Becoming a Member
Programs
Share the Love, Powered by Score Sports
Recipients
Developmental Camp
D. Camp Registration
D. Camp Preparation
D. Camp Good Times!
D. Camp Roommate Request Form
ODP
Overview
Selection Process
Tryout Schedule
Registration & Payment
Coaching Staff
Current Team Pools
FAQs
Resources:
Team Administrators
Resources:
Coaches
National Champs
TOPSoccer
Awards
Hall of Fame
Annual Meeting (AGM)
AGM Registration
Iowa Soccer Symposium
Registration
Hotel Information
Symposium Presenters
Resources
Coaches
Education & Courses
Resources
Player Development Advisory Panel
PLAYER PATHWAY:
Soccer for all.
Soccer for life.
4U Program
6U Program
8U Program
Parent Tool Kit
Club Tool Kit: Running your club
US Youth Soccer
US Adult Soccer
US Soccer
Employment
US Soccer's Mandates
Operations
Covid-19
Rules & Policies
Registration & Rostering
Demosphere
Managing Risk
Volunteer Disclosure Form
Concussion Management
SafeSport & Reporting Child Abuse
Insurance Coverage & Forms
Tournament Travel & Administration
Referees
News & Announcements
Request a Clinic
Become a Referee
Recertification & Registration
New Referees
Seasonal Resources
Iowa Soccer Championship Series
US Soccer Development Academy
USL League Two
National Federation of High Schools
NISOA
Futsal
Major Arena Soccer League
Administration
Iowa Referee Committee
History of the IRC
Learning Center
RefLink
Social Media
Surveys & Polls
Frequently Asked Questions
Instruction
Publications
Video Resources
FIFA FUTURO
HUDL
Training & Tests
Recertification Modules
Just-in-Time Training
Study Guides
Mentoring & Assessment
Assignment
Advanced Referee Program
Honor Roll
Terry Vaughn Referee Academy
2019 TVRA
Websites of Interest
Competition
Adults
Iowa Soccer Adult State Cup
Midwest Region
MIDWEST Conference, US Youth Nat'l. League
Midwest Regional Championships
Midwest Regional Presidents Cup Championships
Iowa Soccer e-Sports League
ISL State League
State League Schedule
State League Rules
State League Team Entry
Matchday
|
State League Experience
ISL Rec CENTRAL
ISL Rec CENTRAL Schedule: By Division
ISL Rec CENTRAL Schedule: By Club
ISL Rec CENTRAL -- Rules
ISL Rec CENTRAL -- Guest Player Form
ISL Rec CENTRAL -- Game Reschedule Form
ISL Rec NORTHEAST
ISL Rec NORTHEAST Schedule: By Division
ISL Rec NORTHEAST Schedule: By Club
ISL Rec NORTHEAST -- Rules
ISL Rec NORTHEAST -- Guest Player Form
ISL Rec NORTHEAST -- Game Reschedule Form
Academy Central
Academy Central Schedule
Academy Central Rules
Academy Central Game Reschedule Form
Academy East
Academy East Schedule
Academy East Rules
Academy Festival
Fall 2019 Academy Festival Schedule
Request a Friendly
Iowa State Cup
Confirmed Team Entries
State Cup Rules
State Cup Schedule, Fall Competition
17U Girls Meggie Malm Cup
Referee Performance Feedback
Iowa Presidents Cup
Confirmed Team Entries
Presidents Cup Rules
Presidents Cup Schedule, Fall Competition
Score Sports Rec Cup
Guest Player Allowance & Form
Roster Submission Form
Rec Challenge Cup
Guest Player Allowance & Form
Roster Submission Form
United Cup
USYS United Cup Rules
Roster Submission Form
Roster Guide
Iowa Soccer Indoor Championships
Youth
Indoor Championships Hotels
The Tournament Center
FACILITY STATUS - Iowa Soccer League Play
Multimedia
News & Stories
Photo Galleries
Video Center
Iowa Soccer's YouTube Channel
Home>About
Print
Email
About
Operations & Transparency
Mission & Vision
Board
Staff & Office
Member Directory
Our Sponsors & Partners
Mailing List Rental
Calendar/Events
Contact Our #team
Intern with Iowa Soccer
Site Map
Privacy Policy
Iowa Soccer is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the Iowa Soccer Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the Iowa Soccer website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998
Collection of Your Personal Information
Iowa Soccer collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Iowa Soccer also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by Iowa Soccer. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by Iowa Soccer for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Iowa Soccer Web site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Iowa Soccer public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Iowa Soccer does not read any of your private online communications.
Iowa Soccer encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from Iowa Soccer so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. Iowa Soccer is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Iowa Soccer and Iowa Soccer family of Web sites.
Use of Your Personal Information
Iowa Soccer collects and uses your personal information to operate the Iowa Soccer Web site and deliver the services you have requested. Iowa Soccer also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Iowa Soccer and its affiliates. Iowa Soccer may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Iowa Soccer may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Iowa Soccer may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Iowa Soccer, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Iowa Soccer does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Iowa Soccer keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within Iowa Soccer, in order to determine what Iowa Soccer services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Iowa Soccer to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Iowa Soccer Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Iowa Soccer or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Iowa Soccer; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Iowa Soccer, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Iowa Soccer Web site use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience.
A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Iowa Soccer pages, or register with Iowa Soccer site or services, a cookie helps Iowa Soccer to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Iowa Soccer Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Iowa Soccer features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Iowa Soccer services or Web sites you visit.
Security of Your Personal Information
Iowa Soccer secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Iowa Soccer secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Privacy of Children
We are mindful that young people need special safeguards and privacy protection. We realize that they may not understand all the provisions of our policy or be able to make thoughtful decisions about the choices that are made available to our adult users. We strongly urge all parents to participate in their children's exploration of the Internet and any online services, and to teach their children about protecting their personal information while online.
Changes to This Statement
Iowa Soccer will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Iowa Soccer encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Iowa Soccer is protecting your information.
Contact Information
Iowa Soccer welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Iowa Soccer has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Iowa Soccer at jwood@iowasoccer.org
We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
Weather Forecast
6200 Aurora Ave., Suite 607E
Urbandale, IA 50322
Tel: 515.252.6363
©2020 Iowa Soccer Association    Home | Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use