http://www.theirvinegolfclub.co.uk/33-privacy-policy
HomeHistoryJames BraidThree Scottish ChampionsVisitorsFacilitiesGreen FeesHow to BookScorecardGuidelinesAccommodationAyrshire Links ExperienceThe CourseCourse Fly Over VideoCourse GuideDirectionsOpen EventsGroup
BookingsMembershipsApply To JoinCorporateSponsorsClub BlogContactRestaurant BookingDirectionsMembers Login
DESIGNED BY THE RENOWNEDCOURSE ARCHITECTJAMES BRAID
You are here: Home
Privacy Policy
The Irvine Golf Club Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Under the new GDPR guidelines, Irvine Golf Club will operate as a data controller when dealing with Members and their personal information.
This privacy policy sets out how Irvine Golf Club (IGC) uses and protects any information that you give IGC when you use the Club’s website and supply Membership information that we use to manage your Membership throughout the year.
IGC is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using our website or our Club Management system (Club V1), then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
IGC may change this policy from time to time by updating this document. You should check the Club’s website from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 25th May 2018
What We Collect When you register as a Member of Irvine Golf Club or renew your membership (including if you are registering or renewing on behalf of a child under the age of 18), we will ask you for the following information:
Name and date of birth;
Contact information including telephone numbers and email address;
Demographic information such as address;
Financial information relating to Membership subscriptions;
Information relating to your golfing handicap;
If you are a volunteer working with Irvine Golf Club to provide services such as assistance to Junior coaching, Open Days or other activities involving working with Children or other groups we will ask you for further information to enable us to apply for PVG membership on your behalf.
If you wish to participate in any competition, event, coaching or training course etc, we need to collect your personal information so that we can honour your booking and to enable you to participate in any of these activities.
What We Do with The Information We Gather
We require this information to manage your Membership and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
Financial compliance.
Affiliation information to bodies such as Scottish Golf and Renfrewshire Golf Union.
Update handicapping info via HowdidIdo.
We may also use the information you provide in pursuit of our legitimate interests to:
Promote and encourage participation in golf by sending members’ communications and booking information for upcoming competitions and events.  Our competitions and events may also be photographed or filmed and your personal information may also be used in images captured from our competitions and events, which we use for promotional, educational and development purposes.
Provide competition in golf by accepting and managing entries for our competitions and checking your personal information to ensure you are entered into the correct category.
Monitor and develop participation in golf by monitoring Members’ engagement and participation through competitions, membership categories and by inviting our Members to participate in surveys for research and development purposes.
Invite our Members as award winners or guests to our Annual Dinner Awards etc.  This includes contacting Members who have won prizes to encourage them to attend.
Develop and maintain our Members’ qualifications, including sending email communications to Members to inform you of upcoming courses, renewal requirements and verify that you have completed any mandatory training and PVG/Child Protection requirements.
Respond to and communicate with Members regarding your questions, comments, support needs or complaints, concerns or allegations in relation to golf.  Any complaints should be notified to the Secretary who may use your personal information to investigate your complaint.
Where we process your personal information in pursuit of our legitimate interests, you have the right to object to us using your personal information for the above purposes.  If you wish to object to any of the above processing, please contact the Secretary at: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
If we agree and comply with your objection, this may affect our ability to undertake the tasks above for the benefit of you as a Member.
Volunteers
If you are a volunteer as mentioned above, we will need to collect personal information relating to criminal convictions or alleged commission of criminal offences where you are required to complete a PVG check under the Protection of Vulnerable Groups (Scotland) Act 2007.  This information will include your PVG certificate number, PVG membership number, date of issue and any relevant information in relation to your membership of the PVG scheme.
If your PVG certificate is not clear, we will have a legitimate interest to collect references and any other applicable information to allow us to consider whether or not you can volunteer in a regulated role with Children and/or Vulnerable Adults.
Where we process your personal information in pursuit of our legitimate interests, you have the right to object to us using your personal information for the above purposes.  If you wish to object to any of the above processing, please contact the Secretary at: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
If we agree and comply with your objection, this may affect our ability to undertake the tasks above for the benefit of you as a Member.
Why We Need Your Personal Information
We have certain legal obligations and these include:
The Protection of Vulnerable Groups (Scotland) Act 2007 to check that our coaches and volunteers are able to undertake regulated work with Children and Vulnerable Adults.
The Equality Act 2010, which requires us to process personal information to make reasonable adjustments where necessary
Data Storage and Right to Withdraw Consent
We will store and use the data provided by you for as long as you are a Member of IGC and for a reasonable period afterwards should you wish to return to the Club after leaving.
You have the right to withdraw your consent to us using your personal information as gathered in the guidelines stated above.  You can contact us by telephone, email or visit us in person to advise us of this.  Should you ever wish to complain about the use of your personal data, you should contact the Information Commissioner’s Office.
You can request to see what information we hold about you by submitting a Subject Access Request which we will reply to within one month of receiving the request.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Membership Administration and Renewal
We will use the personal information kept on file for you to manage your account.  This includes sending you the notice for the Membership costs for the following year, contacting you regarding payment or collection of payment issues, sending you notice of Club meetings such as AGM, SGM etc.  along with any relevant paperwork.  If we do not hold an email address for you, we will send this by post or contact you by telephone.
Cookies Policy
How We Use Cookies A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to Other Websites Our website or newsletters may contain links to other websites or articles of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your Personal Information,
you may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you receive a communication from the Club, such as a newsletter, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes.  This includes communications received from Club V1, our management software provider.
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at:
Irvine Golf Club Bogside, Irvine KA12 8SN  01294 275979 This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Who We Share Your Personal Information With
If your personal information is included in any images or videos taken by us at our competitions and events, we may share this with local media outlets such as newspapers, magazines etc for journalistic purposes.
We may be required to share personal information with statutory or regulatory authorities and organisations to comply with statutory obligations such as the Health & Safety Executive, Disclosure Scotland and Police Scotland for the purposes of safeguarding Children.
We may also share personal information
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee of £10 will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to the Secretary at Irvine Golf Club, Bogside, Irvine, KA12 8SN.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write or email us as soon as possible at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
It is important that you have read and understood our privacy policy and should you have enquiries regarding it, you should contact the Secretary, who is the Data Protection Officer for the Club, and they will discuss your issues with you directly. The new GDPR regulations come in to force on May 25th 2018.  You do not need to do anything for your Membership to continue as it does presently, however if you do wish to change your preferences regarding your data, please contact :  This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.Course Reviews(10 out of 10)danielbothwellThis is an absolute gem of a course and is in excellent condition. The service in the clubhouse was great and I would recommend the bacon roll pre-golf.Be accurate off the tee or take plenty balls with you!
(10 out of 10)DenisExcellent course in great condition. Clubhouse is first class and great value. Would not hesitate to recommend.
(10 out of 10)RayBest course and value for money I have ever played in the UK. Absolute cracking course and very friendly too. I will return.
(9 out of 10)DavidGlasgow Very nice course with some lovely holes - lots to like, and a few wows! Substantial club house, well stocked Pro shop, friendly personable members - if I lived here, I would be very tempted to apply for membership.
This isn't a soft, bland, banal course. It's definitely got a bit of spice to it!
Enjoy. This is a gem.
(10 out of 10)MarkProfessional & all staff at the course couldn't have been anymore helpful. Course is well maintained, greens are in great condition, extremely quick. Fairways tight and well maintained.
“B.O.G.S. ( Boys Own Golf Society ) @ Bogside
Reviewed 18 June 2014
On our 20th Annual trip to the home of golf this traditional course was enjoyed by us all,even the ones who didn't score well. Would recommend to any golfer visiting the area. Graeme B rated 5 out of 5  - Oct 26 2015We were greeted by a club member who gave us a quick tour prior to teeing off, showing the facilities and introducing the pro etc. A good touch.Course itself was excellent with the greens still in great condition and the bunkers tees etc well maintained. Overall excellent value for money. CE Johnson
A classic old course that truely runs with the land. Some high holes on a ridge with other holes on the low ground below. A unique, fun experience. First time around, without a caddy, you are going to make some mistakes on aim and distance, but so what. Every one of our four ball match loved the course -- from our most skilled player at 7.0 to me at 17.5. Andrew Rodgers
I have played Bogside twice. However, I have been fortunate enough to play some wonderful golf courses around the world including all on The Open rota, Kiawah Island and even Pebble Beach last year. In my honest opinion, the greens at Irvine Bogside are the best i`ve played on. This as well as it being the most friendly of clubs you could wish for, should make it a desirable course to play for anyone who enjoys this greatest of sports.
Ian BrownA beautful course which is set back from the sea on a great stretch of links land. The staff and members were incredibly welcoming and friendly and the drinks and food are probably the cheapest in the country. The 4th and 5th may look short on the card but provide a great challenge with the 2nd shot (or the 1st if you're really brave) to the 4th being one of the trickiest you'll ever face. Beware the drop on the 6th hole since if you drive over the brow of the hill there is a good chance you'll end up in a bunker. The 17th was also very tight with no room for error of the tee. All of the holes have a lot of character and I personally thought this was the best of the Open Qualifier's we played on our vist. Bob Grainger
A truly impressive test of golf, perfectly true greens, typical Links course features of punishing gorse and heather for wayward shots.
Most of the holes a memorable for one feature or another.
Very welcoming staff, great value clubhouse.
Search ...
Select
Designed by Advertisingworks Scotland Ltd.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.
By using our website, you agree to our use of cookies.												Learn more
Accept