http://www.thousandhills.com/privacy-policy/
The Thousand Hills affiliate companies take the protection and proper use of your personal information seriously. We respect your privacy, and take great care to safeguard information in our possession. Your preferences for use of your information are our highest priority.Thousand Hills does not share customer information (including e-mail addresses) outside the Thousand Hills affiliate companies unless it is necessary to provide you with our products or services, or we are legally required to do so.Even within the Thousand Hills affiliate companies, we restrict access to your information to those individuals who need it to provide you with services. Any third-party companies we must use to provide you with services are required to keep your information secure and confidential.Information We CollectWe collect personally identifiable information from you when you register on our website, make a reservation with us, subscribe to our e-mail newsletter, through communications with you, or through the Thousand Hills affiliate companies. We may also collect personal information about you from other third parties, such as demographic firms, to make our future marketing efforts more efficient.How We Use Your InformationWe use your personal information that we collect to conduct our business and to provide you with the best possible products and services. To best serve you, we may share your personally identifiable information with other members of the Thousand Hills affiliate companies.CookiesOur website uses “cookies.” A cookie is a small data file that websites often store on your computer’s hard drive when you visit their websites. A cookie may contain information (such as a unique user ID) that is used to track the web pages you’ve visited. Information gained from “cookies” may be shared with service providers who perform services on our behalf and within the Thousand Hills affiliate companies. We use a cookie to help us determine site traffic patterns. This cookie identifies your computer, and contains absolutely no personal information. If you are a “cookie–phobe,” you can set your browser to accept no cookies, or tell it to erase all cookies at the end of a session.You do NOT need to accept or use cookies to use Thousandhills.com.SecurityWe maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect the confidentiality and security of personally identifiable information transmitted to us using this website. To guard your information, our website uses Secure Sockets Layer (SSL). SSL encrypts your credit card number, name and address so only Thousandhills.com is able to decode your information. Please note that e-mail is not encrypted and is not considered to be a secure means of transmitting credit card information.To be sure your connection is secure, look at the bottom status bar of your browser window. If you see an unbroken key or a closed lock (depending on your browser) the SSL is active and your information is secure. Most browsers offer additional security alerts as well. If for some reason you are unable to connect to our secure server, please call us toll free at 1-877-262-0430.Policy ChangesThis policy replaces all previous disclosures we may have provided you about our information practices. We reserve the right to change this policy, and to apply any changes to information previously collected, as permitted by law. If our information practices change in the future, we will notify you by posting the policy changes on our website. This policy was last updated on 04/29/16.Additional InformationIf you’re not comfortable making reservations or inquiries online (and/or would prefer to use the telephone), just give us a call at 1-877-262-0430. Our Customer Service Representatives will be happy to assist you.For your convenience, Thousandhills.com may link to unaffiliated third party websites. This Privacy Policy does not apply to unaffiliated third party websites.If you have questions regarding our Privacy Policy and Security Statement please contact us at:Thousand Hills, E-Commerce Dept. 245 S. Wildwood Dr. Branson MO 65616 1-877-262-0430 info@thousandhills.com
Arrival
Nights
Units
Adults
Children
Branson Golf CourseReserve Tee Times Online or Call today for details!877-262-0430Discounts & SpecialsSee our Branson lodging discounts and special promotions.Low Price GuaranteeReserve Online and lock in the BEST deals on all things Branson via our Concierge.Thousand Hills Platinum Experience: