https://www.ishestar.is/en/privacy-policy/
Covid-19
FAQ
Contact Us
1-5 hour riding tours in Reykjavik area
2-9 day Multi-day tours
Day tours
Multi-day tours
Privacy Policy
Consent
By submitting or uploading personal information through our site or the services, you agree to the terms of this privacy policy and You expressly consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information in arrangement with this privacy policy.
Information Collection and Use
Íshestar collects personal information and anonymous information, as described below. We use information that we collect to improve our site and services, contact you, conduct research, create reports for internal use.
Collection by Íshestar
Some specific types of information, which may include Personal information, that Íshestar may collect and use includes the following:
Registration Information
When you book at tour with us we will ask for information such as your name, email address and phone number. We may use the personal information you submit during the registration process to send you services-related communications.
We may also use such personal information to send you electronic newsletters or promotional e-mails, unless you have requested not to receive such promotional communications from us.
Location Information
We may collect and store information about your location if you enable your computer or mobile device to send us location information. You may be able to change the settings on your computer or mobile device to prevent it from providing us with such information.
Payment Information
When you pay for any services, we collect your name and email address. We do not store any credit card informations. Our payment processing service provider, Valitor, stores all payment informations in the most secure way possible.
Feedback & Communications
If you provide us feedback or contact us via e-mail or Live Chat, we will collect your name and e-mail address. We may use personal information submitted to contact and respond to you and otherwise in the same manner as described above for registration information.
Log File Information
When you view our Site, our servers collect information such as your web request, IP address, browser type, referring / exit pages and URLs, number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed, and other browsing information. This information is used to improve the Site and Services.
Accept Privacy Policy
© 2018 Íshestar - All rights reserved
Cookies
We use cookies for this site to work properly. Due to EU legislation we have to ask for your consent. Please accept cookies and let this site load just like any other site on the internet.
Accept
Read more