http://www.scottishcroquet.org.uk/index.php/policies/privacy-notice
You are here: Home
Policies
Privacy Notice
Search...
Croquet in Scotland
Your nearest clubClubs in Scotland
Tournaments
Fixture ListCompetition ReportsPrizesHandicappingRegulations for TournamentsTournament Management
SCA
OfficialsJoining the SCAWhat the SCA offers to clubsConstitutionPoliciesAnti-DopingAnti-FraudChild Wellbeing and ProtectionCOVID-19 GuidanceEquality and DiversityEquity StatementExpenses - ExecutiveExpenses - PlayersGovernance PoliciesGrievances, Disciplinary and Appeals ProcedureHealth and SafetyInduction ProcessIT and Communication SystemsPrivacy NoticeSelection
Coaching
Coaching notesSCA Coaching Qualifications
Technical
Laying out a lawn
Links
Useful Links
History
Scottish Croquet 1870 - 1914Croquet in ScotlandHistory of the SCA Constitution
Privacy Notice
Details
Created on Monday, 19 November 2018 11:19
Last Updated on Monday, 11 November 2019 13:52
Last reviewed on 28 April 2019
What we need
The Scottish Croquet Association ("SCA") is the governing body of the sport of croquet in Scotland. It is a member of the World Croquet Federation.
The SCA will be a "controller" of the personal information that you provide to us in this form, unless otherwise stated. When you register as a member of the SCA or renew your membership (including if you are registering or renewing on behalf of a child under the age of 18), we will ask you for the following personal information:
contact details – name, address, telephone numbers, email address, and date of birth (if under 18);
membership category;
qualifications – handicaps, coach and referee; and
gender identity.
When you register for one of our courses or competitions we will ask you for the following personal information:
contact details – name, address, email address, telephone numbers, and date of birth (if under 18); and
qualifications – handicaps, and refereeing and coaching qualifications.
Why we need your personal information – contractual purposes
We need to collect our members’ personal information so that we can manage your membership. We will use our members’ personal information to:
provide you with core member services, including, insurance, licensing and PVG checks;
set up your online membership account and administer your account online; and
send you membership communications by post or email in relation to essential membership services, including but not limited to, membership renewals and information on membership benefits.
If you do not provide us with all of the personal information that we need to collect then this may affect our ability to offer the above membership services and benefits.
When you book a place with us for and attend a coaching course or take part in a competition, we need to collect your personal information so that we can honour your booking and enable you to participate in the course or competition.
If you do not provide us with all of the personal information that we need to collect then this may affect our ability to book your place.
Why we need your personal information – legitimate purposes
We also process the personal information of our members and those who enter our competitions in pursuit of our legitimate interests to:
promote and encourage participation in the sport of croquet by sending members communications and booking information for upcoming competitions and events. Our competitions and events may be photographed or filmed, both for live streaming and later replay purposes, and your personal information may also be used in images captured from our competitions and events, which we use for promotional, education and development purposes.
We also process our members’ personal information in pursuit of our legitimate interests to:
provide competition in the sport of croquet by accepting and managing entries for our competitions and checking your personal information to ensure you are entered into the correct category;
monitor and develop participation in the sport of croquet by monitoring members’ engagement and participation through attendance and inviting our members to participate in surveys for research and development purposes;
develop and maintain our members’ qualifications, including sending email communications to members to inform you of upcoming courses, renewal requirements and verify that you have completed any mandatory training and PVG/child protection requirements;
keep members informed and consult with them on matters to do with the SCA and the sport of croquet;
promote communication between members of the SCA on matters to do with the club and the sport of croquet; and
respond to and communicate with members regarding your questions, comments, support needs or complaints, concerns or allegations in relation to the sport of Scotland. We will use your personal information to investigate your complaint, to suspend membership and take disciplinary action where appropriate.
Where we process your personal information in pursuit of our legitimate interests, you have the right to object to us using your personal information for the above purposes. If you wish to object to any of the above processing, please contact us on This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.. If we agree and comply with your objection, this may affect our ability to undertake the tasks above for the benefit of you as a member.
Why we need your personal information – legal obligations
We are under a legal obligation to process certain personal information relating to our members for the purposes of complying with our obligations under:
the Protection of Vulnerable Groups (Scotland) Act 2007 to check that our coaches and volunteers are able to undertake regulated work with children and vulnerable adults; and
our sportscotland regulatory requirements to report on the size, achievements and profile of our members.
Other uses of your personal information
We may ask you if we can process your personal information for additional purposes. Where we do so, we will provide you with an additional privacy notice with information on how we will use your information for these additional purposes.
We may be asked by our member clubs to collect and store personal information about their individual members. Where we do this, the clubs have a responsibility as "controllers" to provide their members with privacy notices and we will not use such personal information for any other purpose.
Who we share your personal information with
If your personal information is included in any images or videos taken by us at our competitions and events, we may share this with sportscotland for promotional and/or journalistic purposes.
We may be required to share personal information with statutory or regulatory authorities and organisations to comply with statutory obligations.
Such organisations include the Health & Safety Executive, Disclosure Scotland, and Police Scotland for the purposes of safeguarding children.
We may also share personal information with our professional and legal advisors for the purposes of taking advice.
We may also share your name and competition results with the World Croquet Federation’s ranking officers so that they can maintain the world ranking databases.
In the event that we do share personal information with external third parties, we will only share such personal information strictly required for the specific purposes and take reasonable steps to ensure that recipients shall only process the disclosed personal information in accordance with those purposes.
How we protect your personal information
Your personal information is stored on our electronic filing system and our servers based in the UK, and is accessed by our staff and volunteers for the purposes set out above.
How long we keep your personal information
We will only keep your personal information for as long as necessary to provide you with membership services. Unless you ask us not to, we will review and possibly delete your personal information where you have not renewed your membership with us for six years.
We will keep certain personal information of members for longer in order to confirm your identity, when you were a member of the SCA and for how long. We need to do this in the event of a claim against the SCA.
Your rights
You can exercise any of the following rights by writing to us at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it..
Your rights in relation to your personal information are:
you have a right to request access to the personal information that we hold about you by making a "subject access request";
if you believe that any of your personal information is inaccurate or incomplete, you have a right to request that we correct or complete your personal information;
you have a right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information for specific purposes; and
if you wish us to delete your personal information, you may request that we do so.
Any requests received by the SCA will be considered under applicable data protection legislation. If you remain dissatisfied, you have a right to raise a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office at www.ico.org.uk.