http://www.skatinginbc.com/privacy-policies
Skip to main content
Privacy Policies
You are hereHome > Privacy Policies
Privacy Policies
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you subscribe to our newsletter.
When registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name and e-mail address.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience
(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve customer service
(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide may be used to send you information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
How do we protect your information?
Your private information will be kept on file for more than 60 days in order to improve our customer service.
Do we use cookies?
We do not use cookies.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our websites privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on August 11th, 2011
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
http://www.skatinginbc.com/
Suite #2-6501 Sprott St.
Burnaby, BC V5B 3B8
Keep Updated
Join the Technical Updates Notification.
Enter your e-mail address below.
Our Sponsors
Our Partners