http://www.jrbicycles.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
If visiting us in person, please be considerate of our staff and observe all appropriate COVID-19 precautions.
If visiting us in person, please be considerate of our staff and observe all appropriate COVID-19 precautions.
Visit Us: 7000 Bryan Dairy Road Suite B1 Largo, FL 33777
Contact Us: (727) 545-1580
Tap to text
Effective: March 15, 2015
J&R Bicycles, Inc. has created this privacy policy to inform consumers about what information is collected and how we use and disclose it.
The data we collect is stored and used only for the purposes as described in this policy or as otherwise disclosed at the time the information is collected.
By using this website, you signify your consent to the use, collection, and sharing practices outlined below.
Personal
You can do a variety of things on our website; enter contests, subscribe to mailings, create a wish list, and purchase products. In doing so, you will be asked to provide personal information such as your name, address, e-mail address, phone number, credit card number and birth date. For example, when you place an order, your name, contact and payment information will be collected and stored for the purpose of processing and shipping your order, sending shipping confirmations, and providing you with customer service. The personal information you provide may also be used to contact you about sales, promotions, and events, unless you have opted to not receive promotional communications from this website. The information you provide and the option to receive additional communication from us can be updated at any time by logging in to your account.
Non-Personal
We also collect non-personal information about users of our website. Non-personal information is information that by its self cannot be used to identify or contact you.
Cookies/Web Beacons/Other Technologies
Like many companies, we may employ the use of cookies, web beacons, and other technologies to receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with our website. For example, cookies are files stored on your computer’s hard drive. These cookies help us to identify returning customers and optimize their shopping experience. For example, cookies allow us to hold your selections in your shopping cart when you leave our site without checking out. In addition, we may use cookies to track the performance of our promotions. You can at any time disable cookies on your computer. If you choose to not allow our cookies, we may not be able to provide certain personalized services and in turn you may not be able to take full advantage of the features on our website. Additional information that may be collected includes your browser type and which webpage led you to our site. This information helps us to better understand our customers and to continually work to improve their buying experience. Click here for more information about cookies
External Links
Some of the features on our site will allow you to link to a third party website. Any data transmitted once a customer leaves our site and visits another is not covered by this policy. The privacy policy of the third party web site governs the information collected and stored while visiting said site. For example, our store locator allows you to create a map to our location. The store locator function is linked to a third party website.
Public Forums
From time to time we may open a discussion or forum (such as Facebook) that allows for our customers to post questions and comments. Any information you submit will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary and may be used for any purpose without limitation. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these types of settings becomes public information and is available for us to use. You should exercise caution when deciding how to disclose your personal information on these areas, since anyone may use publicly posted information. For example, you might send us a comment about your shopping experience that we may post to let others know what you think.
Opening an Account
To become a member of our website, we will require your name, address, phone number and e-mail address. Except as provided in this policy, we will never share this data with anyone without your consent. We will cooperate fully with local, state, and federal authorities should an occasion arise in which we are required by law to provide customer information.
Security Policy
This site has security measures in place to help reduce the risk of loss, misuse, or alteration of information under our control. We use secure sockets layer (SSL) technology, which encrypts all information during transmission. All customer data is similarly protected against unauthorized use.
Third Party Sharing
Sometimes we will partner with a third party to offer a promotion, contest, or sweepstake. Based on our agreements with them, third parties may obtain personally identifiable information. In the event of such collection, complete details of promotions, contests, and sweepstakes will be posted.
Additionally, we sometimes employ other companies to perform functions on our behalf in connection with the operation of this website. These third parties have access to your information collected through this website as needed to perform said function, but may not use it for other purposes. For example, we use a third party to process your credit card.
Special Note for Parents
Our site will not knowingly accept information from any persons under the age of 13 in violation of applicable laws. Use of our website by children under 13 without parental permission is prohibited on this site. If you are a parent and you have reason to believe your child under 13 has posted personally identifiable information, please contact us so that we may delete that information from our system.
Business Transfers
The information you provide is a company asset and may be included in transferred assets if J&R Bicycles, Inc. is acquired by a third party.
Contact Us
For further information regarding this policy, please contact us at (727) 545-1580 or by mail at J&R Bicycles, Inc. 7000 Bryan Dairy Rd Suite B1 Largo, FL 33777.
Changes to This Policy
From time to time updates will need to be made to this policy. J&R Bicycles, Inc. reserves the right, at our discretion to change, add, or remove parts of this policy. All updates to this policy will be found on this page with current effective date listed.
Added to your cart:
(-)
Cart subtotal