http://www.mytenniscenter.com/pages/index.cfm?action=privacy
CUSTOMER PRIVACY STATEMENT
The
web site you are using has been developed using technology provided by the Foundation Sports Systems, LLC (FSS LLC), a Massachusetts corporation located at 132 Chief Justice Cushing HWY, Suite 70, Cohasset, MA 02025;
This customer
privacy statement relates to FSS LLC.  You should check
with the owner of your club or facility on whose site you are visiting
for their privacy policy, usually governed by their club or facility
by-laws and membership protection policies.
FSS,
LLC does not use, disclose, or share any of your personally identifiable information.
FSS,
LLC does not accept any responsibility for the manner in which your
club or facility uses information collected by means of FSS,
LLC powered web site.
Protecting your
privacy is important to us. We hope the following statement will help
you understand how FSS, LLC. collects, uses and safeguards
the personal information you provide to us on this Web site.
Information Collection.
When you browse any web site built using FSS, LLC technology
and have not registered for any online service from FSS,
LLC., you browse anonymously. Personal information such as your name,
address, phone number or e-mail address is not collected as you browse.
FSS, LLC. does, however, use "cookies" to collect
information about how our site is used. (See "About Cookies,"
below.) Information, such as the server your computer is logged onto,
your browser type (e.g., PC, Mac, Mobile). This information is used for the purpose of
improving your experience on this site.
If you have a question or concern,
please call 800-913-4551 XT 2, or please send us e-mail at company@foundationtennis.com.
Linked Internet
Sites. You should be aware that other Internet sites to which you link
from this web site might contain privacy provisions that differ
from the provisions of our Privacy Statement.
About Cookies.
Cookies were originally designed to help a Web site distinguish a user's
browser as a previous visitor and thus save and remember any preferences
that may have been set while the user was browsing the site. A cookie
is a small string of text that a Web site can send to your browser.
A cookie cannot retrieve any other data from your hard drive, pass on
computer viruses, or capture your e-mail address. Currently, Web sites
use cookies to enhance the user's visit; in general, cookies can securely
store a user's ID and password, personalize home pages, identify which
parts of a site have been visited.
If you
are just browsing this web site,
we do not use or set dookies. If you become a registered online customer
of this web site (with a designated user ID and password),
we use cookies so that we can macth your session ID to allow you to perform site operations such as updating your profile, booking online tennis court reservations, and enrolling in related activities published on this web site
Changes to the
Internet Privacy Statement. Changes to our Internet Privacy Statement
will be noted here so that you can be fully informed about the privacy
protections we provide.
Date
last revised: 6/8/2020
Section: Information
Use
Description:
This section was updated to clarify our uses and sources of e-mail addresses.
FSS, LLC does not share your personal information or email address with any third parties.
Copyright
(©) 2017-2020 FSS, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
2020 © FoundationTennis.com. ALL Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy |
Terms of Service |
ADMIN LOGIN
Powered by: FoundationTennis.com