http://www.sportscotland.org.uk/privacy-and-data-protection/
Skip to content
Home
Privacy and data protection
Privacy and data protection
Welcome to sportscotland’s Privacy and Data Protection area. When sportscotland is referenced in this section of the website, this includes the Scottish Sports Council Trust Company, our subsidiary company which is responsible for the management of our three National Centres - Glenmore Lodge, Inverclyde and Cumbrae.
sportscotland is committed to ensuring that all users of sportscotland services are aware of their rights in respect of privacy and data protection, and that whenever we process personal data, we do so in a transparent, fair and lawful manner. We understand that compliance with data protection, and the protection of the personal data of individuals who come into contact with our organisation is integral to our business, and our approach to compliance with data protection is compatible with the GDPR.
General Information
We are registered with the ICO as a data controller and our registration number is Z7177835. Our data protection officer is Kerry Lochrie. You can contact our data protection officer by writing to the following address:
Data Protection Officer
Doges, Templeton on the Green
62 Templeton Street
Glasgow
email: DPO@sportscotland.org.uk
Subject Access Requests
Under Data Protection Legislation you have the right to make a Subject Access Request. Please visit  Subject Access Requests for more information.
Right to Complain
If you think that sportscotland is handling your personal data inappropriately or is not meeting its legal requirements in respect of data protection laws, please contact the Data Protection Officer (DPO) via the contact details above with detail of your concerns in order to have them investigated and any issues resolved where appropriate.
You also have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office. Please visit the Information Commissioner’s website for more information.
Privacy
Subject Access Request
Other pages from this section:
Privacy and data protection
Privacy
Subject Access Request
Records Management Plan
Date published: 15 May 2018
Date updated: 20 May 2020
Share this page
Facebook
Twitter
Linkedin