https://www.melbournerugby.com.au/privacy-policy/
NEWS
SENIORS
WHY JOIN?
MEMBERSHIP
TRAINING
MEN’S
WOMEN’S
WHEELCHAIR RUGBY
STATISTICS
PHYSIOTHERAPY
COACHES & MANAGERS
SENIOR COMMITTEE
JUNIORS
WHY JOIN?
YOUTH GIRLS
MEMBERSHIP
TRAINING
SAFETY FIRST
COMPETITION RULES
COACHES & MANAGERS
JUNIOR COMMITTEE
MEMBERSHIPS
PRESIDENT’S CLUB
UNICORNS FOUNDATION
OUR CLUB
HISTORY
VISION
FACILITIES
SPONSORS
SOCIAL EVENTS
EMPLOYMENT
INSURANCE
DOWNLOADS
CONTACT
FACEBOOK
Melbourne Rugby
#RoadToVictory
Home of the Mighty Unicorns | Admin
Privacy Policy
In this policy, “us”, “we”, or “our” means Melbourne Rugby Union Football Club, operators of this website.
We are bound by the National Privacy Principles contained in the Commonwealth Privacy Act 1988 (subject to any exemptions that apply to us under that Act).
We may, from time to time, review and update this privacy policy, including taking account of new or amended laws, new technology and/or changes to our operations. All personal information held by us will be governed by the most recently updated policy.
1. Information we collect
The personal information we collect falls into four categories: contact details, click trails, activity history, and publishable content.
Contact details are collected as supplied by you from time to time. We do not personally store usable credit card information. Where a record is required, we entrust credit cards to our payment gateway and store only the last few digits and expiry date of your credit card solely for purposes of identity confirmation and forewarning of expiry.
Click trails record the paths taken by visitors through the website. This information is generally recorded against IP address, and may be possible to correlate by computer.
Activity History consists of orders, enquiries, votes submitted via the website, or offline contact you have with us such as phone calls.
Publishable content consists of comments or other submissions of content you would like us to publish on our website.
2. How we collect it
Contact details and publishable content are collected when supplied by you either via the website or direct to us by other means.
Click trails are recorded by our servers as each request reaches the website. This includes but is not limited to:
• The type of browser you are using
• The date and time of your visit
• Your IP address
• The address of the website that referred you to ours
• The addresses of pages accessed and any documents downloaded
Click trails can be correlated over time by the use of ‘cookies’ as outlined in section 6. In most cases click trail data is not directly individually identifiable.
Activity history is recorded whenever you undertake an activity such as submit an enquiry, make a comment, vote on an object, and may additionally be recorded by us when you contact us offline.
3. Why we collect it and how we use it
Publishable content is collected and republished where applicable in order to enable a two-way conversation in public between us and our visitors.
We collect your personal contact details and activity history:
• To respond to requests or queries you raise
• To confirm your identity
• To fulfil orders made by you
• To keep you up to date with news, special offers, and other marketing information you have opted-in to receive.
We collect click trail data:
• To measure and monitor the performance of our website
• To estimate interest in our products and services
• To refine and update our website’s content
• To monitor our website for violations of the terms of use or any applicable laws by visitors
4. How we disclose it
We may disclose your personal information to third parties, and you consent to us disclosing your personal information to third parties, under the following circumstances:
• As part of a sale of all or part of our business
• When explicitly authorised to do so by yourself at the time you supply the information
• As required or authorised by any applicable law
• As required for processing of credit card payments by Internet Payment Gateways and Merchant Facilities.
• As part of any investigation by us into you or your activity on our website (including to your Internet Service Provider or network administrator)
• If we have reason to believe that you have committed a breach of any of our terms of use or have been otherwise engaged in any unlawful activity and we reasonably believe that disclosure is necessary (including to the Police or any other enforcement body, or to your Internet Service Provider or network administrator)
• To lessen or prevent a serious threat to a person’s health or safety
5. Publishable content
When you submit content to us for publication (including but not limited to comments, testimonials, votes, or forum posts) you assign us a transferrable, perpetual right to publish and/or commercially exploit said content without limitation. You also warrant in submitting such content that the content is owned or produced by yourself or you otherwise have permission to assign publication rights to us. Publication rights do not extend to fields specifically marked as private (e.g. your email address), except in cases of clear violations of our terms of use.
Content submitted by you for publication may be disclosed to all visitors of our website, and/or republished on other websites at our discretion.
If you provide personal information either of your own or of any third party as part of publishable content, you warrant that you have permission to publish said information and indemnify us against any consequences resulting from the publication of said information.
If you find your personal information published on our website without your consent, please contact us immediately as outlined in section 10.
6. Cookies
Cookies are electronic tokens containing small amounts of information that are passed between a web browser and server. They are used to maintain session state between pages or to retain information between visits if you return to the website at a later time.
We use cookies to correlate passive activity tracking data as well as to authenticate supply of information such as enquiries, comments, and votes to minimise malicious or spam traffic.
7. Opting in and out
You may opt out from the correlation of passive activity data by turning off cookies in your browser. Please note however that disabling cookies may result in a reduction of available functionality on our site including but not limited to the loss of the ability to post comments and vote on content.
When you supply us with your email address you may be asked to opt in to receive marketing information by e-mail or other means.
You will be given the opportunity to opt out from receiving further communications from us in accordance with this policy each time we send you information for which you have opted in. This comes in the form of an ‘unsubscribe’ link, generally in the footer and/or header of each email.
If you receive any communication purporting to be connected with us or our products or services that you believe has been sent to you other than in accordance with this policy, or in breach of any law, please contact us immediately as outlined in section 10.
8. Information management and security
With the exclusion of information supplied for publication (as outlined in section 5), we will take all reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information we hold is not lost, misused, or inadvertently provided to unauthorised third parties, including by means of firewalls, password locking, truncation of credit card data, encryption of data in transit, and secured servers.
You acknowledge that the security of communications sent by electronic means cannot be guaranteed. You provide information to us via the internet at your own risk. We cannot accept responsibility for misuse or loss of, or unauthorised access to, your personal information where the security of information is not wholly within our control.
You must ensure the security and confidentiality of any username and/or password used by yourself to access this website. You agree that you will be held responsible for all activities which occur under your username and password (including but not limited to publication of illegal or defamatory material or any other unlawful activity, or unauthorised charging of your credit card).
You agree that we are not responsible for the privacy or security practices of any third party and that the collection and use of your information by third parties may be subject to separate privacy and security policies.
If you suspect any misuse or loss of, or unauthorised access to, your personal information, please contact us immediately as outlined in section 10.
9. Gaining access to your information
You have the right (excluding exceptions outlined in the Privacy Act) to seek access to and update or correct the personal information we hold about you. If you make an access request, we will ask you to verify your identity. We may charge a fee to cover the costs of meeting your request.
If you would like to seek access to personal information we hold about you, you can contact us as outlined in section 10.
10. How to contact us
If you have any questions or complaints about how we collect, use, disclose, manage or store your personal information, or would like to request access or changes to the information we hold, please contact us in writing at:
Club Secretary
Melbourne Rugby Union Football Club
PO Box 8034, Armadale, Victoria, 3143
—
This Privacy Policy was last updated January 30, 2015.
LATEST NEWS
November 12, 2020
NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2020
February 5, 2020
JUNIOR TRY RUGBY DAY
November 25, 2019
WOMEN’S TRY RUGBY DAY
ARCHIVES
November 2020 (1)
February 2020 (1)
November 2019 (2)
August 2019 (2)
July 2019 (2)
May 2019 (2)
April 2019 (2)
October 2018 (2)
August 2018 (1)
July 2018 (1)
June 2018 (2)
May 2018 (3)
April 2018 (2)
February 2018 (2)
January 2018 (1)
August 2017 (6)
May 2017 (2)
April 2017 (4)
March 2017 (1)
February 2017 (1)
November 2016 (1)
October 2016 (1)
September 2016 (3)
August 2016 (5)
July 2016 (5)
June 2016 (2)
May 2016 (5)
April 2016 (5)
March 2016 (3)
February 2016 (4)
October 2015 (2)
September 2015 (8)
August 2015 (7)
July 2015 (8)
June 2015 (9)
May 2015 (9)
April 2015 (11)
March 2015 (4)
February 2015 (3)
January 2015 (1)
November 2014 (1)
October 2014 (1)
August 2014 (1)
June 2014 (1)
February 2014 (1)
OUR SPONSORS