http://www.ijgt.com/ijgt-policies/
IJGT Policies
Player Code of ConductSpectator Code of ConductPace of PlayPayments, Refunds, and WithdrawalsPrivacy Policy
Player Code of Conduct
The IJGT takes great pride in the quality of its players, host facilities, and broad community involvement at each event. To continue offering a high quality, enjoyable experience for everyone, all members are required to follow a set of guidelines known as the “Player Code of Conduct”. These guidelines help IJGT promote growth and maturity of participants by understanding and accepting consequences of their actions. The “Player Code of Conduct” is to be followed throughout the junior’s membership.
Alcohol, Tobacco and Drugs
The use of any of these substances on or off the golf course will be considered a violation of the Code of Conduct resulting in disqualification and/or suspension of IJGT Membership at the Tour’s absolute discretion.
Attire
It is the intent of the IJGT to acknowledge each player’s individuality. However, tournament players must wear proper golf attire while at the golf facility.
Shirts must be of appropriate golf style and tucked in at all times.
No tank tops or t-shirts.
Women’s shirts must be worn in a manner whereby the shirt does not rise above the belt line at any time during the swing.
No tight jeans or cut-offs.
Women’s shorts must be no more than five (5) inches above the knee; the inseam must measure at least five (5) inches.
Boys may not have body piercings or wear earrings.
Tattoos must be covered at all times.
Hair must be neatly kept in a professional manner.
Hats/visors should be worn with the brim forward; males must remove hat/visor while indoors.
Headphones, mp3 players, etc. are prohibited during play.
The IJGT staff reserves the right to determine the acceptability of all golf attire worn while in competition. If a player is found to be in violation of the aforementioned policies, the IJGT staff may request the player to remedy the infraction prior to competing. If the player is unable to come into compliance with the dress code policy, he/she may be asked to leave the tournament and subsequently be disqualified from competition.
On-Course Behavior
Abusive or inappropriate language; disrespectful behaviors towards officials, volunteers or golf professionals; throwing or breaking golf equipment; any form of cheating; leaving the golf course without properly notifying an official during a tournament round; and abuse of the golf course in any way will be considered Code of Conduct violations. A one-stroke penalty will be enforced by the IJGT for any behavior on the golf course it deems unsportsmanlike. A second offense will result in automatic disqualification from the tournament and possible suspensions from future events. Caddies are prohibited.
Do not solicit advice from a spectator or coach.
“Advice is any counsel or suggestion which could influence a player in determining your play, choice of club or method of making a stroke.”
Penalty for breach of this rule is two-strokes on the player (USGA Rule 8-1). Talking to spectators and coaches during tournament play is not allowed and can be construed as receiving advice.
Off-Course Behavior
Any abusive language, vandalism of any kind at the host hotel or golf facility, history of juvenile delinquency and any other conduct not becoming of an IJGT member, is a violation of the Code of Conduct. Violation may bring a letter of warning to parents and player, a disqualification from IJGT tournament(s), and/or a disqualification from future events and/or suspension from all future events.
Spectator Code of Conduct
Parents and spectators are extremely important to the IJGT. We encourage all to come out on the golf course to view the competition. Please note that in accordance with the IJGT Spectator Code of Conduct parents, guardians, and spectators are required to allow participants to compete without giving any advice or counsel to them during the stipulated round (USGA Rule 8-1), knowing that a violation may cause a two-stroke penalty against their participant without warning. This includes any conversation between player/spectator in their native language.
Spectator carts are not permitted during tournament rounds unless the spectator is handicapped. Handicapped spectators must submit a request form to the IJGT at least one week in advance of the start date of the tournament. Handicapped spectators must present the proper identification to the IJGT as well as the host facility staff.
Spectators must walk the course and are encouraged to stay on the cart paths or in the rough areas. Please remain clear of all fairways and keep proper distance from all players (75 yards is recommended). Spectators cannot walk with players during tournament play as the IJGT does not allow the use of caddies.
Spectators are not permitted to ride on the back of ANY golf cart at ANY time during IJGT competitions.
Spectators cannot give advice to any player.
“Advice is any counsel or suggestion which could influence a player in determining his play, choice of club or method of making a stroke.”
Penalty for breach of this rule is two-strokes on the player (USGA Rule 8-1). Talking to competitors during tournament play is not allowed and can be construed as giving advice.
Spectators are not to give rulings. In stroke play, when a player is in doubt to a rules situation, he/she may complete the hole by playing a “second ball” and report the facts to the Rules Committee before returning his/her scorecard (USGA Rule 3-3). Allow IJGT Rules Officials to administer rulings. You will be brought into a situation ONLY if the Rules Official requests that you participate.
Alcohol, swearing or abusive language will not be tolerated.
No cellular phones or beepers are permitted on the golf course during tournament rounds.
Spectators can act as a forecaddie; carry umbrellas, jackets, food or drink, etc. However, spectators are not permitted to talk to any players during a stipulated round except to suggest the playing of a “second ball” if there is doubt as to procedure (USGA Rule 3-3).
Pace of Play
Pace of Play is critical. Please keep in position with the group in front of you. You are out of position if the group in front of you places the flag in the hole on the putting green before your group has placed the flag in your respective hole. If you cannot keep up with the group in front of you, please keep up with your time par:
18 minutes for a Par 5
15 minutes for a Par 4
12 minutes for a Par 3
Each player will be given a pace of play guideline sheet on the No. 1 or No. 10 tee. This sheet will have the time allotted for each hole and the total amount of time to complete the round. If you are out of position and out of time par, the group and each player will automatically be put on the clock. The IJGT will allow 45 seconds for each player to play a stroke. If a player has two bad times during the round, he/she will incur a penalty of:
1 stroke for the first offense
2 strokes for the second offense
Penalty of Disqualification for the 3rd offense under USGA Rule 6-7
Please play ready golf.
Payments, Refunds, and Withdrawals
Billing
Once your registration is accepted, you will be charged the full amount of the entry fee.
If you have been accepted into a tournament and need to withdraw, please review the Withdrawal Policy below.
If you have any billing questions or concerns, please contact:
IJGT Member Services
Email: info@ijgt.com
Phone: at 844-779-3374
Withdrawals
Due to the increase in withdrawals over the past few years, the IJGT has instituted the following withdrawal policy for junior golfers who withdraw from an event after they have started their first round of tournament play:
All juniors wishing to withdraw from an event after play begins must report to the Tournament Director before leaving the golf course and before competition has closed.
Junior golfers should under no circumstances leave the course before they have notified an IJGT staff member. Leaving unannounced will result in an automatic disqualification.
IJGT Staff reserves the right to inquire with the withdrawn players fellow competitors for more information regarding the situation leading to withdrawal.
There will be no refund for any player who withdraws after Round 1 of the tournament in which they are playing has begun.*
*The only exception to this policy is if the player is physically injured / has fallen ill and cannot play or in the case of emergency. In the event of an injury or illness, a doctor’s note is required and an opportunity for partial refund will be considered. In order to claim your refund, please email info@ijgt.com with the player name, tournament information, and proof of illness, injury, or emergency circumstance.
Refunds
As previously mentioned, all cancellations must be submitted via email (info@ijgt.com) or phone (844-779-3374). If a player must withdraw from any event more than 14 days prior to the starts of the event, an in-house credit of the entry fee minus a $30 transaction fee will be applied to the account. This credit can be applied to any future IJGT event during the current season. If a player must withdraw from any event less than 3 days prior to the start of the event, the full entry fee will be forfeited.
Transfer of Registration
Every IJGT member will be allowed one tournament transfer per season at no cost. You must email the IJGT to receive the transfer, and it does not apply to any cancellation that occurs less than 7 days prior to the start of the event.
No Cards/No Shows
In the events of a scorecard not turned in after a round or not showing up to a tee time, the junior is disqualified under the USGA Rules of Golf. This includes, but is not limited to, juniors leaving the golf course or city in which the event is conducted or failing to show up for any subsequent rounds of an event without talking to the Tournament Director in person.
Disqualification penalties that occur due to intent or a deliberate decision by the player will be listed as DQ Rule 6-3a (NC or NS) and printed next to the junior’s name in the tournament results. The Tournament Director will re­port the disqualification to the IJGT Review Board. The junior’s membership will be suspended and the junior will not be eligible for year-end honors. If a junior has previ­ously been accepted into a future IJGT tournament(s), they will be withdrawn immediately. If the Tournament Committee feels that the disqualification penalty was one in which there was no intention or managed purpose by the player, it will be listed as DQ Rule 6-3a.
Privacy Policy
At the IJGT, your privacy is very important to us. View our latest privacy policy.
91 Old Carolina Drive
Bluffton, SC 29910
843-779-3374 | info@ijgt.com
Home
Tournaments
Rankings
Events
About
Contact Us
Scroll to top