http://www.ukwindsurfing.com/privacy/
UKWA
About the UKWA
Events
Results
Pictures
Forum
Links
News
Contact
Short Cuts
Windsurfer of the Year
Join UKWA
Local Clubs
UKWA Data Privacy Policy
This policy explains when and why we collect personal information about our members, how we use it and how we keep it secure and your rights in relation to it.
We may collect, use and store your personal data, as described in this Data Privacy Policy and as described when we collect data from you.
We reserve the right to amend this Data Privacy Policy from time to time without prior notice. You are advised to check our website or our event noticeboard regularly for any amendments (but amendments will not be made retrospectively).
We will always comply with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) when dealing with your personal data. Further details on the GDPR can be found at the website for the Information Commissioner. For the purposes of the GDPR, we will be the “controller” of all personal data we hold about you.
Membership information
The UKWA collects information about people who apply for membership, including:
Name, email address, postal address, phone number, gender & date of birth.
This is for the purpose of managing the membership of the UKWA, contacting next of kin in an emergency, and managing the membership categories which are age and gender related. It is kept for upto 2 years after membership lapses.
Event information
For events the UKWA also collects:
Sail number, and optionally mobile number and vehicle registration number.
Photos and videos of the members.
This is for the purpose of managing race entries, sharing results, and emergency contact information.
The photos and videos taken by or provided to the UKWA can be used on the UKWA’s website and related services (e.g. Facebook). For use by the UKWA website we seek consent from members as part of their membership form.
Email news lists
The UKWA provide several email lists for people to subscribe to. These are only used for the purpose of sending email on those topics, and the emails are not used anywhere else. The subscription for each list is independent of any other system, will not be used for any other purpose, and unsubscribing can be done in the same way as subscribing.
Website cookies
The website uses cookies to remember users who login, so that you do not have to authenticate for every page when entering events or using the forum.
The website also uses Google Analytics, which provides aggregate data on the usage of the website which is used for understanding usage and improving the website. No personal information is available from the analytics.
How we protect your personal data
We will not transfer your personal data outside the EU without your consent. We have implemented generally accepted standards of technology and operational security in order to protect personal data from loss, misuse, or unauthorised alteration or destruction.
Please note however that where you are transmitting information to us over the internet this can never be guaranteed to be 100% secure. For any payments which we take from you online we will use a recognised online secure payment system.
We will notify you promptly in the event of any breach of your personal data which might expose you to serious risk.
Who else has access to the information you provide us?
We will never sell your personal data. We will not share your personal data with any third parties without your prior consent (which you are free to withhold) except where we are required to do so by law or as set out in the section above or in paragraphs below.
We may pass your personal data to third parties who are service providers, agents and subcontractors to us for the purposes of completing tasks and providing services to you on our behalf (e.g. to print newsletters and send you mailings). We do this for the purpose of our legitimate interests in operating the Club and for performing our contract with you. However, we disclose only the personal data that is necessary for the third party to deliver the service and we have a contract in place that requires them to keep your information secure and not to use it for their own purposes.
It is possible that third parties may themselves engage others (sub-processors) to process your data. Where this is the case third parties will be required to have contractual arrangements with their sub-processor(s) that ensure your information is kept secure and not used for their own purposes.
We may also pass your personal data to the RYA for the purposes of carrying out surveys when it is in the legitimate interest of the club and the RYA to do so.
The RYA may use third parties to carry out the surveys but disclose only the personal data that is necessary for the third party to do so and will have a contract in place that require the third party to keep your information secure and not to use it for their own purposes.
How long do we keep your information
We will hold your personal data on our systems for as long as you are a member of the organisation and for as long afterwards as it is in the UKWA’s legitimate interest to do so or for as long as is necessary to comply with our legal obligations. We will review your personal data every year to establish whether we are still entitled to process it. If we decide that we are not entitled to do so, we will stop processing your personal data except that we will retain your personal data in an archived form in order to be able to comply with future legal obligations e.g. compliance with tax requirements and exemptions, and the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
We securely destroy all financial information once we have used it and no longer need it.
Your rights
You have rights under the GDPR:
to access your personal data
to be provided with information about how your personal data is processed
to have your personal data corrected
to have your personal data erased in certain circumstances
to object to or restrict how your personal data is processed
to have your personal data transferred to yourself or to another business in certain circumstances.
You have the right to take any complaints about how we process your personal data to the Information Commissioner: https://ico.org.uk/concerns/0303 123 1113.
Information Commissioner's OfficeWycliffe HouseWater LaneWilmslowCheshire SK9 5AF
For more details, please address any questions, comments and requests regarding our data processing practices to our Data Protection Officer webmaster@ukwindsurfing.com