http://www.golfbusinessnews.com/privacy-policy/
NewsGOOD DirectoryDiaryGolf JobsAbout GBN.com
Privacy Policy1. IntroductionAt GolfBusinessNews.com, we are committed to protecting your personal information and being transparent about what information we hold about you.Using personal information allows us to develop a better understanding of our clients and readers and to provide you with timely and relevant information about our activities.The purpose of this policy is to give you a clear explanation about how we collect and use the information we collect from you directly and from third parties.GolfBusinessNews.com is the data controller and we are responsible for your personal data.Our Contact DetailsFull name of legal entity:e.GolfBusiness.com Limited 5-7 High Street, Dorchester-on-Thames, Wallingford, Oxfordshire, OX10 7HH UK gbc@golfbusinesslinks.net Tel: +44 (0) 7752 900716 Managing Director/Publisher: Geoffrey RussellThis privacy notice provides you with details of how we collect and process your personal data through your use of our site, https://golfbusinessnews.com/, including any information you may provide through our site when you make a comment in our reader forum, sign up to our newsletter or take part in a reader survey, prize draw or competition.If you are not happy with any aspect of how we collect and use your data, you have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues – www.ico.org.uk We should be grateful if you would contact us first if you do have a complaint so that we can try to resolve it for you.It is very important that the information we hold about you is accurate and up to date. Please let us know if at any time your personal information changes by emailing us at gbc@golfbusinesslinks.net2. What Data Do We Collect About You?Personal data means any information capable of identifying an individual. It does not include anonymised data. We may process certain types of personal data about you as follows:Identity Data may include your first name, last name, company name and job titleContact Data may include your postal address, email address and telephone numbers.Technical Data may include your login data, internet protocol addresses, browser type and version, browser plug-in types and versions, time zone setting and location, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this site – https://golfbusinessnews.com/ – and any related site.Profile Data may include your interests, preferences, feedback and survey responses.We may also process Aggregated Data from your personal data but this data does not reveal your identity and as such in itself is not personal data. An example of this is where we review your Usage Data to work out the percentage of website users using a specific feature of our site.We do not collect sensitive categories of personal information such as details about health, race, religious beliefs and political opinions.3. How We Collect Your Personal DataWe collect data about you through a variety of different methods including:Direct interactions: You may provide data by filling in forms on our site or by communicating with us by post, phone, email or otherwise, including when you:subscribe to our publications or services;meet a representative of our company at a trade exhibition or business conference;start up a business relationship or a business development enquiry;request editorial resources or marketing information be sent to you;enter a competition, prize draw, promotion or survey; orgive us feedback.Automated technologies or interactions: As you use our site, we may automatically collect Technical Data about your equipment, browsing actions and usage patterns. We collect this data by using cookies, server logs and similar technologies. We may also receive Technical Data about you if you visit other websites that use our cookies. Please see our cookie policy in Section 6 below.Third parties or publicly available sources: We may receive personal data about you from various third parties and public sources as set out below:trade directories and magazines (both on-line and printed paper);analytics providers such as Google based outside the EU;search information providers such as LinkedIn, Google etc based inside or outside the EU;identity and contact data from media partners who may be based inside or outside the EU;identity and contact data from publicly availably sources such as Companies House based inside the EU.Names and addresses/contact details of Golf Associations, Federations and Unions, and suppliers are harvested for publication in The Golf Owners Operators & Developers (GOOD) directory as a service to the golf industry as a “legitimate interest” but will be removed should any of these organisations tell us that they would prefer not to be included.4. How We Use Your Personal DataWe will only use your personal data when legally permitted. The most common uses of your personal data are:Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests;Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation;Where we need to perform a contract between us;We do not rely on consent as a legal ground for processing your personal data, but your interests and fundamental rights will always override our legitimate interests and you have the right to be removed from our database at any time by emailing us at gbc@golfbusinesslinks.netPurposes for Processing Your Personal DataSet out below is a description of the ways we intend to use your personal data and the legal grounds on which we will process such data. We have also explained what our legitimate interests are where relevant.We are a publisher of ‘trade’ or ‘B2B’ news and information which is specific to people involved in the business of golf and which is accessed at https://golfbusinessnews.com/We make no charge for supplying this news and information. It is made freely available to all those who wish to view it regardless of where in the world they are located. Although it is possible in the future that certain information will only be available to subscribers, there will be no change to our policy of making the website freely accessible to everyone at all times.Our website is up-dated on a daily basis with typically around 40 or more new items being added every week. In order to inform people about these new items we publish a twice-weekly newsletter and send this by email to our database. All newsletters include an unsubscribe option.The funding for our publishing activities comes from the sale of advertising on both our website and within our newsletter. This advertising typically contains links so that individual readers may quickly and efficiently make direct contact with the advertiser, but this is entirely within the control of the reader.Even though, as publishers, we have knowledge about what editorial and advertising material our readers look at, this information is never supplied to our advertisers except as Aggregated Data (e.g. total number of readers who have ‘clicked’ or ‘opened’ a page).Additional ways in which we may use your personal data for our legitimate interests:To study how customers use our publications, to develop them and grow our business and marketing strategy;To help us to deliver relevant content and advertisements to you and measure and understand the effectiveness of our advertising;To administer and protect our business and our site (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data);For running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security and to prevent fraud;To use data analytics to improve our website, products/services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences;To define types of customers for our publication and services, to keep our site updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy.5. Disclosures of Your Personal DataWe may have to share your personal data with the parties set out below:Our service providers who provide IT and system administration services.Professional advisers including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services.HM Revenue & Customs, regulators and other authorities based in the United Kingdom and other relevant jurisdictions who require reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances.We require all third parties to whom we transfer your data to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We only allow such third parties to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.6. CookiesYou can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this website may become inaccessible or not function properly.We do not use 3rd Party / Tracking / Advertising cookies.NONE OF THE INFORMATION WE GATHER VIA COOKIES IDENTIFIES YOU AS AN INDIVIDUAL – IT IS ALL ENTIRELY ANONYMOUS.The cookies we use are detailed below:CookieTypeDurationDescriptionBlog/Post CommentsPersistent1 yearIf you leave a comment on the website e.g. on a page, article or blog post, then a cookie may be stored to ‘remember’ your email address for the next time you post (should you choose the “remember me” option).Cookie HeaderPersistent1 yearIn the header of each web page on this site you will see a message alerting you of our privacy and cookie policy. If you’ve seen this message once, you probably won’t want to see it again. We use a cookie to remember this setting. User data is all anonymous.Google AnalyticsTo understand how people use our site, and to discover areas on our site with issues, we use Google Analytics. Most websites use some sort of analytics program like this. The data it collects helps us see things like how many people visit our site, which country they are from, how many pages they visited, how fast our site loaded, and so on. All data collected is completely anonymous, it does not identify you as an individual in any way.WordPressPersistent1 yearWordPress is the Content Management System (CMS) that runs this website. It uses a cookie when logging in and out and is essential for proper website operation. It is only set if you are a registered user, so for most people it is not set at all. User data is all anonymous.7. International TransfersCountries outside of the European Economic Area (EEA) do not always offer the same levels of protection to your personal data, so European law has prohibited transfers of personal data outside of the EEA unless the transfer meets certain criteria.Our preferred Data Processor is Mailchimp who are based outside the EEA. Mailchimp’s Privacy Policy and Terms of Use can be viewed on-line HERE.8. Data SecurityWe have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know such data. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.9. Data RetentionWe will only retain your personal data for as long as is necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.10. Your Rights to Your Personal InformationYou have the right to request a copy of the personal information that we hold about you and to have any inaccuracies corrected. Please use the contact details at the end of the Policy if you would like to exercise this right.You can see more about this at:  https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr/individual-rights/11. Third-Party LinksOur website includes links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. We encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit.12. Contact DetailsPlease get in touch if you have any questions about any aspect of this privacy policy and in particular if you wish to object to any processing of your personal information that we carry out for our legitimate interests. We would prefer that you contact us by email.Full name of legal entity: e.GolfBusiness.com Limited 5-7 High Street, Dorchester-on-Thames, Wallingford, Oxfordshire, OX10 7HH UK gbc@golfbusinesslinks.netEGBC GDPR Privacy Policy v3.23.5.18
Today's leading stories...
Algarve extends free golf bag booking window
Murrayshall unveils plans for phase two of major investment project
Oceantee becomes official LET supplier
An Exciting Final Day For The 2020 CPG Annual Congress