http://www.dressageireland.ie/privacy-policy
Menu
Homepage
Suggestion Box
FAQ
News
News
Search The News
Notices
Shows
Dates at a Glance
Show Notices
Official Entry Forms etc
Enter Online
Dressage Ireland Tests
Eastern Region
Leinster Region
Midland & Western
North Munster Region
South Eastern Region
South Munster Region
National Winter Finals
National Championships
Results
Results Overview
Results Database
National Winter Finals
National Championships
Roll of Honour
Training
Training Notices
Judges Training Notices
Judges
Judges List
Judges Training
Judges Training Notices
Judges Committee
International
Silver Spurs
Silver Spurs
Para Equestrian
Members
Membership
New Members
Horse Registration
Online Registration
Find Your Number
Dressage Test Information
Grading & Points
Rulebook
Vaccination & Passports
Anti Doping Policy
Child Protection
FEI Conduct Rules
Downloads
Contacts
Administration Office
Communications Officer
Child Protection Officer
Judges Committee
Regional Contacts
Board
Links
Dressage Ireland
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Data Protection Statement
Dressage Ireland website
This statement relates to our privacy practices in connection with this website. We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of other websites. Any external links to other websites are clearly identifiable as such.
General statement
Dressage Ireland fully respects your right to privacy, and will not collect any personal information about you on this website without your clear permission. Any personal information which you volunteer to us will be treated with the highest standards of security and confidentiality, strictly in accordance with the Data Protection Acts, 1988 & 2003 and the General Data Protection Regulation, which is in force since the 25th May 2018
Collection and use of personal information
Dressage Ireland does not collect any personal data about you on this website, apart from information which you volunteer (for example by filling out an online application form). Any information which you provide in this way is not made available to any third parties and is used by Dressage Ireland only in line with the purpose for which you provided it. Your personal data may also be anonymised and used for statistical purposes. Dressage Ireland keeps information in order to provide services of the highest standard possible.
Requests regarding data supplied via this website
On request, Dressage Ireland will supply copies of your personal data to you. If you wish to obtain such copies, you must write to Dressage Ireland at the address below or email admin@dressageireland.ie. You should include any personal identifiers which you supplied earlier via the website (e.g. Name; address; phone number; e-mail address). Your request is free of charge, will be dealt with as soon as possible and will take not more than 40 days to process.
If you discover that this office holds inaccurate information about you, you can request that Dressage Ireland correct that information. Such a request must be in writing or via e-mail. In certain circumstance you may also request that data which you have supplied via the website be deleted.
Complaints about data processed via the website.
If you are concerned about how personal data are processed via this website, please do not hesitate to bring such concerns to the attention of Dressage Ireland at the contact details below.
Collection and use of technical information, including IP addresses
This website uses cookie technology. A cookie is a little piece of text stored by the browser on your computer, at the request of our server. Our cookies are not available to other websites. You are always free to decline our cookies, if your browser permits, or to ask your browser to indicate when a cookie is being sent. You can also delete cookie files from your computer at your discretion. Note that if you decline our cookies or ask for notification each time a cookie is being sent, this may affect your ease of use of this website.
Technical details in connection with visits to this website are logged by our internet service provider for our statistical purposes. No information is collected that could be used by us to identify website visitors. The technical details logged are confined to the following items:
the IP address of the visitor's web server.
the top-level domian name used(dor example .ie,.com,.org,.net).
the previous website address from which the visitor reached us, including any search terms used.
clickstream data which shows the traffic of visitors around this web site (for example pages accessed and cocuments downloaded).
the type of web browser used by the website visitor.
The site will record any data you supply to us for the following purposes:
to create your membership profile and allow for online show entry and renewal of membership.
to allow you to access your membership and competition pages.
Dressage Ireland will make no attempt to identify individual visitors, or to associate the technical details listed above with any individual. It is the policy of Dressage Ireland never to disclose such technical information in respect of individual website visitors to any third party (apart from our internet service provider, which records such data on our behalf and which is bound by confidentiality provisions in this regard), unless obliged to disclose such information by a rule of law. The technical information will be used only by Dressage Ireland, and only for statistical and other administrative purposes.
If you have any queries about this website or find any errors then contact us at