http://www.beesunited.org.uk/privacy-notice/
Privacy Notice
We, at Bees United, endeavour to treat personal and confidential organisational information with equal care and respect. To reflect this, we are committed to upholding the statements below.
What do we use information for?
We use the information that we collect for a number of purposes, specifically to:
Keep members updated about the activities Bees United
Update members in relation to their membership
We collect only the personal information required to provide members with updates to and about their membership. This includes:
Name and Address
Contact details such as email and telephone phone numbers
Where we collect personal information, we do so on the basis that:
the individual, has specifically consented
an individual, has or is entering into a contract with us
Where we do seek to collect personal information through our website, we will be up-front, clear and open about this. We will make it evident when we are collecting personal information and will explain what we intend to do with it.
When you provide personal information, we will enter and store it in our database and use it to deliver the purposes listed above.
Your rights
Your personal information is owned by you. If you have any questions or issues with the way in which we are using your data, you have the following rights:
You can ask to see what data we hold on you (right of access)
You can ask for information to be corrected
You can ask to receive a copy of the data we hold on you (right to portability)
You can ask us to delete any information we have about you (right to be forgotten)
You can object to the way in which we use your information
You can complain to the supervisory authority, the Information Commissioners Office (See ICO Site)
If you wish to use any of these rights, then you can do so by emailing admin@beesunited.org.uk or at our contact address (below)
Retention and data storage
When we store data, reasonable measures are taken to protect personal information from access by unauthorised persons.
This information will be stored, archived and secured.
In order to maintain the accuracy and relevancy of information, we perform checks every 12 months and this may include making contact with the subjects of the data to check details.
When we do store information, we keep it for the following periods:
Correspondence not relating to a contract will be retained for 1 year following its creation.
Records and documents relating to contracts and insurance policies will be retained for 7 years after the end of the contract or policy.
Other Information will be kept for periods as defined in our retention policies which can be provided on request.
Having reviewed the nature, sensitivity and scale of the data Bees United would control, we believe that a DPO is not required.
Where else does data go?
As a principle we do not share any of the personal information that we hold other than in the interest of the data subject. Therefore, in the course of providing member services, some data does get transferred outside of Bees United:
To process payments the relevant information will be passed to our Bank or Payment Providers
To share membership information with Brentford FC
Where we do collect personal information, this will be stored on our membership database (where will this be).
If you need more information, here’s who can help:
Data Controller: Bees United is a data controller and can be contacted at the address below:
Bees UnitedGriffin ParkBrentfordMiddlesexTW8 0NT
Why Join us?
NEWSLETTER
By joining us for free you will get a monthly newsletter, which often has Brentford content you won't have seen anywhere else.
Join Today
EVENTS
The right to attend events such as our Annual General Meeting and, if you are interested, stand for election to our own Bees United Board.
Join Today
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it. Find out more.Accept