http://www.dallascowboys.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Advertising
Privacy Policy
Last Edited: October 14, 2020
1. Introduction.
Welcome to Dallas Cowboys Official Site ("Dallas Cowboys," "Site," or "it"), a web-based software toolset operated by Dallas Cowboys Football Club, Ltd. and the National Football League (collectively, the "Providers"). This page explains the Privacy Policy (as defined below) that governs the use of the Site's online and/or mobile services, website, software, and/or any other content provided on or in connection with the service (collectively the "Service" or "Services").
Provider and all other related entities respect users' privacy and value their trust and confidence. This privacy policy (the "Privacy Policy") applies to the Services that link to or post this Privacy Policy, and explains how Provider collects, uses, and discloses information through the Services. This Privacy Policy incorporates by reference Site's General Terms of Use Agreement which can be viewed by using the following link: https://www.dallascowboys.com/terms. By using the Services, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to Provider websites that do not link to this Privacy Policy or to information collected by the thirty-two individual NFL member clubs (the "Member Clubs"). In some instances, it may direct you to a site that is operated by a third party service provider. Even though the page where you provide information may have the look and feel of the Services, a different privacy policy may govern that information collection by Provider's third party service provider.
2. Information Collection.
You generally are not required to provide information about yourself when you visit the Services. However, it may ask you for some or all of the following types of information when you register with the Services, sign up for contests or sweepstakes, participate in surveys, access various content or features, submit comments or content, use a send-to-a-friend feature, or directly contact Provider with questions or feedback:
Contact information, such as name, e-mail address, postal address, and telephone number;
Unique identifiers, such as a user name or password;
Demographic information, such as gender; device type, operating system version and mobile carrier
Financial information, such as credit card or other payment information;
Geolocation information;
Device Information, such as activity on the device, which applications are running, browsing history, and bookmarks. It also collects device carrier, operating system type and version; This is to help Provider ensure you have the best browsing experience possible.
Communications preferences;
Search queries;
Comments and other information posted in the Site's interactive online forums, including photos, voice recordings and video recordings;
Correspondence and other information that you send to Provider; and
Additional information as otherwise described to you at the point of collection or pursuant to your consent.
Site may also collect certain information automatically when you visit the Services, including:
Your Internet Protocol address, which is the number automatically assigned to your computer whenever you access the Internet and that can sometimes be used to derive your general geographic area;
Other unique identifiers, including mobile device identification numbers;
Your browser type and operating system;
Sites you visited before and after visiting the Services;
Pages you view and links you click on within the Services;
Information collected through cookies, web beacons, Local Shared Objects, and other technologies;
Information about your interactions with e-mail messages, such as the links clicked on and whether the messages web received, opened, or forwarded; and
Standard Server Log Information
3. Use of Information.
Site may use information that it collects through the Services for a variety of purposes, including to:
Provide you with the products, promotions, services, newsletters, and information you request and respond to correspondence that it receive from you;
Contact you via email and otherwise about your account, products, services, contests, and events that it thinks might be of interest to you;
Send you promotional material or special offers on Provider's behalf or on behalf of Provider's marketing partners and/or their respective affiliates and subsidiaries and other third parties;
Maintain or administer the Services, perform business analyses, or for other internal purposes to improve the quality of Provider's business, the Services, and other products and services it offers;
Publish stories, comments, photos, voice recordings, video recordings, and other information posted in the Site's interactive online features;
Process employment applications and inquiries;
Customize and personalize your use of the Services; and
As otherwise described to you at the point of collection or pursuant to your consent.
4. Sharing of Information.
Site is committed to maintaining your trust, and it wants you to understand when and with whom it may share the information it collects. At times, as described below, it may share your personal information with others for various purposes:
Service Providers: Site may share your information with service providers that perform certain functions or services on Provider's behalf (such as to host the Services, fulfill orders, provide products and services, manage databases; perform analyses, process credit card payments, provide customer service, or send communications for Provider). These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to Provider.
Subsidiaries and Affiliates: Site may share your information with all members of the NFL Family, including, without limitation, Provider's subsidiaries and affiliates (e.g., NFL Properties LLC, NFL International LLC, NFL Enterprises LLC, NFL Ventures, L.P., NFL Ventures, Inc.), Provider's subsidiaries and affiliates for business purposes described herein.
Member Clubs: Site may share your information with Member Clubs, each of whom has its own privacy policy, which is available on the Member Clubs' respective websites.
Select Business Partners: With your prior permission, Provider may share your information with select business partners so that they can provide you with special offers, promotional materials, and other materials that may be of interest to you. For example, you may be presented with an opportunity to have certain information shared with Provider's third party business partners when you enter a contest or sweepstakes or elect to receive marketing offers or other information. If you do not elect to have your information shared, it will not be shared with such third parties. Site takes measures to help ensure that Provider's partners protect the confidentiality, integrity, and security of any information it shares with them. However, Site is not responsible for the privacy practices of Provider's business partners, which may use your information for their own purposes.
Contests and Sweepstakes: In some cases, a third party may operate or host a contest or sweepstakes on the Services and collect your information. In those cases, Site urges you to review the third party's privacy policy for that contest or sweepstakes before participating. Site takes measures to help ensure that Provider's partners protect the confidentiality, integrity, and security of any information it shares with them. However, Site is not responsible for the privacy practices of Provider's business partners, which may use your information for their own purposes. Site recommends you read their respective privacy policies in advance.
Surveys: Site may provide you the opportunity to participate in contests or surveys. If you participate, it will request certain personally identifiable information from you. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information. The requested information typically includes contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code). It may use a third party service provider to conduct these surveys or contests; that company will be prohibited from using Provider's users' personally identifiable information for any other purpose. Site will not share the personally identifiable information you provide through a contest or survey with other third parties unless it gives you prior notice and choice.
Third-Party Ad Serving and Audience and Traffic Measurement Services: Site may use third-parties to serve advertisements on the Services. These third parties may set their own cookies or similar web technologies to collect information about users' online activities over time and across different websites. You may manage your preferences by using the following link: http://preferences-mgr.truste.com/. The Services may feature Nielsen proprietary measurement software, which will allow users to contribute to market research, such as Nielsen TV Ratings. Nielsen believes that you should have a choice about whether to contribute to the Site's research and insights. To opt out of Nielsen measurement, you need only to activate the "Limit Ad Tracking" (for iOS devices) or "Opt out of Ads Personalization" (for Android devices) option in your devices settings. For web, please visit: http://www.nielsen.com/digitalprivacy to learn more about the Nielsen digital measurement products and your choices in regard to them.
Business Transfer: If Site sells all or part of its business, or makes a sale or transfer of assets, or is otherwise involved in a merger or business transfer, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy, a business reorganization, or similar event, Site may transfer your information as part of such transaction.
Administrative or Legal Process: Site may disclose your information to third parties in order to protect the legal rights, safety, and security of Provider, the NFL, its corporate affiliates, subsidiaries, business partners, and the users of the Services; enforce its Terms of Use; respond to and resolve claims or complaints; prevent fraud or for risk management purposes; and comply with or respond to law enforcement or legal process or a request for cooperation by a government or other entity, whether or not legally required.
Interactive Features: Site may share information with third parties when you post information to a user profile or account, or a public area of the Services, such as a chat room, forum, blog, or other community tool. If you post to these interactive features, it will be publicly available and you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties. Site cannot ensure that parties who have access to such information will respect your privacy. Please exercise caution when using these features.
Other Parties with Your Express Consent: Site may share information with third parties when you consent to such sharing. For example, if you win a contest or sweepstakes, Site may ask your permission to publicly post certain information on the Services identifying you as the winner.
Aggregate Information: Site may share aggregate information, such as demographics and usage statistics, with advertisers, sponsors or other organizations.
Geo-Location Data and Services Providers: Site may share your geo-location data with service providers that perform certain functions or services on Provider's behalf (such as to host the Services, fulfill orders, provide products and services, manage databases, perform analyses, process credit card payments, provide customer service, or send communications for Provider). These companies are authorized to use your geo-location data only as necessary to provide these services to Provider.
Geo-Location Data and Third Parties:
Site may share your geo-location data with third parties for the purpose of them serving you ads for places in your area.
5. Tracking Technologies & Cookies.
===
Technologies such as: cookies, beacons, tags, and scripts are used by the Provider and its marketing partners, affiliates, and other service providers such as analytics providers and e-commerce providers. These technologies are used in analyzing trends, administering the Site, tracking users' movements around the Site and gathering demographic information about Provider's user base as a whole. Site may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis. Site uses cookies for various purposes as described above and in addition to remember users' settings (e.g., language preference) and for authentication. Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you reject cookies, you may still use the Site, but your ability to use some features or areas of the Site may be limited.
As is true of most websites, Site gathers information automatically and store it in log files. This information may include Internet Protocol address, browser type, internet service provider, referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and or clickstream data. Site may combine this automatically collected log information with other information it collects about you. It does this to improve services it offers to you, and to improve marketing, analytics and Site functionality.
Site uses Local Storage Objects ("LSO") such as HTML5 of Flash to store content information and preferences. Third parties with whom Site partners to provide certain features or to display advertising based upon your web browsing activity use LSOs such as HTML 5 or Flash to collect and store information. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5 LSOs. To manage Flash LSOs, please click here: http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager07.html.
By using the Services, you consent to Site's use of cookies and similar technologies. You can decide if and how your computer will accept a cookie by configuring your preferences or options in your browser. However, if you choose to reject cookies and similar technologies, you may not be able to use certain online products, services or features on the Services.
6. Behavioral/ Re-Targeting.
Site partners with a third party ad network to either display advertising on its website or to manage its advertising on other sites. Provider's ad network partner uses cookies and web beacons to collect personal information about your activities on this and other websites. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads, you may opt-out by clicking http://preferences-mgr.truste.com/ or if located in the European Union http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/. Please note that this does not opt you out of being served advertising. You will continue to receive generic ads.
7. Social Media Platforms ("SMP").
Provider works with certain third-party social media providers to offer you their social networking services through the Services. For example, you can use third-party social networking services, including but not limited to Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, and others, now known or developed in the future, to share information about your experience on the Services with your friends and followers on those social networking services. These social networking services may be able to collect information about you, including your activity on the Services. These third-party social networking services also may notify your friends, both on the Services and on the social networking services themselves, that you are a user of the Services or about your use of the Services, in accordance with applicable law and their own privacy policies. If you choose to access or make use of third-party social networking services, it may receive information about you that you have made available to those social networking services, including information about your contacts on those social networking services. Your interactions with those social networking services are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
You also may be able to link an account from a social networking service (e.g., Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, etc.) to an account through the Services. This may allow you to use your credentials from the other websites or services to sign in to certain features on the Services. If you link your account from a third-party site or service, it may collect information from those third-party accounts, and any information that Site collects will be governed by this Privacy Policy.
8. Public Profile.
The profile or account that you create on the Site will be publicly accessible unless otherwise indicated. You may change the privacy settings of your profile through your account portal.
9. Links to Other Websites.
The Services may contain links to other websites or online services that are operated and maintained by third parties and that are not under Provider's control or maintained by Provider. Such links do not constitute an endorsement by Provider of those other websites, the content displayed therein, or the persons or entities associated therewith. This Privacy Policy does not apply to this third-party content. Site encourages you to review the privacy policies of these third-party websites or services.
10. Mobile Applications
When you download and use Site's mobile app, Provider automatically collects information on the type of device you use and operating system version. Certain features within the app, such as playing a game, may require you to log into your Facebook account to use them. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
Provider may send you push notifications from time to time in order to update you about any events or promotions that Provider may be running. If you no longer wish to receive these types of communications, you may turn them off at the device level.
Provider may collect your location based information for the purpose of locating a place that you may be searching for in your area. Provider will only share this information with Provider's mapping provider for the sole purpose of providing you this service. Provider may share your geolocation data with third parties for the purpose of them serving you ads for places (such as restaurants) in your area. If you do not wish to allow Provider to share your information in this manner please opt-out by contacting Provider at dataprivacy@dallascowboys.net. You may opt-out of location based services at any time by editing the setting at the device level or by emailing Provider at dataprivacy@dallascowboys.net.
Provider may work in conjunction with third party partners who may use technologies such as geofencing and beacons to identify fans attending a game, and contact fans via an in-app feature in order to specify geofencing purpose. Any personal information collected may be used for located based messaging. To opt-out of geofencing, you may disable the app's location permissions on your device.
Site uses mobile analytics software to allow it to better understand the functionality of its Mobile Software on your phone. This software may record information such as how often you use the application, the events that occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance data, and the source from which the application was downloaded. Site does not link the information it stores within the analytics software to any personally identifiable information you submit within the mobile app.
11. Security.
Site has adopted generally accepted standards to help protect against loss, misuse, and unauthorized access to the information you provide to Provider. When you enter sensitive information (such as a credit card number) and geo-location, it encrypts the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology.
Please note that no data transmission or storage can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while Site strives to protect your information and privacy, it cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you disclose or transmit to the Services. Therefore, Site cannot be responsible for the theft, destruction, or inadvertent disclosure of your information.
12. Children's Privacy
12A. Scope.
Site may collect personal information from users who are under the age of thirteen (13) through their use of the Services. To the extent that this type of personal information is collected, Site does so in compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (15 U.S.C. 6501 et seq.) ("COPPA").
COPPA requires Site to inform parents and legal guardians about how Provider collects, uses, and discloses personal information from Site users under the age of 13. It also requires that Site obtains parental consent before it allows Children under the age of 13 to use certain features of the Site. By using the Services, you agree to the terms of this section of Site's Privacy Policy (individually, the "Children's Privacy Policy").
This Children's Privacy Policy incorporates by reference Site's General Terms of Use Agreement which can be viewed by using the following link: https://www.dallascowboys.com/terms. As used in this Children's Privacy Policy, the following terms have the following meanings:
"Parent" includes legal guardians.
"Child" or "Children" means a user or users that are under the age of 13.
"Personal Information" or "Profile Information" means individually identifiable information including personal information such as a username, first and last name, birthdate, phone number, email address, and other contact information collected through Child user's use of the Site's Services or when Child user registers for an account. Depending on the specific Service accessed, additional information may be collected if the Child user creates a player profile, including but not limited to, height, weight, photograph and/or video and other biographical or personal information, and information about the Child user's performance or information relating to the Child user's team, league, or organization.
"Organization" means any association of which the Child user is a member or intends to apply for membership by registering online or authorizing to enter the Child user's information into their website.
For more information about COPPA, use the following link: https://www.ftc.gov/enforcement/rules/rulemaking-regulatory-reform-proceedings/childrens-online-privacy-protection-rule.
12B. Parental Consent.
Site is required by COPPA to use reasonable efforts to ensure that, before it collects any personal information from a Child, the Child user's parent receives notice of and consents to Site's information collection and disclosure practices. Parents should know that through use of the Site Services, Child users under the age of 13 may participate in activities that involve the collection or use of personal information. However, Child users may not participate in any Site activities without a parent's permission.
If a user is under age 13, Site must have "verifiable parental consent" before it collects and uses the Child user's personal information. Site accomplishes this by requiring parents to provide their name and e-mail address to Site prior to the collection of the Child user's information, together with an acknowledgement of the fact that their Child is under 13.
12C. Information Site Collects & How Site Collects It.
Site's General Terms of Use Agreement and this Privacy Policy set forth the information that Site collects from both Children and users who are over the age of 13. This information is collected in the same manner regardless of a user's age but in the instance of a Child under 13, only with the Parent's consent.
A Parent has many tools to monitor and supervise the Child's activities on the Site. For example, Site requires that Parent provides his or her e-mail address as a prerequisite of the Child user's account creation. Therefore, a Parent can edit his or her Child's account profile, turn on and off notifications, and monitor all postings to the Site by their Child or other Users using the Service. Site encourages Parents to always closely monitor their Children's use of the Services.
12D. Tracking Child Users' Activities on the Site.
When a Child user is logged into his or her account, Site may track the Child's activities within the Site. For example, Site may track the pages visited, the length of time spent logged in, the information submitted about preferences, and comments posted via the Service. This information is associated with the Child's account and may be combined with the personally identifiable information Site collects from him or her.
Site may partner with third parties to provide content and/or to display targeted advertisements. Site will not share a Child user's personally identifiable information with these third parties. However, some of these third parties may use tracking technologies, such as cookies and Web beacons, in order to track user activity. Provider does not exercise control over or have access to these tracking technologies or the information practices of these parties, which are subject to the privacy policies of these third parties.
Parents may request information from Site on the type of data being collected, view their Child's information, and, if they choose, prohibit Provider from making further use of their Child's information. For more information on how to do this, see the section below entitled "How to Review, Exclude or Alter the Information Collected from Child Users."
12E. How to Review, Exclude or Alter the Information Collected from Child Users.
Parents can review their Child's personal information at any time by accessing their account or profile. Parents may remove access for their Child or exclude their Child's account entirely. Parents can also have their Child's personal information excluded and refuse to permit further collection of such information by Site.
If Parents wish to view, delete or modify the information that Site collected about their Child, or if Parents want to exclude their Child's account or profile, Parents may do this by directly accessing the Child user's account or profile, or by e-mailing Provider at dataprivacy@dallascowboys.net. However, Parents should understand that even after removal, Child users' content may remain viewable in cached and archived pages, or by other users if they previously copied or stored such content.
12F. Data Security.
Site cares about the security of Child users' information, and uses commercially reasonable physical, administrative, and technological safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of all information collected through the Site Services. However, no security system is impenetrable and Site cannot guarantee the security of its systems or privacy protection mechanisms. In the event that any information under Site's control is compromised as a result of a breach of security, Site will take reasonable steps to investigate the situation and where appropriate, notify those users whose information may have been compromised. Site warrants that it will take other steps, in accordance with any applicable laws and regulations in response to such events.
12G. Changes to this Children's Privacy Policy.
Site reserves the right to amend this Children's Privacy Policy at any time. Site encourages Parents to check this page periodically for changes. Site will post the date on which this Children's Privacy Policy were made to alert users that an updated policy is in place.
13. Access, Choice and Retention.
Upon request Provider will provide you with information about whether Provider holds any of your personal information. If your information changes, or if you no longer desire to use the Services, you may access or correct your personal information or request your information be excluded from future use by Provider for the purposes set forth herein by signing into your account and making the required changes, by emailing Provider at dataprivacy@dallascowboys.net or by contacting Provider by postal mail at the contact information listed below. Provider will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe.
Provider will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. Provider will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with Provider's legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce Provider's agreements.
You may choose to receive promotional emails, newsletters, push notifications, and similar communications from Site. You may opt out of receiving commercial emails from Provider by clicking on the opt-out or "unsubscribe" link included in the commercial e-mails you receive or by turning off push notifications at the device level. Please note that opt-out requests may take up to ten (10) days to be effective. Your opt-out request will not apply to messages that you request or that are not commercial in nature. For example, Site may contact you concerning any purchases you have made with Provider, even if you opt out of receiving unsolicited commercial email messages.
If your information changes, or if you no longer desire to use the Services, you may request that it update or remove certain information by signing into your account and making the required changes or by contacting Provider by postal mail at the contact information listed below. Site will respond to your request within a commercially reasonable timeframe.
14. Your California Privacy Rights; California Consumer Privacy Act.
This California Consumer Privacy Act Notice ("Notice") provides additional information to California residents whose personal information is processed by Provider pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA"). If you are not a California resident, this Notice does not apply to you.
14A. Categories of Personal Information Collected and Disclosed
During the preceding 12 months, Provider has collected the following categories of personal information that are processed pursuant to the CCPA: (1) identifiers, such as your contact information and online account information; (2) Internet and electronic network activity information, such as information about your interactions with Provider's websites, mobile applications, and social media pages; (3) audio, electronic, or visual information; (4) professional information; (5) education information; (6) inferences about you, including about your preferences; (7) other information as described above that may be considered personal information under Cal. Civ. Code Section 1798.80; (8) protected classifications under California or federal law; (9) commercial information including records or products or services purchased; (10) biometric information; (11) geolocation data.
As set forth in the Policy, Provider discloses personal information to third parties for business purposes, including without limitation, for purposes of advertising, marketing, and other services performed on Provider's behalf, to protect against fraud and malicious activity, and for other business purposes described in the Policy. During the preceding 12 months, Provider has disclosed each of the above-listed categories of personal information for such business purposes. In addition, your information may be accessible to third parties with whom you interact or direct Provider to share your information through Provider services.
14B. CCPA Rights
The CCPA allows California residents to request that a business that collects consumers' personal information give consumers access, upon a verifiable consumer request, in a portable and (if technically feasible) readily usable form, to the specific pieces and categories of personal information that the business has collected about the consumer, the categories of sources for that information, the business or commercial purposes for collecting the information, and the categories of third parties with which the information was shared. California residents also have the right to submit a request for deletion of personal information under certain circumstances, although there may be legal or other reasons that Provider must retain your information consistent with California law. Provider will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights and choices, although some of the functionality and features available to you may change or no longer be available to you. Any differences in the services are related to the value provided.
Please submit your request by visiting https://www.dallascowboys.com/ccpa-compliance or by calling toll-free 1-844-567-4653. Once Provider receives your request, Provider may verify it by requesting information sufficient to confirm your identity. If you would like to use an authorized agent registered with the California Secretary of State to exercise your rights, Provider may request evidence that you have provided such agent with power of attorney or that the agent otherwise has valid written authority to submit requests to exercise rights on your behalf. Provider reserves the right to deny requests in certain circumstances, such as where Provider has a reasonable belief that the request is fraudulent.
15. Changes to this Privacy Policy.
===
Site may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to its information practices. If Site makes any material changes, it will notify you by means of a notice on the Services prior to the change becoming effective. Site encourages you to periodically review this page for the latest information on Provider's privacy practices.
Provider may amend this Privacy Policy at any time. Your continued use of the Services after any modification to the Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of the new terms. Provider encourages you to periodically review this page for the latest information on Provider's privacy practices.
16. International Users.
Please note that the Services are directed towards users who reside in the United States. By using the Services, you consent to the collection, storage, processing, and transfer of your information in and to the United States, or other countries and territories, pursuant to the laws of the United States. While some of these countries may not offer the same level of privacy protection as your own, Site commits to uphold the privacy protections as explained in this Policy.
17. Contact Us.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the privacy practices of the Services, please contact Provider by email at dataprivacy@dallascowboys.net or write to Site at the following address:
Dallas Cowboys Football Club, Ltd.
Attn: Website Privacy Policy
With Copy To: Legal Department
One Cowboys Way, Suite 100
Frisco, Texas 75034
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that Provider has not addressed satisfactorily, please contact Provider's U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.
Advertising
Big left arrow icon
Big right arrow icon
Close icon
Copy Url
Three dots icon
Down arrow icon
Email icon
Email icon
Exit Fullscreen icon
External link icon
Facebook logo
Football icon
Facebook logo
Instagram logo
Snapchat logo
YouTube logo
TikTok logo
Spotify logo
LinkedIn logo
Grid icon
Key icon
Left arrow icon
Link icon
Location icon
Mail icon
Menu icon
Open icon
Phone icon
Play icon
Radio icon
Rewind icon
Right arrow icon
Search icon
Select icon
Selected icon
TV icon
Twitter logo
Twitter logo
Up arrow icon
User icon
Audio icon
Tickets iconAdd to calendar iconNFC icon
AFC icon
NFL icon
Carousel IconList ViewWebsite
InstagramTwitterFacebookSnapchatShop IconProfile Overlay
AvatarAddAirplayArrow LeftArrow RightArrow UpArrow DownAudioBack 5sBack 10sBack 30sCalendarChartCheckDownLeftRightUpChromecast OffChromecast OnCloseClosed CaptionsBench OffBench OnBroad OffBroad OnVertical OffVertical OnCommentDockDoneDownloadDraftFantasyFilterForward 5sForward 10sForward 30sFull Screen OffFull Screen OnGamepassGamesInsightsKeyLeaveLiveCombineDraftFantasyMenu GamesMenu NetworkMenu NewsMenu PlayoffsMenu Pro BowlMenu ShopMenu StandingsMenu StatsMenu Super BowlMenu TeamsMenu TicketsMenuMore HorizontalMore VerticalMy LocationNetworkNewsPauseplayMultiple PlayersSingle PlayerPlaylistPlayoffsPro BowlPurgeRefreshRemoveReplaySearchSettingsShare AndroidShare Copy URLShare EmailShare FacebookShare InstagramShare iOSShare SnapchatShare TwitterSkip NextSkip PreviousStandingsStarStatsSwapTeamsTicketsVideoVisibility OffVisibility OnVolume HiVolume LowVolume MediumVolume MuteWarningWebsite
Caret downCaret upAt
The browser you are using is no longer supported on this site. It is highly recommended that you use the latest versions of a supported browser in order to receive an optimal viewing experience. The following browsers are supported: Chrome, Edge (v80 and later), Firefox and Safari.
Got it!