http://www.sentryworld.com/terms-and-conditions
Toggle menu
GOLF
COURSE TOUR
TEE TIMES AND RATES
GROUP OUTINGS
LESSONS AND PROGRAMS
PRACTICE FACILITY
INDOOR PRACTICE FACILITY
GOLF CARTS
CADDIES
ACCOMMODATIONS
PRO SHOP
DINING
PJ'S
MUSE
MEETINGS AND EVENTS
SERVICES
MEETING AND EVENT VENUES
INFORMATION CENTER
EXECUTIVE MEETINGS
CONFERENCES AND BANQUETS
EVENT ACTIVITIES
MEET OUR TEAM
WEDDINGS
SERVICES
WEDDING VENUES
INFORMATION CENTER
REHEARSAL DINNERS
OFF SEASON WEDDINGS
MEET OUR TEAM
FIELDHOUSE
LEAGUES
VOLLEYBALL
TENNIS
BEAN BAG TOSS
FIELDHOUSE RATES
FIELDHOUSE AVAILABILITY
WHAT'S HAPPENING
PHOTO GALLERIES
GOLF
WEDDING
PJ'S
MEETING AND EVENT
FIELDHOUSE
SPECIAL EVENTS
ABOUT US
AWARDS
2014 COURSE REDESIGN
HISTORY
CONTACT US
715-345-1600
SentryWorld—Terms and Conditions
WEBSITE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE
Welcome to sentryworld.com, owned and operated by Sentry Services, LLC (“Sentry Services”). These website Terms and Conditions of Use (“Terms”) govern your access to and use of this website and all related pages, information, databases, materials, and services (collectively, the “Site”). These Terms form a contract between you and Sentry Services. If you do not agree to be bound by these Terms, you may not access or use the Site. Use of the Site indicates your acceptance of these Terms and Sentry Services website Privacy Policy. Please scroll down through these Terms to review provisions regarding arbitration, limitation of liability, waivers, indemnities, and other important provisions.
If you have questions regarding these Terms, please call 715-346-8789.
License
You may only use this Site if you are at least 18 years of age. By accessing any portion of the Site, you have a limited license to use the Site, including the limited right to view, bookmark, download, and print, for your non-commercial, personal use and information only, those pages of the Site that interest you, subject to any other terms and conditions of use and/or payment in these Terms or on the Site. These Terms cannot be waived or modified by any oral communications between you and Sentry Services.
Updating terms
Sentry Services reserves the right, at its discretion, to change, delete, and update portions of these Terms or other policies that govern use of the Site at its discretion, at any time, for any reason, including the right to terminate the Site and any related services. You should review these Terms periodically for changes. Any amendments and modifications by Sentry Services will be prospective only, and unless otherwise provided in this Agreement, will be effective upon being posted on the Site. The Terms can be accessed from the link at the bottom of each Site page. If you use the Site after we post changes to the Terms, you agree to the changed Terms.
If you have an account or other relationship with Sentry Services, then that relationship is governed by the agreement specific to that particular account or relationship, provided that nothing in these other agreements shall diminish the protections and rights provided to Sentry Services under these Terms. Except as may be expressly provided in additional terms of use for specific areas of the Site or the above-referenced agreements, these Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and Sentry Services with respect to the use of the Site.
SentryWorld Golf Course policies
SentryWorld Golf Course has policies in place regarding participation in activities offered at its facility, including tee time cancellations, rain checks, pairings, carry-ons, and appropriate attire. Your participation in the activities offered at SentryWorld Golf Course is subject to these policies. You should review these policies before participating in activities at SentryWorld Golf Course.
SentryWorld: Online tee time reservations payment terms
Sentry Services uses a third-party vendor to facilitate online reservation of tee times at SentryWorld Golf Course (the “Online Reservation System”). Your use of the Online Reservation System indicates your acceptance of these additional Online Tee Time Reservation Payment Terms (the “Payment Terms”). A major credit/debit card is required to reserve your tee time. Sentry Services is offering the opportunity to reserve tee times online, and the corresponding payment services, as a convenience option to you. Your use of the Online Reservation System indicates your acceptance of the Terms, as well as these Payment Terms. In addition, you should review our Privacy Policy. Our Policy includes important information about the type of information we collect about you, how we collect that information, and what we do with that information.
Authentication and authorization for online tee time reservations
The Online Reservation System incorporates commercially reasonable methods to authenticate the information that you have supplied for making a payment through the Online Reservation System. You will not be able to submit a payment method until the Online Reservation System confirms the debit/credit card account you have provided is valid.
As the user of the Online Reservation System you will have submitted your debit/credit card account (as applicable, your “Designated Account”) information. You are responsible for any legal, regulatory, or banking penalties and fees that may be assessed for supplying false information for use with the Online Reservation System.
In accordance with SentryWorld’s policies, Sentry Services will charge your Designated Account for the full price of all tee times made on the Online Reservation System that are not cancelled at least 24 hours in advance if you, or any members of your party for which you have reserved tee times, do not show up. In such cases, your Designated Account will be charged at tee time. By using the Online Reservation System, you authorize Sentry Services, through the Online Reservation System, to initiate a charge to your Designated Account according to your instructions at tee time.
By using the Online Reservation System, you acknowledge that Sentry Services will send electronic communications regarding payments to the email address you provided in accordance with the Online Reservation System.
By using the Online Reservation System, you acknowledge that Sentry Services will retain information you provided in connection with the Online Reservation System related to you and your Designated Account in accordance with any applicable laws, rules, or regulations, or as Sentry Services is required to do so to comply with its contractual obligations.
By using the Online Reservation System, you agree that:
No payment, or any portion of a payment, will be considered paid until Sentry Services actually charges your Designated Account and receives payment;
If your Designated Account has insufficient funds or limit on the effective date of the withdrawal, Sentry Services may (but is not obligated to) attempt a second withdrawal a few days later and any charges for the initial non-payment or second payment will be paid by you. You will be responsible for any late fees on any payment that is delayed as a result of insufficient funds or limit;
If your payment is not honored for any reason by your debit/credit card company, you are still responsible for making your payment and you will be responsible for any associated late fees; and
Sentry Services will incur no liability if your Designated Account has an insufficient limit or insufficient funds available.
By using the Online Reservation System, you represent and warrant that:
You are 18 years old or older;
You are using your actual identity and any information you provide is accurate and complete;
You are authorized to make payments using the Designated Account;
You have read and agreed to our Privacy Policy;
Your use of the Online Reservation System and associated payment services will not violate any local, state, national, or international laws or regulations.
Application security
The Online Reservation System uses Secure Socket Layer (SSL) 128-bit encryption for all transmissions of consumer data in order to assure privacy.
Services information
Without limiting the disclaimer language in these Terms, the information contained on this Site is believed to be accurate at the time of posting. However, from time to time, Sentry Services may find it necessary to make revisions. Sentry Services reserves the right to make all such changes without notice.
Sentry Services website registration and personal information and unauthorized use
You may be required to provide information about yourself (such as identification or contact details) as part of the registration process for access to certain portions of the Site and the services provided. You agree to provide true, accurate, current, and complete information, whether through questionnaires, registration forms, or other information requests, including, without limitation, passwords, usernames, login IDs, credit card, and financial information, and other personally identifiable information (collectively, “Personal Information”). You agree not to provide Personal Information that is false, inaccurate, misleading, or fraudulent. You are solely responsible for all transactions and transmissions that occur through the use of your Personal Information, and it is your responsibility to maintain and promptly update your Personal Information. You agree that Sentry Services is not liable to you or any third party for damages or losses related to the accuracy or disclosure to Sentry Services of your Personal Information. It is your responsibility to maintain the confidentiality of your Personal Information. Sentry Services requires that you agree not to share your Personal Information with another person, nor allow another person to use your Personal Information. This requirement will assist in preventing unauthorized use or misuse of the Site and protect you, Sentry Services, and other Site users. If you believe that someone has used your Personal Information without your authorization, please call 715-346-8789.
Please review Sentry Services website Privacy Policy for more information regarding Sentry Services policies and procedures for disclosing and using your Personal Information. Subject to the website Privacy Policy, Sentry Services retains a perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide license to use and store your information (in any media, currently known or unknown) for any purpose.
Information available on site
Sentry Services relies on a variety of sources for the information it provides on the Site, including without limit information related to its services and the products it sells. This information is provided to you in good faith based on the information available to Sentry Services. Sentry Services believes that the information is current and accurate but does not guarantee it.
Restrictions on use of Sentry Services materials and the site
Your license to use the Site includes the limited right to view, bookmark, download, and print, for your non-commercial, personal use and information only, those pages of the Site that interest you. Your use of any materials or software from the Site is terminable by Sentry Services at any time under the circumstances described in these Terms.
Sentry Services or its content providers own all of the content, materials, and other intellectual property related to the Site including without limit all text, graphics, photographs, music, data, images, audio and video clips, software, names, button icons, logos, images, designs, titles, words or phrases, page headers, service names, trademarks, patents, and copyrights (collectively, “Materials”). You have no rights to the Materials, except as expressly set forth in these Terms. Any use of the Materials, except as permitted by these Terms, is expressly prohibited.
The contents and use of the Site (including Sentry Services’ name and the logos and software used in the Site) are registered and/or protected by U.S. and international copyright, trademark, and other laws. You agree to retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the Site. You may not delete or change any copyright or trademark notices, and cannot alter or modify the content in any manner without the express written permission of Sentry Services.
You further agree you may not:
Use the Site to transmit, copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit, email, or distribute in any way material or content that infringes any copyright, trademark, proprietary, or other right of any party or that violates these Terms;
Copy (except as set forth above for non-commercial personal use), modify, distribute, create any derivative or compilation work from, or display any name or logo, text, graphic images, or other content from the Site or redeliver such content using framing or similar technology;
Use any device designed to provide repeated automated access to the Site other than those made generally available by Sentry Services;
Include the Sentry Services logo, and other marks, or the names of various products and services described within the Site or any other Sentry Services trademarked materials, the name of any Sentry Services personnel, or any variation of these items as a metatag or hidden textual element, or in any other fashion that may create a false or misleading impression of affiliation, sponsorship, or endorsement between Sentry Services and you, any other party, or any other website, or otherwise use these items without Sentry Services’ express written permission;
Collect, harvest, or store personal data about other users of the Site;
Upload, email, or otherwise transmit to Sentry Services or through the Site or any Sentry Services computer network any of the following: a sexually explicit image or statement; advertising, promotional, or other unauthorized communication, including without limitation, “junk mail,” surveys, unsolicited email, “spam,” “chain letters,” “pyramid schemes,” or other inappropriate or prohibited materials; and any material that contains viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancelbots, easter eggs, or any other computer code, files, or programs that might interrupt, limit, or interfere with, damage, surreptitiously intercept, or expropriate any system, data, or information related to the Site or any computer software, hardware, or communications equipment that is owned, leased, or used by Sentry Services;
Create a link to the Site without Sentry Services' prior written permission;
Use the Site to advertise or perform any commercial solicitation;
Use the Site to post or transmit any threatening, false, misleading, abusive, harassing, libelous, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic, or profane material or any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any law.
Use any robot, spider, scraper, or any other automated means to access the Site for any purpose without Sentry Services’ express written permission;
Forge any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any email or posting;
Take any action that imposes, or may impose, in Sentry Services’ sole discretion, an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the Sentry Services infrastructure;
Interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Site or any activities conducted on the Site; or
Bypass measures used by Sentry Services to prevent or restrict access to the Site, violate or attempt to violate the security or authentication measures of the system, or attempt to prove, scan, or test the vulnerability of a system or network without proper written authorization from Sentry Services.
Sentry Services reserves the right to disclose the identity of anyone posting or transmitting any information or materials violating the above prohibitions to law enforcement authorities or pursuant to any court order requesting or directing Sentry Services to disclose such information.
Sentry Services does not represent or guarantee the truthfulness, accuracy, or reliability of communications posted by users, nor does Sentry Services endorse any opinions expressed by users or any third parties using the Site. Any reliance on material posted by other users shall be at your own risk.
Termination, removal of materials, and monitoring
These Terms are effective until terminated by either party. If you no longer agree to be bound by these Terms, you must cease use of the Site and any related services. You agree that Sentry Services may terminate, restrict, or suspend all or part of your license to access the Site and delete any content transmitted to or through the Site, at any time, at its sole discretion, without prior notice to you and without any liability to you. Sentry Services also reserves the right to take any action relating to user-submitted information that it deems necessary or appropriate if such information, as determined in Sentry Services’ sole discretion, may create liability for Sentry Services, its agents, or its contractors or may affect Sentry Services’ business relationships or contracts with its agents or its contractors. Sentry Services further reserves the right to remove any materials that are defamatory, abusive, illegal, harassing, immoral, disruptive, or do not conform to these Terms—though Sentry Services shall be under no affirmative obligation to monitor any of the foregoing or to otherwise screen or monitor any communications or information prior to their posting. You agree that Sentry Services has the right, but is not obligated, to monitor your use of the Site and any communications made by you related to such use in any manner. You release Sentry Services from any liability related to its monitoring activities. If Sentry Services denies you access to the Site, you agree to destroy all materials obtained from the Site and all copies of those materials with the exception of your personal customer-account-related materials. You acknowledge that, upon termination, Sentry Services may immediately deactivate or delete your account and all related information and files in the account and bar you from further access to the files, the Site, and any related services.
Website linking and cautions about third-party information included in site
For your general informational use only, Sentry Services may provide access to third-party websites. These links allow you to leave the Site. Sentry Services is unable to verify, and takes no responsibility for, the contents of any third-party website that may be linked to the Site via hyperlink or otherwise, whether such link is provided by Sentry Services or by a third party (including any responsibility for the accuracy, timeliness, or suitability of the content of any third-party website to which Sentry Services may link). By providing access to other websites, Sentry Services is not recommending or supporting any third party, is not recommending the purchase or sale of any products or services of a third party, and is not endorsing or acknowledging that it is affiliated with any website’s sponsoring organization. Sentry Services does not expressly, or by implication, endorse, recommend, or make any representations or warranties related to any commercial product, process, or service (whether by trade name, trademark, service mark, generic description, or referral to a distributor or manufacturer) referred to on any third-party site or related to creation of links to such site. Before relying on any information contained on any third-party website, you are cautioned to undertake your own independent evaluation of its accuracy, completeness, usefulness, timeliness, and correct sequencing, and protections against potential viruses and other malicious code in downloaded material.
Sentry Services may include third-party information in the Site for general informational purposes only. Sentry Services is unable to verify the accuracy or completeness of third-party information posted to the Site or accessible from the Site. Consequently, you agree Sentry Services does not guarantee, and is not liable to you for, the accuracy, results, completeness, authorship, or suitability of any third-party content and Sentry Services is not obligated to maintain, verify, update, or post any corrections to such third-party information for any reason. Nothing in the Site referencing any third parties with whom Sentry Services conducts business, and nothing in these Terms, shall be deemed to create any agency relationship or affiliation with, or endorsement or sponsorship of, such third parties or you or make the third parties or you partners or joint venturers with Sentry Services, or otherwise provide you or any third parties with any rights to act on Sentry Services’ behalf.
Disclaimers and limitations of liability
In using this Site you acknowledge and accept that there are risks, including, without limitation, the risk of harm of people acting under false pretenses. You assume all risks associated with dealing with other users with whom you come in contact through the Site and other parties that use the Site or your Personal Information for unauthorized or illegal purposes.
TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOU AGREE THAT ALL INFORMATION, SERVICES, SOFTWARE, AND CONTENT AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SITE, AND THE SITE ITSELF, ARE FURNISHED TO YOU ON AN “AS-IS” AND “AS-AVAILABLE” BASIS WITHOUT ANY IMPLIED OR EXPRESSED WARRANTY OF ANY KIND (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, SUITABILITY, SECURITY, CORRECTNESS, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT). THE SENTRY SERVICES PARTIES (DEFINED BELOW) MAKE NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY REGARDING, ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR, AND DISCLAIM ALL LIABILITY FOR, THE CONTINUED AVAILABILITY, RELIABILITY, ACCURACY, RESULTS, OR PERFORMANCE OF THE SITE OR ANY MATERIAL ON THE SITE, THE PERFORMANCE OF THE INTERNET, THE DOWNLOADING COMPATIBILITY OF ANY MATERIALS OR SOFTWARE WITH YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM, THE EXISTENCE OF ANY VIRUS, WORM, MALICIOUS CODE, OR OTHER DISABLING DEVICE FROM ANY SOURCE, THE UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF YOUR INFORMATION BY A PARTY OTHER THAN SENTRY SERVICES, ANY TECHNICAL FAILURES (INCLUDING HARDWARE OR SOFTWARE FAILURES), INCOMPLETE, SCRAMBLED, OR DELAYED COMPUTER TRANSMISSIONS, AND/OR TECHNICAL INACCURACIES, OR LOSS OR USE OF DATA, AS WELL AS UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS OF USER TRANSMISSIONS BY THIRD PARTIES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THESE TERMS. NO ONE IS AUTHORIZED TO MAKE ANY WARRANTY ON SENTRY SERVICES’ BEHALF, AND YOU CANNOT RELY ON ANY OTHER STATEMENT OF WARRANTY. YOU ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ACCURACY, APPROPRIATENESS, AND LEGALITY OF ANY INFORMATION YOU SUPPLY TO SENTRY SERVICES.
YOU AGREE THAT SENTRY SERVICES, ITS PARENT, SUBSIDIARIES, AND AFFILIATES AND ITS AND THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, CONTRACTORS, AGENTS, AND SUPPLIERS (COLLECTIVELY THE “SENTRY SERVICES PARTIES”) ARE NOT LIABLE FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, EXEMPLARY, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE SENTRY SERVICES PARTIES’ TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY DAMAGES, LOSSES, FEES, AND EXPENSES (INCLUDING ATTORNEYS’ FEES), WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, TRESPASS, OR OTHERWISE EXCEED $100. IF YOU LIVE IN A STATE THAT DOES NOT ALLOW THE WAIVER OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES, LIMITATIONS, OR DAMAGES WAIVERS DESCRIBED IN THIS SECTION, SOME OF THESE WAIVERS AND LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. YOU AGREE TO PROMPTLY NOTIFY SENTRY SERVICES IN WRITING IF YOU BELIEVE YOU HAVE ANY CLAIM AGAINST THE SENTRY SERVICES PARTIES, AND, IN ANY EVENT, YOU AGREE THAT ANY CLAIM NOT BROUGHT WITHIN ONE YEAR OF YOUR DISCOVERY SHALL BE DEEMED WAIVED AND RELEASED.
If you provide Sentry Services with an email address for information delivery or otherwise request a non-secure delivery of information, you agree not to hold Sentry Services responsible for any misuse or unauthorized viewing of that information.
Indemnification
In consideration of your use of the Site, you hereby agree to indemnify the Sentry Services Parties (and any of their third-party service providers) from and against any and all claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs, and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs) arising out of or related to: (i) your (a) breach of these Terms, (b) violation of any person’s or entity’s legal rights (including, without limitation, copyright, patent, trade secret, trademark, or other proprietary rights, or publicity, contract, moral, or privacy rights), (c) violation of any applicable law, rule, or regulation, or (d) negligence, recklessness, or misconduct; or (ii) unauthorized use of your Personal Information by a party other than Sentry Services.
Applicable law
Sentry Services controls and operates the Site from our offices within the State of Wisconsin in the United States. If you choose to access the Site from other locations, you do so at your own risk and initiative and are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws and regulations. You agree that the laws of the State of Wisconsin (excluding any choice of law rules) govern your rights and obligations relating to Sentry Services and your use of the Site.
Severability and waiver
If any provision of these Terms is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms, which shall remain in full force and effect.
No failure to exercise and no delay in exercising, by Sentry Services, any right, power, or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver hereof, except as expressly provided herein. Any waiver by Sentry Services of a breach of any provision of these Terms shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any other or subsequent breach and shall not be construed to be a modification of the Terms unless and until agreed to in writing by Sentry Services.
Additional terms
Certain areas of this Site may be subject to additional terms of use. By using such areas or any part thereof, you agree to be bound by the additional terms of use applicable to such areas.
Copyright agent for claims of copyright infringement
Pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, Sentry Services designates the agent below to receive notifications of claimed copyright infringement. If you reasonably believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide to Sentry Services’ designated agent the following information:
An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest;
A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed;
A description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the Site;
Your address, telephone number, and email address;
A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the information included in your notification is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner. Sentry Services’ designated copyright agent for claims of copyright infringement may be contacted at:
Legal Department
Attention: Shelley McEachen, Legal & Compliance Manager
1800 North Point Drive
Stevens Point, Wisconsin 54481
715-346-7982
Shelley.McEachen@sentry.com
Dispute resolution and exclusive jurisdiction
If a dispute arises between you and any of the Sentry Services Parties, it is the goal of Sentry Services to work in good faith with you to quickly and amicably resolve the dispute. All disputes, claims, or controversies (“Claims”) arising under or relating to these Terms, the Site, or the Services that cannot be resolved informally, will be finally resolved by binding arbitration as described herein.
Any dispute arising under or related to these Terms, the Site, or any related services (including the arbitrability of such a dispute and the existence, validity, interpretation, performance, termination, or breach thereof) shall be finally settled by binding arbitration by a single arbitrator in accordance with the then-current Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”), with the arbitration to be commenced no later than one (1) year after such Claim accrues (in absence of which it shall be deemed forever waived). A judgment upon an arbitrator’s award may be entered by any court of competent jurisdiction. The arbitrator shall be an expert in the field of Internet services. To the extent permitted by applicable law, you agree that there shall be no class action arbitration related to these Terms, the Site, or any related services. All parties shall bear their own expenses, except that the parties shall equally share the expenses of the arbitrator (except for the required non-refundable filing fees which shall be paid solely by the party asserting the related Claim).
The above obligations to arbitrate shall not: (i) apply to violations of the Restrictions on Use of Sentry Services Materials contained above; or (ii) prevent a party from seeking a preliminary injunction, temporary restraining order, specific performance, or other procedures in a court of competent jurisdiction to obtain interim relief when deemed necessary by such court to preserve the status quo or prevent irreparable injury pending resolution by arbitration of the actual dispute.
Exclusive jurisdiction and venue for arbitration or any other legal action or proceeding in any way related to the Site, the Services, or these Terms shall be in Stevens Point, Wisconsin. Any matter brought before a court shall be brought solely in the state or federal courts located in Stevens Point, Wisconsin. The parties hereby waive their right to a jury trial.
Headings
The headings of the sections in these Terms are strictly for convenience and shall not in any way be construed as amplifying or limiting any of these Terms.
Survival of obligations
The terms that by their nature are intended to survive beyond the termination, cancellation, or expiration of these Terms shall survive.
Success
Thank you for subscribing.
Keep an eye out for our email newsletter and stay up to date with all things SentryWorld.
CLOSE
Error
We’re sorry.
We’ve encountered an error.
CLOSE
Back
What would you like to do?
Book a tee time
or
Reserve a table
Book a tee time
View our golf rates and book your tee time online or call us.
General public
Wisconsin resident
Community
Military
Book a tee time
Or call 715-345-1600
Or reserve a table
Want a charming, casual feel at PJ's or an elegant, upscale atmosphere at Muse?
Select a restaraunt:
PJ's
Muse
Call (715)-345-1600
(715)-345-1600
Or reserve online
Call (715)-346-1800
(715)-346-1800
Or reserve online