http://www.partridgecycles.co.uk/pages/privacy-policy
All
Electric Bikes
Road Bikes
MTB
Hybrid&City
Cross&Gravel
Kids Bikes
Folding
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy and Cookies
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment to Privacy:
Your security and privacy are of paramount concern to us. In order to lay a foundation of trust and confidence in our website we guarantee never to divulge, sell or pass on your personal details to a third party without your prior consent.
To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect:
When ordering from PARTRIDGE CYCLES you (the customer) will be asked to provide us with certain information; this includes your name, address, email address and telephone number etc. This information then allows us to fulfil your order in good faith.
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the PARTRIDGE CYCLES website. On some pages, you can purchase goods, make requests, and register to receive materials.
The types of personal information collected at these pages are:• Name• Address• Email address• Phone number
The Way We Use Information:
We use the information you provide about yourself when purchasing a bike to complete the order of that product.We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that specific purchase.
PARTRIDGE CYCLES does not sell, rent or exchange your personal details with any third party.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. In addition, we may email you with news on our latest products and services but your email address will not be shared with outside parties.
By purchasing from PARTRIDGE CYCLES we may use the information you provide to send you personalised communications on products and services that may be of interest to you. You can opt out of these emails at the point of purchase or by unsubscribing from emails.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses. Should you never wish to receive further updates from us, please email us at sales@partridgecycles.co.uk
Our Commitment to Data Security:
Partridge Cycles has a committed Security Policy. Partridge Cycles will retain copies of the information provided when you register on the website or order any products from our website.
Partridge Cycles implements a number of sophisticated security measures to ensure the safety of any personal information provided. The information is contained on a secure server, which is accessible only by a limited number of employees who have authorised access rights to such information.
Any purchase made via the website is completed using PayPal and Partridge Cycles cannot access credit card information that is provided through the PayPal payment.
Any purchase that is made over the phone, Partridge Cycles do not hold any credit card information and we use the customer’s billing address to get a full data match on the credit card being used.
How to Contact Us:Should you have any questions regarding our Privacy Policy, please complete a contact form via the contact page or call 01392 833 303 or email us at sales@partridgecycles.co.uk
Use of cookies
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small text file which we transfer to your hard drive through your web browser when you visit our website or open certain emails. It enables our own system to recognise you when you visit our website again and improve our service to you. This information can be used to enhance the content of our website and make your use of it easier. For more information about cookies please visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
Three types of cookie may be used during your visit to www.partridgecycles.co.uk
partridgecycles.co.uk session cookies that are deleted after each visit.partridgecycles.co.uk persistent cookies are not deleted after each visit.Third party cookies that are used by our partners, for example, to help us measure site visitors.
How to control or delete cookies?
For instructions on how to control or delete cookies from your computer please visit http://www.aboutcookies.org
Please be aware if you choose to restrict or block cookies it may impact the functionality or performance of the website, or prevent you from using certain services.
BACK TO TOP
Added to cart successfully!
CONTINUE SHOPPING
VIEW CART
PROCEED TO CHECKOUT
Added to cart successfully!
QTY:
TOTAL:
There are
items in your cart
TOTAL:
CONTINUE SHOPPING
VIEW CART
PROCEED TO CHECKOUT
With this product also buy:
You have successfully subscribed!
Please login and you will add product to your wishlist
SIGN IN
REGISTER