http://www.keadventure.com/privacy-cookies-policy
Home
Covid-19
News & Blogs
Enquire Now
Search
Search
My KE
Favourites
Home
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment To Your Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. KE Adventure Travel’s Privacy Policy lets you know how we use your personal information: what types of personal information we collect, how we collect it, what we use it for and who we may share your personal information with. You can rest assured that we work very hard to keep your information safe and secure. We will only use the information that we collect about you lawfully, in accordance with current data protection legislation.
Privacy Policy
This policy outlines how personal data collected from you is processed and stored. Please take your time to read our Privacy Policy carefully so that you fully understand how your information is used. KE Adventure Travel is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. For the purpose of the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) 2018 the data controller is KE Adventure Travel Ltd of Central Car Park Road, Keswick, CA12 5DF.
When we refer to ‘Personal data’, we mean information that relates to you which allows us to identify you, either directly or in combination with other information that we may hold. Your personal data may include details such as your name, contact details, information relating to your booking with us or information on how you use our website or interact with us.
We will endeavour to keep your information as up to date as possible, ensuring that it is current, accurate and complete.
When do we collect personal data about you?
We may collect personal information about you whenever you use our services, when you travel with us, when using our website, when contacting us directly by phone, email, through social media or when visiting our offices.
What information do we collect?
When completing an online form such as our enquiry form or brochure request form or when contacting us directly to enquire about one of our holidays, we record basic personal information such as your name, address, email address and contact number.
When booking a holiday we will collect additional information including your previous experience, passport details, travel insurance, emergency contact details, information relating to dietary requirements and any medical conditions that we may need to be aware of.
When you sign up to receive email marketing communications from us we require your name and email address. You can manage your preferences to ensure that you only receive marketing emails related to content that you are interested in. Once signed up you will be able to manage your own marketing preferences and are free to unsubscribe from our marketing emails at any time.
We ONLY collect personal details as a result of your direct interest in KE Adventure Travel. We DO NOT buy any third party lists from other suppliers, or share your data with any third parties without your specific permission to do so.
What do we use your personal information for?
We use the information that we hold about you in the following ways:
To provide you with the information, products or services that you have requested.
To manage your travel booking and provide you with the relevant services associated with your booking.
To communicate with you and manage our relationship with you.
To personalise and improve your customer experience.
To provide you with news, updates, promotions and offers where we have your permission to do so.
If you are unable to provide us with your personal information, then we will not be able to provide you with the services requested including accepting your booking.
Call recording
We record in-bound and out-bound telephone calls to help us monitor quality of service and for training purposes. Recording also helps to protect the interests of both KE Adventure Travel and its clients and suppliers. Recordings are paused as a matter of policy when payment details are given over the phone. You also have the right to ask the recording to be paused when giving any other personal information.
Marketing emails
You can subscribe to marketing emails via the 'Subscribe to our enews' button on our website or by opting in via one of our website forms.  Your personal information is retained and used to provide you with relevant marketing communications, including newsletters, emailshots and special promotions. These communications may be tailored to you based on your preferences and the information that we hold, such as your prior travel history.  We are careful not to send you marketing communications too frequently to ensure that they do not become an annoyance.
updating your marketing preferences
Each marketing communication that we send you has the option to ‘manage your preferences’ or ‘unsubscribe’ which will allow you to remove yourself from our mailing list. Alternatively you can contact us directly and we will remove your details.
KE brochure mailing list
When you complete the brochure request form on our website your details will be recorded in our brochure mailing list. If you no longer wish to receive a copy of our brochure then please contact us at KECustomerServices@keadventure.com or call the office directly and we will remove you from this list.
Images of you on our holidays
From time-to-time, our clients, staff or suppliers may take photographs and/or videos of the holiday in progress which may include images of our clients. These images and/or videos may be used in future marketing materials and stored physically and digitally. If you do not wish you or your family to be photographed or filmed or for any photographs and films which may contain images of you or your family to be used in this manner, please advise your KE Leader and/or the photographer at the beginning of your trip.
Our clients also have the option on their return to upload any photos or videos they have taken on their holiday to the KE website. Again, if you do not wish to appear in any images that may appear online please make other clients aware that you do not wish to be included in any photographs.
On the rare occasion that you or any of your family members are included in any images displayed on our website against your will, please contact us at KECustomerServices@keadventure.com and we will remove the images immediately.
Links on our website
Our site may contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy notices and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Who do we share your personal data with?
In order to perform the contract that we have with you, we need to share personal information with our ground agents and other relevant suppliers such as distributors, airlines, hotels and transfer companies within and outside the European Economic Area. The information may also be provided to security or credit checking companies, public authorities such as customs/immigration if required by them, or as required by law.
We will not pass any information onto any person who is not responsible for facilitating the performance of the contract.
How long will we keep your personal information for?
We do not hold your information for longer than is necessary to facilitate our relationship with you as our client. For example, when you book a holiday with us we will keep the information related to your booking in order to fulfil your travel arrangements. After that, we will keep the information for a period which enables us to handle or respond to any complaints, queries or concerns relating to the booking. The information may also be retained so that we can continue to improve your experience with us and to enable us to set your loyalty membership status.
We will actively review the information we hold and delete it securely, or in some cases put it beyond use, when there is no longer a legal, business or customer need for your information to be retained.
If at any time you wish your information to be deleted from our system, please contact us at KECustomerServices@keadventure.com.
How secure is your data?
We have taken all necessary steps to put in place the appropriate security measures to protect your information. When you book your holiday online, we use the latest secure server software (SSL) which encrypts your booking information and payment details on submission. For My KE account holders, where you have set your own password to enable you to access your account, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone. All online financial transactions between you and KE Adventure Travel are conducted through a secure financial portal. KE Adventure Travel does not record or store any payment details directly. For bookings made via telephone your card details* are entered directly into the merchant provider’s secure financial portal and no copy is kept locally by KE. *See Call Recording
Requesting a copy of your personal information
You are entitled to a copy of any information held on you by KE Adventure Travel. If you would like to see this, please contact us at KECustomerServices@keadventure.com. We will provide a copy of your information within 30 days of a request.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We review our Privacy policy regularly and any revisions will be posted directly to the policy on our website.
This privacy policy was last updated: 22 May 2018
Cookie Policy
When you visit our website we send small text files called cookies to your computer. These enable us to remember you when you visit the website again. Cookies are unique to the web browser you are using, meaning different data will be collected for the different devices you view our site on (ie: desktop, tablet or mobile). Whilst they identify the device you are using, cookies do not identify you personally.
Cookies allow us to automatically track certain information about you based upon your behaviour on our site. We use this information to do internal research on our users' demographics, interests, and behaviour to better understand and serve our users.
We use a number of different cookies on our site. The tables below describe the cookies we use on this site and what we use them for. If you do not know what cookies are, or how to control or delete them, then we recommend you visit http://www.aboutcookies.org for detailed guidance.
Refusing Cookies
If you change your mind after accepting our cookies, you will find a setting within your internet browser to clear any cookies set. You can choose whether you want to accept or refuse all or some cookies via your browser settings. Use the help feature in your browser to see how to change your settings.
Please be aware that if you choose not to accept cookies on our website you won’t be able to benefit from all the features on our website including booking online.
Types of Cookies We Use
Session Cookies
We use a session cookie to remember your log-in for you and in our online booking form. These we deem strictly necessary to the working of the website. If these are disabled then various functionalities on the site will be broken. Find out more about session cookies and what they are used for at: http://www.allaboutcookies.org/cookies/session-cookies-used-for
Persistent Cookies for Site Analytics and Performance We use this to understand how the site is being used in order to improve the user experience and track our marketing activities. User data is all anonymous.
Cookies currently enabled on our site:
keadventure.com - Site function and analytics
addthis.com - Tool for social sharing:  http://www.addthis.com/privacy/privacy-policy
aito.com - AITO feedback widget:  https://www.aito.com/privacy-policy
cloudfare.com - Worldwide content distribution:  https://www.cloudflare.com/security-policy
facebook.com - Facebook Analytics:  https://www.facebook.com/full_data_use_policy
google.com - Google Analytics:  http://www.google.co.uk/intl/en/policies/privacy
newrelic.com - Server Performance Analytics:  https://newrelic.com/termsandconditions/privacy
nr-data.net - Server Performance Analytics: https://newrelic.com/termsandconditions/privacy
youtube.com - YouTube Widgets / Videos https://support.google.com/youtube/answer/2801895?hl=en-GB
Social buttons
On many of the pages of the site you will see 'social buttons'. These enable users to share or bookmark the web pages. In order to implement these buttons, and connect them to the relevant social networks and external sites, there are scripts from domains outside. You should be aware that these sites are likely to be collecting information about what you are doing all around the internet. So if you click on any of these buttons, these sites will be registering that action and may use that information. In some cases these sites will be registering the fact that you are visiting our site and the specific pages you are on, even if you don't click on the button if you are logged into their services, like Google and Facebook. You should check the respective policies of each of these sites to see how exactly they use your information and to find out how to opt out, or delete, such information.
External web services
We use a number of external web services mostly to display content within our web pages. As with the social buttons we cannot prevent these sites, or external domains, from collecting information on your usage of this embedded content. If you are not logged in to these external services then they will not know who you are but are likely to gather anonymous usage information e.g. number of views, plays, loads etc.
Our Use of Your Information
We use personally identifiable information about you to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, to statistically analyse site usage, to improve our content and product offerings and to customise our site's content, layout, and services. We believe these uses allow us to improve our site and better tailor it to meet our users' needs.
We use your email address to send you newsletters or other communications that you have requested from the site. Out of respect for our users we offer an opt-out.
We may use information we obtain from your current and past activities on the Site, to resolve any disputes, troubleshoot problems and enforce our Terms & Conditions. At times, we may look across multiple users to identify problems or resolve disputes.
Travel Website Development
Did you know that your Internet Browser is out of date?
Your browser is out of date, and may not be compatible with our website. A list of the most popular web browsers can be found below.
Just click on the icons to get to the download page
Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Safari
Opera
Internet Explorer
Close This Window
By closing this window you acknowledge that your experience on this website may be degraded