http://www.wbu.edu/about/disclosures/privacy-policy.htm
Apply
Give Now
Alumni & Donors
Update My Alumni Information
Transcripts
Request Transcripts
News and Marketing
Official Notifications
News
WBU Marks and Symbols
Resources
Contact Us
Directories
Academic Calendar
Events Calendar
Library
MyWBU
University Store
University Police
Title IX Reporting Form
About
At A Glance
WBU Leadership
University Offices
Mission & Values
Title IX Information
Hazing Information
WBU History
Campus Directory
Consumer Information
Employment
Spiritual Life
University Police
Academics
Faculty
Programs & Majors
Schools
Graduate Programs
Library
Honors Program
Course Schedules
Tutorial Services
Applied Learning
Academic Resources
WBUonline
Catalog
Academic Calendar
Admissions
How to Apply
Visit Us
Request Info
Tuition & Fees
Financial Aid & Scholarships
Transfer to Wayland
FAQs
Admissions Requirements
Staff
en español
Affordability & Value
Athletics
Campuses
Programs & Majors
Locations
Services
Student Life
Explore Wayland
Video Tour
Student Activities
Student Services
College Central Network
MENU
Information For
Future Students
Military & Veterans
Current Students
Prospective Faculty
Prospective Staff
Alumni & Donors
Faculty & Staff
CLOSE
About
Academics
Admissions
Athletics
Campuses
Student Life
WBUonline
Contact Us
Tasks
Apply
Give Now
Alumni & Donors
Update My Alumni Information
Transcripts
News and Events
Official Notifications
News
WBU Marks and Symbols
Information For
Future Students
Parents
Military & Veterans
Current Students
Prospective Faculty
Alumni & Donors
Faculty & Staff
More
Maps
Directories
Academic Calendar
Events Calendar
Library
Blackboard
MyWBU
University Store
University Police
Sign Up for Pioneer Alert
Silent Witness Reporting Form
Home > About > Disclosures > Privacy Policy
ABOUTAccreditation
Administrative Offices
At a Glance
Campus Directories
Christian Education
Consumer Information
Employment
Green Initiatives
Hazing
Institutional Research & Effectiveness
Marketing and Communications
Mission & Values
Plainview Campus Map
Spiritual Life
Title IX Information
WBU History
WBU Leadership
Consumer Information
Academic Programs
Accreditation
College Navigator Website
FERPA Act and Annual Notification
Financial Information
General Institutional Information
Health and Safety
Institution Policies
Student Outcomes
Voter Registration
apply now
Privacy Policy
Personally Identifiable Information Privacy Policy 6.1.7
Personally Identifiable Information' (PII),  as used in US privacy law and information
security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to
identify, contact, or locate a single  person, or to identify an individual in context.
This policy, presented below as answers to frequently  asked questions (FAQs), describes
how Wayland collects, uses protects or otherwise handles Personally Identifiable Information
in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website
or app?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter
your name, email address, mailing address, credit card information, social security
number or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, fill out a form and
enter information on our site.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase,
sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the
website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
• To quickly process your transactions.
• To send periodic emails regarding your request, order or other products and services.
How do we protect visitor information?
Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities
in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible. We use regular malware
scanning. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only
accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems,
and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit
information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology. We implement
a variety of security measures when a user requests information, places an order,
enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal
information. All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not
stored or processed on our servers.
Do we use 'cookies'?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your
computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's
or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain
information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items
in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based
on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved
services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic
and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the
future.
We use cookies to understand and save user's preferences for future visits and to
compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer
better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third party
services that track this information on our behalf. You can choose to have your computer
warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies.
You do this through your browser (like Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is
a little different, so look at your browser's Help menu to learn the correct way to
modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, some features will be disabled. It won't
affect the users experience that make your site experience more efficient and some
of our services will not function properly. However, you can still place orders.
Third Party Disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable
information.
Third Party Links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services
on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies.
We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of
these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and
welcome any feedback about these sites.
Google
Google's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles.
They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. We use Google AdSense
Advertising on our website. Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve
ads on our site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users
based on their visit to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out
of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy
policy.
We have implemented the following:
Demographics and Interests Reporting: We along with third-party vendors, such as Google
use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies
(such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile
data regarding user interactions with ad impressions, and other ad service functions
as they relate to our website.
Opting out: Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google
Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising
initiative opt out page or permanently using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser
add on.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online
services to post a privacy policy. The law's reach stretches well beyond California
to require a person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that
operates websites collecting personally identifiable information from California consumers
to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information
being collected and those individuals with whom it is being shared, and to comply
with this policy. - See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-
caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
According to CalOPPA we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously. Our Privacy Policy link will be on our home
page, or as a minimum on the first significant page after entering our website, and
will include the word 'Privacy', and can be easily be found on the page specified
above. Users will be notified of any privacy policy changes on our Privacy Policy
Page. Users are able to change their personal information by emailing us, by calling
us, or by logging in to their account
How does our site handle do not track signals?
We honor do not track signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising
when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Does our site allow third party behavioral tracking?
It's also important to note that we allow third party behavioral tracking.
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, the
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal
Trade Commission, the nation's consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule,
which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect
children's privacy and safety online. We do not specifically market to children under
13.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the
United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the
development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information
Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with
the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following
responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify the users via email within 7 business days. We also agree to the individual
redress principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally
enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the
law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against
data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or a government agency
to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements
for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being
sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
• Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
• Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original
transaction has occurred.
To be in accordance with CANSPAM we agree to the following:
•  NOT use false, or misleading subjects or email addresses
• Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way
•  Include the physical address of our university or site headquarters
• Monitor third party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
• Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly
•  Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can
•  Follow the instructions at the bottom of each email.
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using
the information below.
Contact Information
Wayland Baptist University
1900 W. 7thPlainview, TX 79072
Office Hours: M-F 8:15AM-5PM
Phone: 806-291-1000
Connect with Us:
Helpful Links
Maps & Directions
Directories
News & Events
Give to WBU
myWBU
Blackboard
University Police
Sign Up for Pioneer Alert
Silent Witness Reporting Form
806-291-1000 or 800-588-1928
Contact Us
1900 W. 7th Street Plainview, TX 79072
Accessibility
Emergency Information
Privacy
Copyright ©2020
©