https://www.tennis-x.com/pages/privacy.php
PRIVACY POLICY & TERMS OF USE
Tennis-X.com has created this privacy statement
in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy.
The following discloses our information gathering and
dissemination practices for this website: Tennis-X.com
Personal Information
Your privacy is important at Tennis-X.com and we regard
all personal information collected from visitors and
subscribers as completely confidential. This includes
personal data provided during any subscription registration
or answering polls/surveys. Tennis-X.com may use these
information solely for internal purposes and will not
sell, loan or share these information with any third
party for whatever purpose.If you choose to give us
personal information via the Internet, we will keep
that information private unless expressly stated otherwise.
We do keep track of the domains from which people visit
us. We analyze this data solely for trends and statistics
research.
Exponential Interactive, Inc, as our partner, have a legitimate interest to collect and profile personal data in the form of IP address and cookie ID from users on our website in order to provide targeted online advertising and ad measurement. For more details including opt-out requests, access requests or complaints, please review their privacy policy or contact their data protection officer via privacy@exponential.com.
Advertisers
We use an outside ad company to display ads on our site.
These ads may contain cookies. While we use cookies
in other parts of our Web site, cookies received with
banner ads are collected by our ad company, and we do
not have access to this information.
Public Forums & Blog Commenting
This site makes discussion boards and blog commenting available to its users.
Please remember that any information that is disclosed
in these or any other areas becomes public information
and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose
your personal information.
Should you violate any of our commenting guidelines we reserve the right to deny your postings.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites, and as such
Tennis-X.com is not responsible for the privacy practices
or the content of such Web sites.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement,
the practices of this site, or your dealings with this
Web site, you can contact
Tennis-X.com
contact@tennis-x.com
Top StoriesAustralian Open Begins February 8?
Australian Open Closer To Finalizing Dates
WTA Set To Rename Events In Alignment With ATP
9 Things I Think I Thought About The 2020 ATP Finals And Daniil Medvedev
Medvedev Overcomes Thiem For Biggest Career Title At ATP Finals
French Open Tennis
Recent VideosNovak Djokovic An Anti-Vaxxer? Trick Shots At Home By Roger Federer [Video] No Surgery, Andy Murray Is Back On The Tennis Court [Video] Don't Tell Pablo Cuevas To Try [Video] Rafael Nadal, Novak Djokovic Arrive In Australia [Video] Novak Djokovic Gets Some Tips From Ronaldo [Video]
RankingsATP - Nov 16
WTA - Nov 16
1 Novak Djokovic1 Ashleigh Barty2 Rafael Nadal2 Simona Halep3 Dominic Thiem3 Naomi Osaka4 Daniil Medvedev4 Sofia Kenin5 Roger Federer5 Elina Svitolina6 Stefanos Tsitsipas6 Karolina Pliskova7 Alexander Zverev7 Bianca Andreescu8 Andrey Rublev8 Petra Kvitova9 Diego Schwartzman9 Kiki Bertens10 Matteo Berrettini10 Aryna Sabalenka
Sign up now for our daily tennis newsletter
MORE SECTIONS
Live Tennis Scores
Headlines
Tennis T-Shirts
TOURNAMENTS
Australian Open
French Open
Wimbledon
US Open
Davis Cup
DATA
Tennis Records
Men's GrandSlam Champions
Women's GrandSlam Champions
TENNIS-X
About
Email
Ad Info
Terms & Privacy
Newsletter
FOLLOW US
Twitter
Facebook
RSS
Copyright © 2003-2016 Tennis-X.com. All rights reserved.
This website is an independently operated source of news and information
and is not affiliated with any professional organizations.