http://www.cslny.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebarDisclaimer
This Privacy Policy explains our policies and procedures regarding the collection, use and disclosure of your information when you use the Service and notifies you of your privacy rights and how the law protects you. We use your personal data to provide and improve services. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Interpretation and Definition
Interpretation
The words where the initial letters are written with capital letters have the meaning defined in the following conditions. The following definitions must have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in the singular or plural form.
Definition
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:
You mean an individual who accesses or uses the Service, or a company, or other legal entity on behalf of which individual accesses or uses the Service, as applicable.
Company (referred to as “Company”, “We”, “We” or “We” in this Agreement) refers to tarabusch.
Affiliate means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under joint control with a party, where “control” means ownership of 50% or more of shares, equity interest, or other securities that are entitled to elect the election of a director or other managing authority.
Account means a unique account created for you to access our Services or part of our Services.
Website refers to tarabusch, can be accessed from http://www.oregonlifestylehomemagazine.com/ The service refers to the Website. Country refers to: Indonesia
Service Provider is an individual or legal entity that processes data on behalf of the Company. This refers to third party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide Services on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.
Third-party Social Media Services refer to any website or any social networking website through which the User can log in or create an account to use the Service.
Personal Data is all information relating to individuals identified or identified.
Cookies are small files that are placed on your computer, mobile device, or any other device by a website, which contains details of your search history on that website among its many uses. Usage Data refers to data collected automatically, whether generated by the use of the Service or from the Service’s own infrastructure (for example, the duration of page visits).
Collecting and Using Your Personal Data
Types of Data Collected
Personal data
When using our services, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
The first name and last name of the Usage Data
Usage Data
Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service. Usage Data may include information such as your Device’s Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, our Services page you visited, time and date of your visit, time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data. When you access the Service with or through a mobile device, we may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you are using, the unique ID of your mobile device, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, type the mobile Internet browser that you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data. We may also collect information that your browser sends every time you visit our Services or when you access the Service with or through a mobile device.
Tracking and Cookie Technology
We use Cookies and similar tracking technologies to track activity on Our Services and store certain information. The tracking technology used is beacons, tags and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our services. You can instruct your browser to reject all Cookies or to indicate when Cookies are sent. However, if you do not accept Cookies, you may not be able to use some parts of our Service. Cookies can be “Persistent” or “Session” Cookies. Cookies remain on your personal computer or mobile device while you are offline, while Session Cookies are deleted as soon as you close your web browser. We use session Cookies and persistent cookies for the purposes listed below:
Required / Essential Cookies
Type: Session Cookies Set by: Us Purpose: These cookies are very important to provide you with services available through the Website and to enable you to use some of its features. They help authenticate users and prevent fraudulent use of user accounts. Without these Cookies, the service you have requested cannot be provided, and we only use these Cookies to provide you with these services.
Cookies Policy / Acceptance Cookies
Type: Persistent Cookies Set by: Us Purpose: These cookies identify whether the user has accepted the use of cookies on the Website. For more information about the cookies we use and your choices about cookies, please visit our Cookies Policy.
Use of your Personal Data
The Company can use Personal Data for the following purposes:
To provide and maintain our services, including monitoring the use of our services.
To manage your account: to manage your registration as a service user. The Personal Data that you provide can give you access to various Service functionalities available to you as a registered user.
For the execution of contracts: the development, compliance and execution of purchase contracts for products, goods, or services that you have purchased or from any other contract with us through the Service.
To contact you: To contact you via email, phone call, SMS, or other equivalent form of electronic communication, such as mobile app push notifications regarding updates or informative communications regarding contracted functions, products or services, including security updates, if necessary or in. sense for their implementation.
To provide you with news, special offers, and general information about goods, services, and other events that we offer that are similar to those that you have purchased or asked for, unless you choose not to receive that information.
To manage your requests: To attend and manage your requests to us.
We may share your personal information in the following situations:
With Service Providers: We may share your personal information with Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Services, to display advertisements to you to help support and maintain our Services, to contact you, to advertise on third party websites to you after you visit Our service or for processing payments. For Business transfers: We may share or transfer your personal information in connection with, or during negotiations, mergers, sales of Company assets, financing, or acquisitions of all or part of our business to other companies.
With Affiliates: We can share your information with our affiliates, in this case we will ask these affiliates to respect this Privacy Policy. Affiliates include our parent company and all other subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that we control or that are under our joint control.
With Business Partners: We can share your information with our business partners to offer you certain products, services or promotions.
With other users: when you share personal information or interact in public areas with other users, that information can be seen by all users and can be distributed publicly outside. If you interact with other users or register through Third Party Social Media Services, your Contacts at Third Party Social Media Services can see the name, profile, picture and description of your activities. Likewise, other users will be able to see a description of your activities, communicate with you and see your profile.
Storage of your personal data
The Company will only store your Personal Data for as long as necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will store and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to save your data to comply with applicable law), resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements and legal policies. The company will also store the Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage data are generally stored for shorter periods of time, except when this data is used to strengthen security or to improve the functionality of our services, or we are legally required to store this data for a longer period of time.
Transfer Your Personal Data
Your information, including Personal Data, is processed in the Company’s operations offices and elsewhere where the parties involved in processing are located. This means that this information can be transferred to – and stored on – computers located outside your state, province, state or other government jurisdiction where data protection laws may differ from those of your jurisdiction. Your agreement to this Privacy Policy followed by sending the information constitutes your agreement to the transfer. The Company will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your data is treated safely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will occur in an organization or country unless there is adequate control including the security of your Data and information. other personal.
Disclosure of Your Personal Data
Business transaction
If the Company is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, your Personal Data can be transferred. We will give notice before your Personal Data is transferred and subject to a different Privacy Policy.
Law enforcement
In certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required by law or in response to a legitimate request by a public authority (such as a court or government agency).
Other legal requirements
The company can disclose your Personal Data in good faith that the action is needed to:
Comply with legal obligations
Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company
Prevent or investigate possible errors in connection with the Service
Protect the personal safety of Service Users or the public
Protect from legal liability
Security of your personal data
The security of your Personal Data is important to us, but remember that there is no method of transmission over the Internet, or a method of electronic storage that is 100% secure. Although We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Children’s Privacy
Our service does not handle anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, we take steps to delete that information from our servers. We may also limit the way we collect, use and store some User information between the ages of 13 and 18 years. In some cases, this means that we will not be able to provide certain services functionality to this user. If we need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your information and your country requires parental consent, we may need your parental consent before we collect and use that information.
Links to Other Websites
Our services may contain links to other websites not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party site. We strongly encourage you to review the Privacy Policy of each site you visit. We have no control over and are not responsible for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party sites or services.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting a new Privacy Policy on this page. We will notify you by e-mail and / or important notice about Our Services, before the changes become effective and update the “Last Updated” date at the top of this Privacy Policy. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when posted on this page. Contact us If you have questions about this Privacy Policy,
Primary Sidebar
Recent Posts
Tricks To Get Trusted Casino Gambling Sites
Complete discussion of slot games and their advantages
Slots Gambling Terms You Need to Know
Various Reasons Why You Should Play Online Gambling Than Land Gambling
Intend to Register Online Gambling? Here Are the Requirements You Must Complete
Archives
September 2020
August 2020
June 2020
May 2020
April 2020
March 2020
February 2020
January 2020
Categories
Casino
Informasi
Judi Online
Slots