http://www.gokickball.com/privacy-policy.html
2
51
3131
Go Kick Ball
Home
Join EMAIL LIST
FAQs
Select A City
Start a Company Team
Start a League
Partners
About GKB
Contact GKB
Privacy Policy
GO Kickball LLC is committed to safeguarding your privacy online. This Privacy Policy is applicable to this Site.
You can visit and enjoy our Site without disclosing any personal information about yourself. However, we offer some special services, and for these services to work properly we will need you to share with us certain personal information about yourself. The personal information we collect may include, but is not limited to, first and last name, street address, e-mail address, telephone number (e.g., home, work, mobile and/or fax), and birth date. We may also collect other personal information that will be identified on the applicable page(s) of the Site. If you submit any personal information to us, or to our third party service providers acting on our behalf, you can be assured that we will not sell, lease, or share your personal information with or to anyone else, except as follows: (1) to our third party service providers, and only so that they may help us provide the services you've requested; (2) upon notice posted on an applicable location of our Website where we collect your personal information for an economic transaction and notify you that we will be sharing such information with a third party, where such third party is clearly identified; and (3) on occasion, we may offer a special promotion (such as a sweepstakes, contest, giveaways or a free subscription to goods and services) on the Site in conjunction with a third party service provider, sponsor or promotional partner, and share your information with that sponsor or promotional partner so that it can send you other special promotions it offers, but only if you give us permission to do so.
All personal information requested on our Site is maintained only by GO Kickball LLC. During the registration process you will be asked to pay by credit card. For these charges GO Kickball LLC has partnered with Moneris USA. Moneris USA handles all credit card processing on a secure server. Therefore, GO Kickball LLC does not have player credit card information within its control at any time. GO Kickball LLC does not share financial information of any kind with the public.
We do not install any spyware or adware in connection with our Website, or distribute any commercial message, or authorize any third party to distribute any commercial message, by means of spyware or adware. "Spyware" or "adware" is any software which has been downloaded to and/or installed on an Internet user's computer, without the user's actual consent, and facilitates the distribution of any commercial message to the user. If you feel you may have spyware from another company installed on your machine, there are various anti-spyware/adware software applications available on the Internet to identify if this has occurred.
GO Kickball, GO Dodgeball, GO Cornhole, GO Outings+Events, GO Sports Unlimited and Christian Kickball are activities operated by GO Kickball LLC and are business entities of GO Kickball LLC. GO Kickball, GO Dodgeball, GO Cornhole, GO Outings+Events, GO Sports Unlimited and Christian Kickball activities adhere to the legal terms, conditions, operations, rules and regulations of GO Kickball LLC.
Statement on Minors. GO Kickball LLC will never knowingly ask for information from minors or children and will never knowingly market to individuals under the age of twenty-one (21) for kickball, dodgeball, cornhole and other associated activities and events, or under the age of eighteen (18) for Christian Kickball related activities and events. GO Kickball LLC views the protection of the identity and privacy of minors online as important and that the main responsibility lies in individual's parents. You are encouraged to talk to your children about the internet and how to safely use of their personal information.
Business Transfers. As time passes, GO Kickball LLC may be sold along with its assets, or other transactions may occur in which customer information is one of the business assets transferred. In such a case, the customer information which we have gathered may be one of the business assets we transfer.
Disclosure for Legal Purposes. The law requires that we may be required to share your personal information and non-personal information pursuant to judicial or governmental subpoenas, warrants or orders. If we are required to do so, we will, of course, obey the law. In addition, notwithstanding any term to the contrary in this Privacy Policy, we reserve the right to use and disclose share your personal and non-personal information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of this Site's Terms of Use, or as otherwise required by law.
If you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, you can contact us at:
GO Kickball LLC
14 Lenox Pointe, NE
Atlanta, GA 30324
Phone: (404) 963-6860
info@GOkickball.com
LAST UPDATED AND EFFECTIVE DATE: January 1, 2011
29f3
Register Now
GKB Quick Links
Join Email List
GO Kickball 101
Download the GKB Brochure
How To Register
Select A City
Rules
FAQs
Start a Company Team
Game Documents
Blog
GKB Champions
Start a League
Partners and Sponsors
Become A Ref
Premium T-Shirt Styles
GKB Store
Press
Player Waiver
Terms And Conditions
Privacy Policy
Contact GKB
Copyright © 2020 GO Kickball LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Contact GO Kickball  |
View our Privacy Policy  |
Partners and Sponsors
Join Email List
Please enter valid information for all of the fields. Only ("1-9", "A-Z", "." and "@" are the only valid characters)
This email is already on the email list.
Your email has been added to the email GKB Email list.
Select a city
Birmingham, ALDothan, ALEastern Shore, ALEnterprise, ALHuntsville, ALMobile, ALMontgomery, ALTuscaloosa, ALBakersfield, CAColorado Springs, CODenver, COFort Collins, COFt Myers, FLAthens, GAAtlanta, GAAtlanta Dodgeball, GAColumbus, GAPride Atlanta, GABillings, MTCharlotte, NCColumbus, OHSpartanburg, SCChattanooga, TNMurfreesboro, TNNashville, TNDallas, TX
First Name
Last Name
Your Email Address
0