http://www.fairfaxcounty.gov/topics/copyright-privacy
Skip to main content
Home
Topics
Copyright & Privacy Policy
Copyright & Privacy Policy
Copyright
Official site of the County of Fairfax, Virginia, © Copyright 2017
Privacy
Fairfax County is dedicated to preserving your privacy and security while viewing our website at www.fairfaxcounty.gov. We strive to retrieve the minimum amount of information about our visitors necessary to provide a host of various services and resources. This Web Disclaimer & Privacy Policy page outlines practices and procedures affecting visitors of our site in accordance with the Virginia Department of Technology Planning's Internet Privacy Guidelines (COV ITRM Guideline SEC2001-02.1). Fairfax County reserves the right to change these policies and the corresponding information on this page at any time without prior notice. Personal information may be required by law or in order for us to provide a requested service; in doing so we are subject to the requirements for administering information systems as established in the
Government Data Collection and Dissemination Practices Act, Chapter 38 of Title 2.2 of the Code of Virginia.
We do not capture personal information without visitors' permission.
Anonymous Visitor Information Collection
For every visitor to our site, there are several common pieces of information that we do collect that are stored in logs. Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type, operating system, the date and time of the visit, and the addresses to which a visitor linked during a visit to our Website are all recorded. We use a third-party service to collect data about where visitors click on some of our pages so we can improve content placement on the Website. We cannot and do not associate any of this information with individual persons, distribute this information, or use it in any manner other than for statistical analysis in improving our site to better serve our visitors.
Cookies
We do not use cookies to record any personal information. Cookies are used by some County web applications to pass needed information from one page to the next. These applications use the cookies to track the session through randomly generated ID numbers that cannot be traced back to any personal or private information. Rejecting a cookie in these applications will render the application useless.
External Links Disclaimer
This website contains links to external websites and pages containing information created and maintained by public and private organizations. The inclusion of a link to an external website is not intended as an endorsement of any product or service offered or referenced on the linked website, the organizations sponsoring said website, or any views that might be expressed or referenced in the website. Links to external websites and pages may be removed or replaced at any time without notice.
Weather Disclaimer
Fairfax County weather information is provided by the National Weather Service. Fairfaxcounty.gov makes no warranty, expressed or implied with respect to accuracy, completeness or usefulness of the weather information contained herein and shall have no legal liability or responsibility (including liability for negligence) or for any loss or injury (including death) or for profit which may result, whether directly or indirectly, from the supply of use of such information. In an emergency, do not rely solely on the weather information on this site. Please check your local media to get the latest information.
Disclosure of Information
Fairfax County does not sell, rent, or publish any of our visitors' personal or private information. We do not reveal specific information about subscribers or other personally identifiable data to unaffiliated third parties for their independent use, except if required to do so by the Virginia Freedom of Information Act or other law. In addition, we endeavour to restrict employee access to any personal information except where necessary to perform required duties.
E-Mail and the Virginia Freedom of Information Act
Any e-mail or other correspondence sent to a member of the Board of Supervisors, or any other public official and/or employee of Fairfax County in the transaction of public business is considered a public record, and such records are subject to the Virginia Freedom of Information Act. This means that Virginia law generally requires the County to provide a copy of any such e-mail, upon request, for inspection and copying to any citizen of the Commonwealth or to any member of the news media.
Unauthorized Access
Unauthorized attempts to modify any information stored on this system, to defeat or circumvent security features, or to utilize this system for other than the intended purposes are prohibited and may result in criminal prosecution.
Contact Us
If you have any questions specifically regarding your privacy on our site, please e-mail Web Administrator.
Close
Fairfax Virtual Assistant
Translate
Awards
Site Feedback
Main Address
12000 Government Center Pkwy
Fairfax, VA 22035
Phone
703-324-7329
TTY 711
Site Tools
Site Tools
Website Accessibility
Translate
Download Mobile App
Support
Support
ADA Accessibility
FOIA Requests
Website Administrator
Additional Resources
Additional Resources
Fairfax County Public Schools
Economic Development Authority
Visit Fairfax
Council of Governments
Commonwealth of Virginia
USA.gov
Calendar
Channel 16
Mail
Security
WIFI
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
Mobile
PRIVACY POLICY & COPYRIGHT