http://www.nackordkarate.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy | Nackord Karate System
Information Collected
Nackord Karate System
may collect information, such as your e-mail address, name and phone number.
Information about your computer hardware and software also may be automatically collected. This information can include your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used by Nackord Karate System for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of our website.
Use Of Your Information
We collect and use your personal information to operate our website and deliver the services you have requested. We will send one welcome email following registration to all registered patrons. We also send periodical service updates to users.
We do not sell, rent, or lease our customer lists to third parties.
Contact Information
Nackord Karate System welcomes your comments. If you would like to stop receiving messages from us, please contact us at dnack@verizon.net.
Request More Information
"Empowering Confidence, Community and Real Results for over 50 Years"
I've cherished the times Mr. Nackord has shared his concepts with me over the years. His teaching methods are deeply profound, analytical & direct to the point. All of his mastery is pleasantly masked as a genuine gentleman teacher that projects a far more valuable in essence than the typical alpha male fear factor projected by "masters & tuff guys". Arguably among the very best real martial arts masters alive in the world today in my humble opinion.Sincerely, respectfully submitted,Rusty Ferguson
Mr. Nackord is one of the best in the world. I train here and am constantly impressed by the knowledge and skills of the many black belts Mr. Nackord has promoted in his career.
Mr. Nackord's more than 5 decades of experience and amazing connections to many great martial artist has given him the wisdom that is unmatched.I loved training with him when his school was located in King of Prussia. He has given me many opportunities to be inspired as he taught his classes with great passion for the martial arts.The principles that he and his assistant, Mr. Jon VanCleve have stayed with me to this day. I look forward to resuming my training in the near futureDr. Dennis M. Mariano - Mariano Holistic Life Center, Inc.
Request Information Now!