https://www.iowaquarterhorse.com/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Privacy PolicyIQHAadmin2018-05-23T11:51:16-05:00
PRIVACY POLICY
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for www.iowaquarterhorse.com. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Updates
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at (641) 295-3068 or email at IowaQHA@gmail.com .
Forms 2021 Membership Form
2021 Business Membership Form
Show Approval Form
IQHA Scholarship Form
AQHA Equestrians with Disabilities Membership Form
Stallion Auction & Futurity Forms
2021 Stallion Auction Contract
2020 IQHA Stallion Owner Release Form
2020 Mare Nomination Form
2020 Breeder’s Futurity Entry PRINTABLE FORM
2020 Breeder’s Futurity Entry ONLINE FORM
2020 Unshown (Sustaining) Horse Form
2020 Ranch Horse Futurity Stallion Enrollment Form
Upcoming Events
IQHA Board Meeting
December 10 @ 6:30 pm - 8:30 pm
IQHA Board Meeting
January 8, 2021 @ 6:30 pm - 8:30 pm
General Membership Meeting
January 9, 2021
Annual Meeting
January 9, 2021
Breeders Futurity Stallion Auction
January 10, 2021
View All Events
Our Sponsors
Become an IQHA Business Sponsor to be recognized here! Contact us today!
Note: To view a document,
the free Adobe Acrobat Reader must be installed as a prerequisite. If not installed, please click on the Get Adobe Reader icon to install the Acrobat Reader.
Privacy Policy CLICK HERE to read our Privacy Policy
Subscribe to IQHA email Join Our Email List
IQHA Contact Info Please use our contact form.
Iowa Quarter Horse Office
PO BOX 277
Ogden, Iowa 50212
(515) 230-1178
Email: IowaQHA@gmail.com
Hours: 9am CST to 5 pm CST
Skip to content
Open toolbar
Accessibility Tools
Increase Text
Decrease Text
Grayscale
High Contrast
Negative Contrast
Light Background
Links Underline
Readable Font
Reset
Go to Top