http://www.paintballusa.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
CALL TODAY: (800) 919-9237
PaintBall USA is open. Click Here to see our COVID Update.
What Types of Information Does Paintballusa.net Collect From Me?
Personal Information. We collect Personal Information that you provide to us, such as your name, mailing address, phone number, email address, credit card number, and financial information.
Non-Personal Information. We also collect non-personal information from you, such as your browser type, the URL of the previous website you visited, your ISP, operating system, and your Internet Protocol (IP) Address ("Non-Personal Information"). Non-Personal Information cannot be easily used to personally identify you.How and When Does Paintballusa.org Collect This Information?Providing Information to Us. We collect Personal Information from you when you provide it to us. For example, if you purchase a product sold through a Shop, we may collect your name, mailing address, telephone number, credit card number, and email address. If you create a Shopkeeper or Affiliate Account, we may collect your name, tax identification number, mailing address, email address, and other information that we request during the registration process, and any information that you provide on your Paintballusa.net storefront. If you sign up to receive a newsletter, we will collect your email address.
Communications With Us. If you communicate with us regarding the Website or the Paintballusa.net Services, we will collect any information that you provide to us in any such communication.
Analytic and Reporting Technologies. Like the operators of most websites, we use analytic and reporting technologies to record Non-Personal Information such as Internet domain and host names, Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser software, operating system types, clickstream patterns, and the dates and times that the Website and the Paintballusa.net Services are accessed. We also contract with several online partners to help manage, monitor and optimize our Website and the Paintballusa.net Services and to help us measure the effectiveness of our advertising, communications and how visitors use the Website. To do this, we may use web beacons and cookies.
How Does Paintballusa.net Use My Information?Personal Information. We use Personal Information primarily for our own internal purposes, such as providing, maintaining, evaluating, and improving the Paintballusa.net Services and the Website, fulfilling requests for information, producing and shipping the products that you order, and providing customer support. For example, if you create a Shopkeeper Account, we will use the information that you provide us to communicate with you and pay you any commissions that you earn. Similarly, if you sign up to receive a Paintballusa.net newsletter, we will use the email address you provide to send you the newsletters.
Non-Personal Information. We use Non-Personal Information to track the use of the Website and the Paintballusa.net Services and for other internal purposes, such as providing, maintaining, evaluating, and improving the Paintballusa.net Services and the Website.
When Will Paintballusa.net Disclose My Information to Third Parties?Disclosure to Unaffiliated Third Parties. We may disclose your Personal Information to prevent an emergency, to prevent harm to others, to respond to legal requirements, to protect or enforce our rights and policies, to protect or enforce the rights of a third party, or as required or permitted by law (including, without limitation, to comply with a subpoena or court order). In particular, if you are a Shopkeeper, we may disclose your information to a third party that alleges that you have infringed their intellectual property rights through the products sold through your Shop. Similarly, if you allege that a Shopkeeper is infringing upon your intellectual property rights, we may disclose your information to that Shopkeeper.
Recent Blog Posts
Open Paintball Fields
Open Paintball Fields
Are you trying to find a paintball field open in Los Angeles County during the covid stay at open order? https://www.paintballusa.org/contact
Inspectors from the L.A. County…
Read More
Outdoor Social Gatherings at Paintball Parks
The Ban on Outdoor Social Gatherings to Stop the Spread of Covid, Scientific Fact or Fiction?
The year 2020 where the Novel Coronavirus outbreak happens worldwide. We have listened to many doctors…
Read More
Paintball Exercise the Day After Thanksgiving
Paintball Exercise the Day After Thanksgiving
Black Friday, the day after Thanksgiving, paintball games and ways to walk off the extra calories from your big meal the day before. Time to get on your…
Read More
Tippmann Alpha Black gun upgrades available!
Location & Contact
540 W. Carson Mesa Road
Acton, CA 93550
(661) 255-5332
Regular HoursOpen Year Round - Rain or Shine
Saturday: 10am-4pm
Sunday: 10am-4pm
Holiday Hours:
Christmas Day 12/25/20 Friday closed
Mon. MLK Day 1/18/21 10am - 4pm
Mon. Pres. Day 2/15/21 10am - 4pm
Mon. Mem. Day 5/31/21 10am - 4pm
More InfoGeneral Information
Pricing Details
Gallery
Blog
Splatmaster
Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Get a Waiver
Paintball USA © 2019 | Web Development by 95Visual