http://www.inghams.co.uk/legal/privacy-policy
In safe hands – travel with confidence. Please click here for latest Covid 19 travel advice.
You're here
Home
Legal
Privacy Policy
Privacy & Security
Inghams Privacy Centre
Welcome to the privacy centre of Inghams here you can find details on how we sensitively handle the personal information you provide when you interact with us via the website, sales and customer service team or in other ways. We appreciate there is a lot of information contained here, but we wish you to be fully informed of your rights and hope that we can answer any questions you have.
Inghams is a data controller. We are a company registered in England (no. 350786) registered address; Mountain House, Station Road, Godalming, Surrey, GU7 1EX. Inghams is part of the larger Hotelplan UK Group which is a collection of niche tour operators in the UK including Inghams, Esprit Ski, Ski Total, Santa’s Lapland, Explore Worldwide and Inntravel.
When we state “we”, “us”, or “our” in this privacy statement, we are referring to “Inghams”.
Please note that the information given here equally applies if someone else makes arrangements on your behalf and provides us with your details. If you handle the arrangements for other travellers, please ensure that they are aware of the information contained within this Privacy Centre.
Privacy Statement
Inghams take your privacy extremely seriously and we are committed to doing everything we can to protect any personal information provided to us when enquiring about or booking a holiday or other travel service with Inghams, visiting our website or through other means. This statement describes what, why and how we collect and use your personal information, how we protect it and how you can contact us.
Cookie Policy
We use cookies and similar technologies for a wide range of purposes in our websites and email communications to deliver our services and improve your experience. This policy describes the categories of cookies that we use (and are used by our partners), what they are used for, and how you can change your preferences.
Use of cookies
A "cookie" is a small text file which Inghams may put on your computer's hard disk so remember you. We may use cookies on our website to remember where you are on the site and to be able to recognise your computer at a later time.
Session cookies allow you to carry information across pages of our site and avoid having to re-enter information plus allow you to carry information through to our online booking system.
Persistent cookies allow your computer to remember your login and the searches you have made plus to compile anonymous, aggregated statistics that allow us to understand how users use our site and to help us improve the structure of our website.
Session cookies remain in the cookie file of your browser until you leave the site. Persistent cookies remain in the cookie file of your browser for much longer.
In addition, 3rd parties may serve cookies via this site. These may be used to serve advertisements and track whether these advertisements are clicked on by users and to tailor content to your preferences.
We cannot identify you personally from this information - a cookie cannot read your hard drive or perform any commands on your computer and does not contain your name, address, telephone number, or email address.
Accepting cookies on your computer can help you to take full advantage of the website's functionality. Although you cannot block "session" cookies, you can configure your Internet browser so that it can reject both "persistent" and "third party" cookies or have them expire after a specific length of time. How you do this will depend upon the Internet browser you use.
We may use cookies to provide information about your previous use of our website (e.g. previous searches, login) and/or display content more relevant to you. If you are making a purchase, we may also use cookies to keep track of the transaction from one web page to another. We may also use cookies to assess effectiveness of online advertising campaigns
FAQs
Given the complexity of data protection, we have assembled some Frequently Asked Questions which may address questions you have in connection with the use of personal data and your privacy.
Glossary
We have strived to use plain and simple language wherever possible but we recognise that some jargon is inevitably used when dealing with data protection and privacy. In this section, we aim to provide simple definitions of some of the more commonly used terminology in connection with privacy and the processing of personal data.
Subject Access Request
Should you wish to raise a question or concern over how your personal data has been processed, or wish to correct an inaccuracy, you have the right to request further information. Full contact details can be found in the “Contact us” section of our Privacy Statement, however, you can email dataprivacy@inghams.co.uk to raise such queries, which we are obliged to respond to within one month, subject to satisfactorily confirming your identity.
Our Privacy Policy is viewable as a PDF document. To view a PDF document you need to have a suitable reader program installed on your computer this usually means installing Adobe Reader. You may already have it installed on your computer. If not, the software is free and downloadable from Adobe's website
Feefo Gold
Trusted Service Award 2020
Best Activities Operator
Globe Travel Awards Winner
2016-2020
British Travel Awards 2019
Best Chalet/Winter Sports Accommodation Provider
British Travel Awards 2019
Best Ski & Winter Sports Holiday Company
Feefo Gold
Trusted Service Award 2019
Best Royal Heritage
Tour Operator
Finding your best holiday options...
PAY A DEPOSIT TODAY and the full balance of your holiday 10 weeks before departure