http://www.humewoodgolf.co.za/index.php/privacy
Details
Hits: 634
We at Humewood Golf Club have designed our business practices to safeguard your privacy.
You can visit www.humewoodgolf.co.za without revealing who you are or providing any personal information about yourself.
There will be times, such as when you submit a questionnaire, request a service, purchase a product, etc..., when we will need to obtain personally identifiable information from you or about you. Such personally identifiable information may include your name, home address, e-mail address, telephone number, identity/passport number, income, credit references, etc... The information we receive about you or from you may be used by us or shared by us with our corporate affiliates, agents, vendors and others to help process or complete a transaction; to comply with any law, regulation, audit or court order; to help improve our website or the products or services we offer; for research; to better understand our customers' needs; to develop new offerings; and to alert you to new products and services in which you may be interested. We may also combine information with which you provide us with information about you that is available to us internally or from other sources. We believe that knowing more about you can enable us to serve you better.
You should be aware that we collect usage information about you when you visit us, which helps us to understand how our site is navigated, how many visitors arrive at specific pages, the length and frequency of a stay at our website, etc... In addition, Humewood Golf Club web pages may place "cookies" on your personal computer. Cookies are small identifiers, similar to a license plate, that help us to recognize you if you visit our website again. Cookies are used to help us personalise your viewing experiences. Cookies are not designed to be used to get data from your hard drive or your e-mail, or any other personal data about you. You can reject cookies by changing your browser settings. Please note, however, that if you reject our cookies it is possible that some web pages may not load properly, your access to certain information might be denied or you might have to enter information about you or your application, enquiry or purchase more than once.
We safeguard your information using known encryption, security standards and procedures. We also assess new technology for protecting customer information on an ongoing basis.
Please be aware that we may change our Statement of Privacy from time to time. If we do, we will update this Statement of Privacy on our website, so be sure to check back here frequently.
If you have any questions about our Statement of Privacy or Privacy Policies, please feel free to e-mail your questions to us at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it..
template-joomspirit.com
The Humewood Golf Club, Marine Drive, Summerstrand Port Elizabeth 6001
Contact Details info@humewoodgolf.co.za  bookings@humewoodgolf.co.za Tel: +27 41 583-3011
Back to top