https://www.running4women.com/privacy-policy/
Running Gear
Running Clothing
Running Accessories
Product Reviews
Fitness
Cross Training
Racing Tips
Running Equipment
Running For Beginners
Running Training
Stretching
Nutrition
Health
Fitness and Pregnancy
General
Injury Prevention
Running For Weightloss
Running Injuries
Real Life
Contact Us
Let Running Be Your Lifestyle
Welcome To Our Women's Running Community
Let Running Be Your Lifestyle
Welcome To Our Women's Running Community
Let Running Be Your Lifestyle
Welcome To Our Women's Running Community
Let Running Be Your Lifestyle
Welcome To Our Women's Running Community
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
PRIVACY POLICY FOR Running4Women Ltd
Running4Women Limited (“we” or “us”) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy together with our Website Terms and Conditions (and any other documents referred to on it) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 (the Act), the data controller is Running4Women Ltd (company registration number 04938436) who’s registered office is 30, Baylie Street, Stourbridge, West Midlands DY8 1AZ which is also our main trading address.
INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT FROM YOU
We may collect and process the following data about you:
• Information that you provide by filling in forms on our sites www.running4women.com  www.runwindsor.com and www.windsorwomens10k.com (our sites). This includes information provided at the time of subscribing to our newsletter, subscribing to our service, posting material or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you enter a competition or promotion sponsored by us, and when you report a problem with our site.
• If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
• We may also ask you to complete surveys that we use for research purposes, although you do not have to respond to them.
• Details of transactions you carry out through our site and of the fulfilment of your orders.
WHERE WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
Once we have received your data we will ensure that it is treated with the utmost respect and in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 and any applicable regulations. Your data will be stored on our secure server within the UK. Any payment transactions will be encrypted [using SSL technology]. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone. We follow strict security procedures in order that the data we collect is stored and disclosed appropriately and securely.
USES MADE OF THE INFORMATION
We use information held about you in the following ways:
• To ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
• To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes.
• To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us.
• To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so.
• To notify you about changes to our service.
If you do not want your information to be processed in this way, please contact joanne@running4women.com and Running4Women Ltd can update your preferences, or remove your data from our filings in accordance with your right to be forgotten, or opt out by ticking the relevant box upon entering your information into one of the forms hosted on our websites, and other third party hosted forms, where applicable.
If you are an existing customer, we will only contact you by electronic means (e-mail or SMS) with information about goods and services similar to those which were the subject of a previous sale to you.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may disclose your personal information to any member of our group, which means any subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 736 of the UK Companies Act 1985 and as may exist from time to time.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
• In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
• If Running4Women Limited or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
• If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our website terms of use or our Website Terms and Conditions and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Running4Women Limited, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
YOUR RIGHTS
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data. You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us at joanne@running4women.com
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
ACCESS TO INFORMATION
The Act gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail.
CONTACT
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to joanne@running4women.com
Strava
Most Shared Posts How Hill Training Benefits Your Winter Running...Do you include hill sprints and hilly runs in your winter running training? Here are some of our fav 1 Shares Why Running Is A Powerful Weapon Against Emotional Anxiety...If you suffer from depression or anxiety, take heart - running is the best choice of exercise. We of 134 Shares 7 Best At-Home Yoga Stretches For Runners...Pledge to stretch more at home with the best yoga poses for runners Yoga is one of those things we k 12 Shares Run For 30 Minutes & Watch What Happens...Even a 30-minute run can transform what’s going on inside your body and brain. Ever wondered exact 10 Shares 5 Smart Changes for Winter Running Training...Make winter months a successful part of your annual training plan Most of us find running in the win 10 Shares How To Cope With Hayfever & Running...Don’t let hayfever ruin your running training! Hayfever has come early this year thanks to that un 9 Shares Healthy Pancake Day Recipes For Runners...Tuesday is Pancake Day! Can runners have their (pan)cake and eat it too? We think so - check out the 9 SharesSearch
Running4Women Ltd © 2017 All Rights Reserved Terms of Use and Privacy Policy
0 SHARES
0SHARESFacebookTwitter