https://www.alpineaction.co.uk/alpineaction-privacypolicy.htm
Alpine Action Privacy PolicyAlpine Action Terms & Conditions
Your information.We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our clients and website visitors; in this policy we explain how we will treat your personal information. “Your information” refers to details such as your name, contact details, travel preferences and special needs/disabilities/dietary requirements that you have supplied to us, including any information about other persons on your booking relating to the same.Information is collected when you request information from us, or you contact us, we contact you, if you ask for a holiday quotation or complete a booking with us. You are responsible for ensuring that all other members of your party are aware of the content of our Privacy Policy, and that they consent to your acting on their behalf in all your dealings with us.We will update your information whenever we get the opportunity to keep it current, complete, accurate and up to date.How we use "Your Information"In order to enable us to provide your with one our holidays and for the use of services such as staying in our chalet accommodation and booking flights, it may be necessary to disclose your information to third party providers (UK and overseas). This may include disclosing your information to our data processing companies, or companies providing our travel and reservation software and systems, the Police or any other regulatory body if we are asked to do so, or if we choose to do so. We may also disclose your information if it relates to any suspected misuse by you personally of our accommodation, of our web site or any of our web site services.If you do not agree to the above then we will not be able to do any form of business with you or indeed to process your booking.Emailing you Direct.We will send you information and travel details about your holiday, a post-holiday questionnaire and e-newsletters. These may be offers, product updates and resort news/goings on. You will have every opportunity to opt out of such correspondence but our website and reservation staff will otherwise assume you agree to receive such correspondence when you make a holiday reservation with us. Each newsletter we send will give you the option to cancel any further marketing correspondence.Controlling your personal information.If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at admin@alpineaction.co.ukIf you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible with the correct and/or complete details. How we use Cookies and why.We will ask you to consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy when you first visit our website.Our website uses cookies. Cookies are files stored on your browser or the hard drive of your computer that contain information that is transferred to your computer's hard drive. Some of the cookies we use are essential for the site to operate. Listed below are the cookies we use with a short explanation as to why we use them. If you visit our website and chose to continue browsing or using, you are agreeing to our use of cookies as set out in this policy.Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, a cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.  We may also collect information about your visit to our website, based on your browsing (click stream) activities. This information may include the pages you browse and products and services viewed or booked for example. This helps us to better manage and develop our offers and to provide you with better products and services tailored to your individual interests and needs. We may use this information to measure the entry and exit points of visitors to the website and respective numbers of visitors to various pages and sections of the website and details of searches performed and terms used.For a more independent look at cookies please visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/We may use non-personal statistics data about our website visitors' traffic patterns with Google analytics.  However, we do not sell or share any of information about individual users.You should be able to block cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the placing of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our website. Unless you have adjusted your browser settings so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies as soon you visit our site.Links to other websites.  Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, we cannot be responsible for the content or privacy policies of other websites to which this site may link.More information on Cookies  Security Statement & ChangesWe have taken and will take all reasonable steps to protect your information. We do not share or sell any of your information with any third-parties other than those stated above.  If we make any changes to this Policy, then they will be posted on our website.