http://www.castlerosse.ie/privacy-policy.html
More
More
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Castlerosse Hotel - Privacy Policy
At www.castlerosse.com we understand that privacy is an important issue for visitors to the www.castlerosse.com website and its related domains. The following information is designed to help visitors understand what information we collect from our site, and how we handle and use the information after that.Information collection and use
The Castlerosse Hotel is the sole owner of any information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. The Castlerosse Hotel may collect information from our users at several different points on our website.
General enquiries
If a user contacts www.castlerosse.com with a general enquiry, the user may need to provide www.castlerosse.com with personal information (for example contact details). www.castlerosse.com will use this personal information to respond to the enquiry and track further correspondence. Personal information collected is not used for any other purpose.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files that a site transfers to a visitor's hard disk or browser for added functionality or for tracking site usage. In order to measure the effectiveness of our online presence, www.castlerosse.com may use cookies to determine the path users take on our site and to identify repeat visitors of our site. We do not use cookies to gather personal information such as a person's name or e-mail address.
External links
www.castlerosse.com website may contain links to other sites. Please take note that www.castlerosse.com is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this site.
Changes to www.castlerosse.com Internet Privacy Policy
www.castlerosse.com may, from time to time, make changes to this policy. We recommend that users of this site re-visit this privacy policy on occasion to learn of new privacy practices or changes to our policy.
Special Offers
Gift Vouchers
Golden Breaks
Self Catering
Newsletter Sign-Up
Map
Email
Home
Special Offers
Accommodation
Hotel
Holiday Homes
Golf Lodges
Rates
Dining
Grosvenor Restaurant
Mulligans Bar & Lakeview
Sunday Lunch
First Holy Communion Lunch
Weddings
Reception Suites
Wedding Packages
Civil Ceremonies
Wedding Enquiry Form
Leisure Club & Spa
The Pool
The Gym
Renew Beauty Spa
Renew Hair Salon
Membership Rates
Golf
Membership Offers
Book a Tee Time
Open Competitions
Other Kerry Courses
Play & Stay
Course & Slope Rating
See & Do
Killarney's Top Attractions
Wild Atlanctic Way
Bike Rental
Walking in Killarney
Families
Castle Rangers Kids Club
Family Bicycle Rental
And for Mums & Dads...
Golden Breaks
Gallery
Resort Video
Gift Vouchers
Book Your Stay
Check in
11
12
2020
Search
Why Book With Us?
Why Book With Us?
Best Price Guarantee
Book direct for best rate online!
1st Choice Room Upgrades
Receive priority consideration for room requests!
Personalise your stay
Enhance your stay with our add-on packages
Book Your Stay
Why Book With Us?
Best Price Guarantee
Book direct for best rate online!
1st Choice Room Upgrades
Receive priority consideration for room requests!
Personalise your stay
Enhance your stay with our add-on packages