https://www.windowsphoneinfo.com/help/privacy-policy
Windows 10 Forums
Forums
Help
>
Privacy Policy
>
Windows 10: Privacy Policy
Help
Smilies
BB Codes
Trophies
Cookie Usage
Privacy Policy
Terms and Rules
We are Windows 10 Forums ("we", "our", "us"). Were committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. If you have questions about your personal information please contact us.
What information we hold about you
The type of data that we collect and process includes:
Your name or username.
Your email address.
Your IP address.
Further data may be collected if you choose to share it, such as if you fill out fields on your profile.
We collect some or all of this information in the following cases:
You register as a member on this site.
You fill out our contact form.
You browse this site. See "Cookie policy" below.
You fill out fields on your profile.
How your personal information is used
We may use your personal information in the following ways:
For the purposes of making you a registered member of our site, in order for you to contribute content to this site.
We may use your email address to inform you of activity on our site.
Your IP address is recorded when you perform certain actions on our site. Your IP address is never publicly visible.
Other ways we may use your personal information.
In addition to notifying you of activity on our site which may be relevant to you, from time to time we may wish to communicate with all members any important information such as newsletters or announcements by email. You can opt-in to or opt-out of such emails in your profile.
We may collect non-personally identifiable information about you in the course of your interaction with our site. This information may include technical information about the browser or type of device you're using. This information will be used purely for the purposes of analytics and tracking the number of visitors to our site.
Keeping your data secure
We are committed to ensuring that any information you provide to us is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable measures and procedures to safeguard and secure the information that we collect.
Cookie policy
Cookies are small text files which are set by us on your computer which allow us to provide certain functionality on our site, such as being able to log in, or remembering certain preferences.
We have a detailed cookie policy and more information about the cookies that we set on this page.
Rights
You have a right to access the personal data we hold about you or obtain a copy of it. To do so please contact us. If you believe that the information we hold for you is incomplete or inaccurate, you may contact us to ask us to complete or correct that information.
You also have the right to request the erasure of your personal data. Please contact us if you would like us to remove your personal data.
Acceptance of this policy
Continued use of our site signifies your acceptance of this policy. If you do not accept the policy then please do not use this site. When registering we will further request your explicit acceptance of the privacy policy.
Changes to this policy
We may make changes to this policy at any time. You may be asked to review and re-accept the information in this policy if it changes in the future.
Log in with Twitter
Your name or email address:
Do you already have an account?
No, create an account now.
Yes, my password is:
Forgot your password?
Stay logged in
Sign up now!
New Threads
Cannot view my wish list in Microsoft Store
touchpad not responding, this appears very briefly after startup
How do I get the "Apps List" Start menu, instead of this ugly mess?
Windows 10 insomnia
how can i uninstall updates
Surface model 1824
I can't find recently deleted files that I moved from my phone to my laptop
Replace HDD with SSD in Laptop - Reinstal Windows 10
WinToUSB (Windows To Go) update Windows version
I stay at different places, how do I play Minecraft Bedrock on different computers?
I am on Windows 10 64 bit of it helps
Windows error message about PSU
Error
Muvee Reveal Encore 2018 incompatible Windows 10
vcruntime
More
Loading...
New Win 10 Posts
AN_IGLOO
Cannot view my wish list in...
An_Igloo replied Dec 11, 2020 at 1:47 AM
Hi all,
For a while now I have been having an issue with Microsoft Store, where I cannot view my wish list there, both in the program/app and
/U/TERRARIAN03
touchpad not responding, this...
/u/Terrarian03 replied Dec 11, 2020 at 1:47 AM
submitted by
:)
/U/RECKTOZ
How do I get the "Apps List"...
/u/Recktoz replied Dec 11, 2020 at 1:47 AM
Image: https://prnt.sc/w0adil
I can't find the Apps List I see on other peoples' systems anywhere, how do I get it to show?
/U/BUZZDAR
Windows 10 insomnia
/u/Buzzdar replied Dec 11, 2020 at 1:47 AM
My pc has had insomnia for the past few weeks and ive been fed up with it. Found a solution today that my ethernet port was apparently the
SAIAKHILESH
how can i uninstall updates
saiakhilesh replied Dec 11, 2020 at 1:43 AM
How do you uninstall chipset drivers?
I'm installing a new mobo so I need to uninstall the intel 865g drivers to make way for the P35
PETE1986
Surface model 1824
Pete1986 replied Dec 11, 2020 at 1:38 AM
Updates for Surface Pro and Surface Book - Feb. 13

LOVE ALEXA LAZO
I can't find recently deleted...
LOVE ALEXA LAZO replied Dec 11, 2020 at 1:34 AM
Recent File List
using W7 here
Windows 10 Forums
Forums
Help
>
Privacy Policy
>