https://www.paralympic.org.au/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Skip to main navigation
Search for...
Submit search
Home About UsPolicies & ResourcesPrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Policy updated: September 2019
Policy Purpose
Paralympics Australia (PA) ABN 41 810 234 213 (also referred to in this policy as ‘we’, ‘us’ and ‘our’) understands the importance of protecting personal information in its possession. We are committed to ensuring that your personal information provided is handled properly and with due care.
Personal information
Personal information is information or an opinion about an identified individual, or an individual who is reasonably identifiable, whether the information or opinion is true or not and whether the information or opinion is in a material form or not.
Collection and holding of personal information
Personal information is only collected if it is reasonably necessary for one or more of PA’s functions or activities. Personal information about you will be collected only from you unless it is unreasonable  or impracticable to do so. Personal information does not have to be given, but if not given further assistance may not be possible.
The type of personal information PA may collect and hold about athletes, coaches, staff, supporters and others involved in PA corporate activities and programs may include:
Name, address, date of birth, telephone numbers, passport details;
Next of kin;
Disability details, medical history;
Paralympic classification details;
Medications;
Biographical information;
Frequent flyer number and special needs when travelling; and
Bank account details.
We hold your personal information electronically on servers as well as on paper.
Sensitive information
Personal information that is sensitive information under the Privacy Act 1998 such as racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs and health information will not be collected unless:
consent has been given; or
collection is otherwise permitted under the Australian Privacy Principles.
Purposes for which we may collect, hold, use and disclose personal information
We collect, hold, use and disclose personal information to:
Process competition applications for state, national and international events sanctioned by PA and/or the International Paralympic Committee (IPC);
Provide information to the IPC, Australian Sports Commission, State Sports Institutes and Academies, National Sporting Organisations for the Disabled and National Sporting Organisations to facilitate participation in athlete development and preparation programs;
Provide information to Sport Integrity Australia to facilitate participation in national and international substance testing and monitoring programs;
Provide relevant medical history information to the official medical authorities associated with approved state, national and international sporting events;
Supply organisations with background information for your public speaking activities;
Pay salaries and reimburse authorised expenses (related to bank account details);
Supply the media with team member biographical information and place such information on the PA website;
Make travel bookings;
Enable medical staff to prepare for and preform their roles in injury prevention and treatment;
Prepare mail-outs;
Assist PA to provide information to the Australian Taxation Office and other government authorities, as required by legislation; and
We may provide your personal information to organisations that provide services to us to enable us to do those things or to enable them to perform functions on our behalf.
Overseas disclosure of personal information
PA is likely to disclose personal information to overseas recipients. These recipients are likely to be located in Germany and countries in which competitions involving para-athletes are scheduled to take place.
Quality and security
PA will take such steps as are reasonable in the circumstances:
to protect personal information it holds from misuse, interference and loss and from unauthorised access, modification or disclosure;
to ensure that the personal information collected, disclosed and used is complete, up-to-date and accurate, and also relevant (for information that is used or disclosed); and
to destroy personal information or ensure that is de-identified, once PA no longer needs the personal information for any purpose which the information may be used or disclosed and PA is not required by or under an Australian law, or a court/tribunal order to retain the information.
Access and correction
You may access or seek the correction of personal information held by PA via the contact details listed below:
Ph: (02) 9704 0500
E-mail: privacy@paralympic.org.au
Concerns or complaints
Complaints about a breach of the Australian Privacy Principles can be made via the contact details listed below:
Ph: (02) 9704 0500
E-mail: privacy@paralympic.org.au
PA will endeavour to respond to a complaint within a reasonable time after receipt of the complaint. If you are not satisfied with the outcome of the complaint, you may make a complaint to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner.
Effect of policy
This is a policy not a contract and PA reserves the right to review its policy from time to time and notify you of any amended policy by posting an updated version of it on the PA website. The amended policy will then apply irrespective of whether PA has given you the specific notice of any amendment.
Help give them the best chance to win gold.
Donate Now
Join
Official cheer squad of
the Australian Paralympic Team!
JOIN NOW
TWITTER
@AUSParalympics 12 hours ago
RT @amandashalala: "Playing a sport where I knew I fit in made me realise that everyone has their own place in the world, and it just took…
Follow us on Twitter
Our Sponsors