http://www.wpcs.com.au/privacy
About
History
StructureHonorary Members and Past Presidents of the Society
Committee of Management Office Bearers 1969-2012
Distinguished Services Award
Society Rules & Regulations
Vision Statement
Historic News Articles
News
Forms & Info
Member InformationHorse & Pony articles
Pony Registrations
Membership
Publications
Information for RPGsElectronic Media & Promotions
Meetings
Shows & Events
Procedures Manual & newsletters
Insurance & Risk Management
Colours & Markings
Bequests/Donations
Sponsorship
Young MembersYouth Encouragement Program
National Young Judges
AHIC News
Annual General Meeting 2020
Frequently Asked Questions
Breed Sections
The Breed For All The Family
Welsh Mountain (A)
Welsh (B)
Welsh Pony of Cob Type (C)
Welsh Cob (D)
Welsh Gelding (E)
Part Welsh
Other DisciplinesDressage
Working Hunter
Show Hunter
Harness
Performance
Native Pony
Showing
20th International Welsh Show 2019
Showing Information
Members Handbook / Workouts
WPCS Photo Gallery
Judging
Competitions & Awards
Show Regulations / Insurance waivers / COVID-19
Show results2018 Welsh National Show Results
ARC - Australian Welsh & Part Welsh Ridden Championship
Shop
Contact
National Office
Regional Promotional Groups
Committee of Management
Other useful Web site linksNew Zealand WPCS
WPCS UK Society
Stallions at Stud
Sponsors
Advertisers
Home
> Privacy
Privacy Policy
The Welsh Pony & Cob Society of Australia Inc is committed to safeguarding your privacy online.
The Welsh Pony & Cob Society of Australia Inc has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for http://www.wpcs.com.au
The Welsh Pony & Cob Society of Australia Inc does not collect personally identifiable information about individuals except when such individuals specifically provide such information on a voluntary basis. For example, such personally identifiable information may be gathered from the registration process for subscription or services and in connection with content submissions, community postings (e.g., forums), suggestions and transactional areas.
Personally identifiable information on individual users will not be sold or otherwise transferred to unaffiliated third parties without the approval of the user at the time of collection. At such points of collection, the user will have the opportunity to indicate whether he or she would like to "opt out" of receiving promotional and/or marketing information about other products, services and offerings and/or any third parties.
Further, notwithstanding any opt out of promotional information by the user, we reserve the right to contact a subscriber regarding account status, changes to the subscriber agreement and other matters relevant to the underlying service and/or the information collected.
We do reserve the right to perform statistical analyses of user behaviour and characteristics in order to measure interest in and use of the various areas of the site and to inform advertisers of such information as well as the number of users that have been exposed to or clicked on their advertising banners.
Upon request, we will allow any user to "opt out" of further promotional contacts at any time.
Additionally upon request, we will use reasonable efforts to allow users to update/correct personal information previously submitted which the user states is erroneous to the extent such activities will not compromise privacy or security interests. Also, upon a user's request, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to functionally delete the user and his or her personal information from its database; however, it may be impossible to delete a user's entry without some residual information because of backups and records of deletions.
Access to the database containing personal information is restricted to The Welsh Pony & Cob Society of Australia Inc staff members with direct responsibility for customer service or management of the website. Authorised staff members are not allowed to pass on information about members to non-authorised staff without the express permission of the Managing Director.
The Welsh Pony & Cob Society of Australia Inc reserves the right to change this policy at any time by notifying users of the existence of a new privacy statement. This statement and the policies outlined herein are not intended to and do not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications.
This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service:
1. You can send email to office@wpcs.com.au
2. You can call the following telephone number: 03 5941 3288
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact :
The Welsh Pony & Cob Society of Australia Inc
PO Box 762PakenhamVICAustralia3810
Telephone: 03 5941 3288
Fax: 03 5941 2248
Email: office@wpcs.com.au
Latest News
North East Border RPG - Calendar for 2020
Events Calendar
Advertisers
Pony & Members Search
Membership Login
Regional Promotional Group
Ponies for Sale
© 2020 The Welsh Pony & Cob Society of Australia Inc, All rights reserved. Terms | Privacy | Site Map
Developed by IVT