http://www.wembleystadium.com/public/terms-of-use
Home
Terms of use
Wembley Stadium
Terms of use
Shares
Terms & Conditions
Please read these terms and conditions carefully as they contain the legal terms and conditions that you agree to when you use our Site. Please note that additional terms and conditions may apply to specific sections of the Site. These will be drawn to your attention where applicable.
Purpose of the Site
The purpose of the Site is to provide you with information about all aspects of Wembley Stadium.
Availability of the Site
We have taken every care in the preparation of the Site. However, as certain technical matters may be beyond our control, we cannot guarantee that you will have uninterrupted access to the Site at all times.
Information on the Site
The information on the Site has been included in good faith for general informational purposes only. It should not be relied upon for any specific purpose and no representation or warranty is given as to its accuracy or completeness, save where the information provided forms the basis of a specific contract with you. All plans and images are indicative and artists’ impressions only, but have been based on actual design specifications.
Ownership of Materials on the Site
WNSL is, unless otherwise stated, the owner of all copyright and database rights in the Site and its contents. You may not publish, distribute, extract, re-utilise, or reproduce any part of the Site in any material form (including photocopying or storing it in any medium by electronic means) other than in accordance with the limited use license set out in our Copyright Notice or as permitted by the Copyright Designs and Patents Act 1988 or the Copyright and Rights in Databases Regulations 1997 as applicable or any equivalent legislation as may apply in your country
Trademarks
All brand, product and service names used in this Site are unless stated otherwise trademarks, trade names or service marks of WNSL or the relevant event organiser. You may not distribute products or offer services under or by reference to or otherwise use or reproduce any such trademarks, trade names or service marks without the prior written permission of WNSL or the relevant event organiser or other owner of such trademarks, trade names or service marks.
External Links
We may provide links to other web sites from time to time. These links are provided for your convenience. Except for other official WNSL web sites we do not endorse or take responsibility for the content of those web sites, are not responsible for the availability of the web sites and will not be liable in any way for any loss or damage which you may suffer by using those web sites. If you decide to access linked web sites you do so at your own risk.
Privacy
We treat your privacy very seriously and we understand that you will wish to know how we will use the information we collect from you. Please click here to access our Privacy Policy.
Disclaimer of Warranties and Liability
To the fullest extent permitted by law all warranties (express or implied) in respect of the Site and the content of and your use of the same are excluded. Except in the case of death or personal injury caused by our negligence, to the fullest extent permitted by law we exclude all liability to you in respect of your use of this Site. Specific provisions will apply to products and services applied for or purchased and ordered via the Site. These will be drawn to your attention where applicable.
Accessibility Disclaimer
Please note that the Skip To Content functionality is not available on Safari and Chrome browsers for Apple Mac computers, if skip navigation is required then please use the Firefox browser.
Amendment of the Terms
We reserve the right to amend these Terms without notice to you from time to time. Any such amendment shall be effective once the revised terms have been posted on the Site.
Applicable law
These Terms are governed by and will be construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales. Any disputes arising under or in connection with these Terms shall be subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts.
Comments
If you have any comments or questions about our Site please contact us at info@wembleystadium.com
Operator
This Site is operated by Wembley National Stadium Limited (registered number 3388437) whose registered address is Wembley National Stadium, Wembley, London, HA9 0WS
Close Modal
Our website uses cookies to help improve your experience
A functional cookie (which expires when you close your browser) has already been placed on your machine.
More details
Accept cookies