http://www.head2head.com/privacystatement.xml
H2H Customer Service: 1 (888) PLAY H2H
Advertisement
Head2Head Sports LLC ("H2H"), is committed to helping you make the most of your free time on the Internet within a trusted environment. This privacy policy discloses how we collect, protect, use, and share information gathered about you on our website. Please read this privacy policy before using the site or submitting any personal information.
By using the site, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. These practices may be changed, but any changes will be posted and changes will only apply to activities and information on a going forward, not retroactive basis. You are encouraged to review the privacy policy whenever you visit the site to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used. We hope that this disclosure will help increase your confidence in our site and enhance your experience on the Internet.
What We Collect and How We Use It
We collect personally identifiable information, like names, postal addresses, email addresses, etc., when voluntarily submitted by our visitors, during the game registration process or when using our "notify me" or "tell-a-friend" capabilities. The information you provide is used to fulfill your specific request and for Head2Head Sports marketing only.
In addition to any personal information that you choose to provide to us, we may use a variety of technologies that may store or collect certain usage data whenever you visit or interact with us. This usage information may include:
Your IP address, UUID or other unique identifier
Your device functionality, such as the browser type and version, operating system, location, and the network used to access our services
The time of day, our services that you visit and your activities there
Additionally, if you provide information in the Customer Service section or during the game registration process, you will be added to the H2H mailing list. Once on this mailing list, you may receive (by regular mail or email) information about H2H products, events, and services that may interest you. Individuals on this mailing list may also receive joint offers from H2H that feature products/services from other reputable organizations and companies. Your information is not shared with these other companies.
Except for the limited instances noted below, we do not share personally identifiable information collected at this site with third parties. The exceptions are:
When you participate in a contest, we may publish your name with the list of contest participants. And in the event that you win a prize, we may use your personal information (such as your name) in connection with publicity purposes.
From time to time we may run a joint promotion on this site with another company or organization. You will know if this company is also collecting information and you can access that company's privacy policy.
We may also disclose personal information if we are required to do so by law or, if in our good faith judgment, such action is reasonably necessary to comply with legal process, to respond to any claims, or to protect the rights of Head2Head Sports LLC, its customers and the public.
In the event we manage a game with a designated sponsor partner for a local co-branded site or nationally across all web sites, we may provide your name, email address and mailing address information only to the designated game sponsor.
To comply with the requirements of the US Internal Revenue Service, H2H is required to collect your social security number for all prize disbursements. Your social security is number is only used for issuing the required 1099-MISC when prize disbursements exceed $600 in any calendar year, is not used for any other purpose, and is securely deleted once transmitted to the IRS for processing.
Demographic Information and Surveys
We may ask for demographic or profile (age, gender, interests, etc.) information in a survey or at registration. This information is used to assist us in tailoring the site and our services to our users. We may share aggregated demographic and survey information, as opposed to individual information, with third parties.
Cookies
A cookie is a small data file that certain Web sites write to your hard drive when you visit them. A cookie file can contain information such as a user ID that the site uses to track the pages you've visited. But the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. Generally, cookies work by assigning a unique number to the user that has no meaning outside the assigning site. A cookie can't read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. This random number lets us keep track of "how many" times customers are doing specific things - like visiting our site each month - without really knowing who those customers are. We may use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests and to save your member ID. Additionally, after you've entered your member ID and password during a session on our service, we save that information so you don't have to reenter it repeatedly during that session.
If a user does not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows the user to deny or accept the cookie feature; however, users should note that cookies might be necessary to provide the user with certain features (e.g., customized delivery of information) available on head2head.com.
To learn more and to opt out of the collection of data on our website by third parties (including those described above) for interest-based advertising purposes, please visit aboutads.info/choices or youronlinechoices.com. Note that because this opt out method may be cookie-based, you will need to opt out again if you update or change your browser, or delete your cookies. Note that opting out will not affect the quantity of ads you see online but likely will cause the ads to be less relevant to you.
Information Security
We are committed to protecting the security of your personal information. Only authorized H2H employees, agents and contractors (who have agreed to keep information secure and confidential) have access to this information. You may contact us at anytime to review your personal data that we maintain in our database.
You can access and update certain personal information H2H holds about you at any time by logging into your account and clicking on your name at the top of the page. There, you can update your marketing preferences and whether or not you would like us to send you weekly newsletters in your account.
Limitation of Liability
Your use of and browsing on this Web site are at your own risk. Neither H2H nor any other party involved in creating, producing or delivering this Web site is liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect or punitive damages arising out of your access to, or use of, this Web site. Without limiting the foregoing, everything on this site is provided to you "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. Please note that some jurisdictions may not allow exclusions of implied warranties, so some of these exclusions may not apply to you. Check your local laws. H2H assumes no liability and shall not be liable for any damages to, or viruses that may infect, your computer equipment or other property on account your use of this Web site.
General
Third party Internet sites accessible through hyperlinks from this site have their own privacy practices, and H2H has no responsibility or liability for these independent practices. Please review their privacy practices for yourself.
H2H does not knowingly collect, use, or share personal information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are a child under thirteen (13) years of age, you are not permitted to use our services and should not send any information about yourself to us. In the event that we become aware that we have collected personal information from any child, we will dispose of that information in accordance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) and other applicable laws and regulations.
We reserve the right to make changes to this policy. Any changes to this policy will be posted here. If a revision to this Privacy Policy, in our sole discretion, is significant, we will notify you by contacting you through the email address associated with your account.
Your Security: How Do We Protect Personal and Credit Card Information
Your personally identifiable information is kept secure. Only authorized H2H employees, agents and contractors (who have agreed to keep information secure and confidential) have access to this information.
We use industry-standard SSL authentication to guarantee the confidentiality and privacy of online transactions through our site.
SSL authentication and 128-bit encryption (scrambling) ensures that your online transaction and credit card information are safe from third party interception.
Please note that e-mail is not encrypted and is not considered a secure means of transmitting sensitive information such as credit card numbers.
Unfortunately, when you submit information to us (or to any other web site) over the Internet, the information may travel over many networks and systems that are not under our control and, during such time, can be intercepted. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, Head2Head Sports cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk. Further, anything you voluntarily provide in any public area of the Internet, including on the Head2Head Sports Network, may be publicly available to other visitors on that web site and potentially to other third parties, and you should always exercise caution when deciding to publicly disclose any of your personal information.
Special Note to International Users
Our services are hosted and operated in the United States and are intended for and directed to users in the United States and Canada. If you are a User accessing the Website from the European Union, Asia, or any other region with laws or regulations governing personal data collection, use, and disclosure, that differ from United States laws, please be aware that through your continued use of the Website, which is governed by U.S. law and this notice, you are transferring your personal information to the United States and that you consent to that transfer.
Whom do I contact with questions or concerns about this privacy policy?
If you need further assistance, please send an e-mail with your questions or comments to our Customer Service team at customerservice@head2head.com
Or write us at:
Head2Head Sports LLC
4727 E. Bell Rd.
Suite 45-328
Phoenix, AZ 85032
Or fax us at: (480) 429-0911
Or call us at: 1-888-PLAY-H2H (888-752-9424)
This policy was last updated on February 6, 2019.
Advertisement