http://www.ecc.edu/legal/
We would like to use cookies to store information on your computer, to improve
our website. One of the cookies we use is essential for parts of the site to operate
and has already been set. You may delete and block all cookies from this site, but
parts of the site will not work. To find out more about the cookies we use and how
to delete them, see our privacy notice. For privacy information for individuals within the European Union, see the SUNY GDPR privacy notice.
I accept cookies from this site.
Menu
Consumer & Legal Information
Home >
About ECC >
Consumer & Legal Information
Consumer and Legal InformationAt SUNY Erie, we want you to make an informed choice about
attending our college. To assist you in your decision, we have provided
you with important information. On this page, you will find anything from
student financial assistance and immunization policies to textbook
information and job placement. If you need to speak with someone, please
contact SUNY Erie at (716) 851-1ECC and someone will be able to direct your
call.General Institutional Information
Articulation Agreements with Other Institutions
Career and Job Placement Services
Code of Conduct
Copyright Infringement - Policies and Sanctions
Credit Hour Policy
Educational Programs
Facilities and Services for Students with Disabilities
Faculty
Institutional Facilities
IT Services Acceptable Use Policy
JMZ Final Report
Net Price Calculator
Price of Attendance
Privacy of Student Records - Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA)
Refund Policy and Requirements for Withdrawal and Return of Federal Financial Aid
Student Activities
Student Diversity
Student Support Services
Textbook Information
Transfer Information  AdmissionsState University of New York (SUNY) policy prohibits SUNY Erie admission applications from inquiring into an applicant’s prior criminal history. After acceptance, the College shall inquire if the student previously has been convicted of a felony if such individual seeks campus housing or participation in clinical or field experiences, internships or study abroad programs. The information required to be disclosed under SUNY policy regarding such felony convictions shall be reviewed by a standing campus committee consistent with the legal standards articulated in New York State Corrections Law.
Students who have previously been convicted of a felony are advised that their prior criminal history may impede their ability to complete the requirements of certain academic programs and/or to meet licensure requirements for certain professions. Students who have concerns about such matters are advised to contact the dean's office of their intended academic program.
Athletics
Equity in Athletics Disclosure Act (EADA) Survey
Intercollegiate Athletic Program Participation Rates and Financial Support Data
Persistence, Retention, and Graduation Outcomes for Students Receiving Athletically-Related Aid
Financial Assistance
Assistance Available from Federal, State, Local and Institutional Programs
Federal Student Financial Aid Penalties for Drug Law Violations
Scholarship and Other Funding Sources
Student Loan Information
Rights and Responsibilities of Borrowers
Institutional Code of Conduct for Education Loans
Health and Safety
Drug and Alcohol Abuse Prevention Program
College Safety Information and Crime Statistics
Immunization Policies
Student Outcomes
Awards Granted
Job Placement Rates for Graduates
Pass Rates for Licensing Exams
Retention, Graduation and Transfer Rates Voter Registration
Presidential SearchAdministrationConsumer & Legal InformationEquity and DiversityAcademic Program Licensure Compliance Disclosure StatementsHistory & TraditionLocations, Maps & DirectionsPress ReleasesSUNY Erie in the NewsVisiting ECC
Need Help?
Welcome CenterSUNY ErieNorth Campus6205 Main StreetWilliamsville, NY 14221P: (716) 851-1ECCE: info@ecc.edu
Fast FactsCollege Institution List (with CEEB Codes)High School and College Institution List (with CEEB Codes)Student Unofficial Course Transfer Evaluation Matrix for Courses that Transfer into SUNY Erie from Other InstitutionsSUNY Transfer Mobility Definitions for Courses that Transfer from SUNY Erie to other SUNY Institutions
SUNY Erie Facts
SUNY Erie at a Glance - 2015-16