https://www.golfridgecreek.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to footerPRIVACY POLICY
Introduction
This Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) describes the measures KemperSports Management, Inc. (“KSM”; “we”; or “us”) takes with regard to collecting, using, protecting and disclosing personally identifiable information (including, without limitation, name, address, telephone number, and e-mail address) that you voluntarily provide through this web site or the web site of any of our Business Partners (as defined below) that is provided to us or via e-mail to us or any of our Business Partners that they provide to us (collectively, “personal information”).  It also describes KSM’s practices with respect to non-personal information, which includes tracking information collected as you navigate through this web site.  We and our Business Partners may use personal information subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy and applicable law.   Our Business Partners may also utilize personal information that they collect pursuant to their own privacy policy(ies).    We are not responsible for the actions of our Business Partners with respect to their use of personal information you provide to them.   Please note that use of this web site constitutes your acceptance of this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
We collect personal information that you provide primarily to respond to your inquiries and to provide you with or contact you about the services, products or other matters described on this site or the sites of our affiliates, partners, advertisers or clients, including the golf course properties we manage (collectively, “Business Partners”).
We also collect personal information to enhance your visit to this site or our Business Partners’ sites and deliver more individualized content, advertising and/or offers.  For example, we may use personal information to communicate with you regarding this Privacy Policy or regarding surveys, sweepstakes, contests, special events, promotions and other matters.  We may combine information collected online with information we have collected through other means.
Personal Information may also be collected and used on our behalf by, or shared with, third party contractors we hire to assist us in the administration, hosting, operation, maintenance and/or technical support of this site or our Business Partners’ sites or by other third party contractors we retain to assist us or our Business Partners in the operation of our respective businesses.
We may also collect and aggregate non-personal information (information that does not personally identify you) from users of this site or our Business Partners’ sites to analyze web site traffic, e.g. determine which web site pages are visited most frequently or what features are most attractive to users or for other reasons, and take action based on the analysis, e.g. improve the sites.
At any time, if you do not wish to receive e-mail from us or you do not wish us to use your personal information in any way, you may “opt out” by following the instructions in the e-mail that you receive from us or by contacting us as described below in the section entitled, “Opting Out.”  If you do not wish to receive e-mail from our Business Partners, you may “opt out” in the same manner and we will take you off the marketing lists that we maintain related to our Business Partners and notify appropriate Business Partner.  However, we are not responsible for the actions or inactions of our Business Partners.  Unless you provide instructions by “opting out,” neither we nor our Business Partners are restricted in any way with regard to how we may use personal information you supply, subject to applicable law and this Privacy Policy, and we may share it with, or sell or license it to, our Business Partners or other third parties for marketing or other purposes.
Notwithstanding anything else in this Privacy Policy, including any “opt out” instructions we receive from you, we may also disclose personal information without notifying you in the following circumstances:  (i) in response to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our or our Business Partners’ legal rights or defend against legal claims; (ii) when we believe it necessary in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our or our Business Partners’ Terms of Use, and/or to protect our or our Business Partners’ rights and property or those of others with which we do business; or (iii) when we or a Business Partner sells, buys, merges or partners with other companies or businesses, where user information may be among the transferred assets or disclosed information.
How We Gather Information
Log Files
As is true of most web sites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files.  This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data.  We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users’ movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our or our Business Partners’ user base as a whole.  We do not link this automatically-collected data to personal information, nor do we tie IP addresses to personal information.
Cookies/Pixels
We, along with our service providers, use cookies and similar technologies known as “pixel tags”, “web beacons” or “clear GIFs” on our web site. Cookies are small text files that a web browser uses to store certain data which helps us to identify your preferences and to optimize your experience on our Web Sites. Cookies also allow us to hold selections when making a reservation or engaging in another transaction on one of our Business Partners’ web sites without checking out. Pixel tags, web beacons or clear GIFs are small electronic images (often a single pixel (1×1) that are ordinarily not visible to web site visitors and may be associated with cookies on the visitor’s hard drive) used by our service providers on our web sites as part of our advertising program which helps us display customized advertisements to you based on your browsing behavior and to evaluate the effectiveness of our program.
We use a third-party tracking service, Google Analytics, that uses cookies to track non-personally identifiable usage and volume statistics about visitors to this site or our Business Partners’ sites in the aggregate for the purpose of understanding how those sites are used as well as targeting advertising and marketing materials to you.  A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s computer for record-keeping purposes.  . We may use other similar third-party web analytics services on this web site for similar purposes. By using this web site, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google and other analytics providers in the manner and for the purposes set out above. For more information regarding Google Analytics please visit Google’s web site, and pages that describe Google Analytics, such as www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html.
Do Not Track Protocols
The major browsers have attempted to implement the draft “Do Not Track” (“DNT”) standard of the World Wide Web Consortium (“W3C”) in their latest releases. As this standard has not been finalized, the web site is not compatible with DNT and so we do not recognize DNT settings.
Links to Other Sites
To the extent that this site or our Business Partners’ sites contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by KSM or our Business Partners, please be aware that neither we nor our Business Partners are responsible for the privacy practices of those other web sites.  We encourage you to be aware when you leave this site or our Business Partners’ sites and to read the privacy statements and policies of each and every web site that collects personal information.
Security
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information we receive from unauthorized access or disclosure.  However, no method of electronic storage or security is 100% reliable.  In addition, please be advised that the web pages on this site or our Business Partners’ sites from which you may be asked to provide personal information do not transmit such information in encrypted form.
Right to Access, Amend, Opt Out
If you would like to know the personal information in our possession about you, if your personal information changes, or if you no longer want us to use your personal information, such as to opt out of receiving  electronic communications from us (except as expressly provided above), please contact us via e-mail at info@kempersports.com, or via postal mail at:  KemperSports Management, Inc., Web Site Opt Out, Legal Dep’t., 500 Skokie Boulevard, Suite 444, Northbrook, IL 60062.  Please allow up to thirty days for response, and we may ask for additional information in order to authenticate your request.  Our sole obligation, unless otherwise required by law, shall be to exercise commercially reasonable efforts to comply with your request.
International Users
This is a U.S. focused web site.  The web site is not directed to users outside of the United States and are administered from the United States.  Information provided through the web site may be uploaded to a cloud and/or transferred to the U.S.    By providing information to the web site or to those operated by our Business Partners you consent to the transfer, processing and/or use of the information to the U.S. and/or through a cloud.   In the event you utilize the web site from outside of the U.S., you consent to the uploading of any information to a cloud and the transfer of the information to the U.S.
California Residents
If you are a California resident, you may ask us certain information about the type of your personal information we share with third parties for direct marketing purposes and the identity of any such third party.  Once per calendar year, California residents may request this information by contacting us at the address set forth above.
Children
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from or relating to any child under 13 years of age.  If you believe we have any information from or relating to any child under the age of 13, please contact us at the address listed below so that we may remove such data from our records.
Careers
Information about potential employment opportunities with KSG and at golf course properties we manage can be accessed from the career section of this web site.   KSG is an equal opportunity employer.   Information provided through the careers section will be used to process employment applications, including by assessing qualifications, verifying information, conducting reference or other employment-related checks (if you submit an application for employment), but will not be used for marketing purposes.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
KSM reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time by posting revisions to it on this site.  Please check this page periodically for changes.  Your continued use of this site following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy will mean that you accept those changes.
Copyright © 2012-2018  KemperSports Management, Inc.  (Revised 9/1/18)
DELIVERING POWERFUL RESULTS. Custom Property Management & Services
KemperSports
500 Skokie Blvd., Suite 444
Northbrook, IL 60062
847.850.1818
Privacy Policy
© 2018 KemperSports, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
FooterContact
3018 Ridge Creek Drive, Dinuba, CA 93618
(559) 591-2254
Quick Links
Tee Times
Buy a Gift Card
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy