http://www.kimbaileyracing.com/privacy-policy/
Baileys Blog
Horses
Results
Gallops Cam
Home
Baileys Blog
About Us
About Kim Bailey
Meet The Team
Job Vacancies
Horses
In Training
Horses For Sale
Where Are They Now
Syndicates
Kim Bailey Racing
Chasing For Charity
Thorndale Farm
Daily Routine
Raceday Routine
Morning On The Gallops
Thorndale Farm
Ownership
Why Kim Bailey
Training Costs
FAQ
Ownership
Owner Interviews
Gallery
Links
Contact
Entries
Kim Bailey Racing Ltd Privacy Notice
This notice sets out how we; Kim Bailey Racing Ltd will use your personal data so we are transparent with you and you feel that you are in control of your information. Please read this with care as by using our services you agree to this privacy notice.
What data do we hold?
Your Title
Your first name and surname
Your address details
Your telephone number
Email address
Your username and passwords for any online accounts you have set up with us
Bank details (if necessary)
Do we have a reason for every piece of data we collect on this function?
We only hold the information that you have provided to us to enable you to access your online account.
The information that we request is collected to set up your online account
Where do we store this data?
Your data is stored within our webpage which is held by The Smarter Web Company.
Your data is stored behind a firewall on our internal systems; this prevents unauthorised people from gaining access to it.
Access to our internal systems is restricted to Kim Bailey Racing Management Staff via a regularly changing and complex username and password convention. Our data is protected by suitably configured firewalls – this means that data is not exposed to the public thereby protecting the data from theft and subsequent loss.
Your rights
Your rights to access the Personal Data we hold on you – You can request to see all personal data we hold on you. You have the right to contact us via our webpage and we will review your request and reply to you at our earliest opportunity.
Your right to rectification if your personal data is inaccurate or incomplete – we strive to ensure we have the most accurate and up to date however, please advise us as soon as possible, if any of the information we hold on you is inaccurate and we will rectify.
The right to remove that your personal data is removed or deleted where there is no legal basis or compelling reason for this to be processed any longer
The right to withdraw the consent that you provided to us at any time. If you have provided us with your explicit consent to process your data, you can withdraw this at any time.
Bailey’s Blog
11th December 202011-12-2020 06:29:54 in General
by AdminPlus 8 and drizzling when driving in.
Warwick yesterday was a lonely place for those who went. Tier 3..
Voyburg certainly ran with promise.. The November ride of the month jockey David Bass said he had never been so fast in a bumper. Odd one but one has to take him on trust for that, but Voyburg was green and very inexperienced and will have learnt a great deal from yesterday experience..
I fai...Read more...
Read More
Latest Tweets