https://www.pitchero.com/terms-of-service
Terms of Service
Terms of Service for Individuals
1
General
1.1
www.pitchero.com is operated by Pitch Hero Limited ("We" "Us" "Our" "Pitchero").
We are registered in England and Wales under company number 06361033 and have Our registered office at Sterling House, Capitol Park East, Tingley, Leeds, West Yorkshire, WF3 1DR.
1.2
This document (together with the documents referred to in it) tells you the terms of service (“Terms”) which apply to Our website www.pitchero.com (“Website”), which provides a website creation service and social network platform (“Service”). The Terms apply whether you are a guest or a registered user. By using Our Website, you indicate that you accept these Terms and that you agree to abide by them. If you do not agree to these terms of use, please refrain from using the Website. We reserve the right to update and change the Terms from time to time without notice or acceptance by you.
2
Description of service
2.1
The Service is web-based and allows users that register for an account to use the Service (each an “Account Holder”) to create and update an online profile on the Website. Once registered with the Service, each Account Holder receives his or her own profile on which to post Content (as defined in clause 8.1). Unless explicitly stated otherwise, any new features that augment or enhance the current Service, including the release of new Pitchero tools and resources, shall be subject to these Terms.
2.2
In order to use the Service, you must arrange for access to the Internet and provide all equipment necessary to make such connection. Our Service may include certain communications from Us, such as service announcements, administrative messages and the Pitchero newsletter, which are considered part of Pitchero membership, although you will be able to opt out of receiving them. You agree not to access the Service by any means other than through the interfaces that are provided by Pitchero for use in accessing the Service.
3
Registration
3.1
Users under 14 years of age may access the Website but cannot be an Account Holder or create a Pitchero ID.
3.2
In order to use the Service, you must have a valid Pitchero ID. To be an Account Holder with your own website, you must provide Pitchero with a valid email address and other information ("Registration Data"). As an Account Holder, you will choose a password and account designation for your website during the Service's registration process. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and account, and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your password or account.
3.3
You agree to immediately notify Us in writing of any unauthorised use of your password or account or any other breach of security and you must ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. We will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with this clause 3.3.
3.4
You agree to provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by the Service's registration form, and you must maintain and promptly update the Registration Data to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or We have reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, We have the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Service (or any part thereof).
4
Charges and payment
4.1
Some of our packages are only available if you pay for them. The charges for the different packages are shown on the Website and are inclusive of VAT.
4.2
You can pay for a package online by credit card or by setting up a monthly direct debit (preferred method). You can also pay by cheque or electronic bank transfer although these methods will incur a £30 administration charge. If you want to pay by bank transfer our bank details are available upon request. Cheques should be made payable to Pitch Hero Ltd and posted to Pitchero, Sterling House, Capitol Park East, Tingley, Leeds, West Yorkshire WF3 1DR for the attention of Pitchero Support Team.
4.3
All payments (except cheques) are processed via 3rd party payment providers and we will not have access to your card and/or bank details at any time.
4.4
The charges will be payable in advance and you can choose whether to pay monthly or annually. If you pay online by credit card or direct debit we will automatically take payment each month/year (as applicable) and will continue to do so until you advise us otherwise.
4.5
You can give us notice to cancel a package at any time via your website control panel. You can also send us a cancellation request via email to support@pitchero.com, or in writing to our postal address.
Please include your contact details in case We have an issue with processing your request.
4.6
All cancellation requests are subject to a 7 day notice period. For cancellations via post, the notice period is effective from the date that We receive your request.
4.7
If we accidentally take payment after you have given us notice that you no longer wish to pay for a package we will refund you in full. We may also issue you with a refund if any of the package features are not available, but only if the unavailability is due to our act or omission.
4.8
If we are unable to collect payment for any reason or you fail to pay the charges, we may suspend the features of the relevant package until we receive payment in full and in cleared funds.
4.9
You may upgrade or downgrade packages at any time by selecting the package you want on the Website. If you upgrade to a higher package, the higher package will be available to you as soon as you have paid the relevant charges. If you downgrade to a lower value package, you will be charged the lower amount when your next scheduled payment is due. For the avoidance of doubt, you will not be issued a refund if you downgrade or cancel part way through a month (if paying monthly) or year (if paying annually).
4.10
We reserve the right to change the charges at any time by giving you not less than 30 days' notice.
5
Cancellation and termination
5.1
If you cancel the Service, your cancellation will take effect immediately. After cancellation, you will no longer have access to your profile and all information contained therein may be deleted. We accept no liability for such deleted information or content.
5.2
We may, in our sole discretion, terminate your password, and/or account, and remove and discard any Content within the Service (including, but not limited to your website if you are an Account Holder), for any reason, including and without limitation, the lack of use, or if We believe that you have violated or acted inconsistently the Terms. Any contracts, verbal or written, in conjunction with your deleted website, will, at Our discretion, be terminated as well. We may also, in our sole discretion and at any time, discontinue providing the Service, or any part thereof, with or without notice.
5.3
You agree that any termination of your access to the Service under these Terms may be effected without prior notice, and you acknowledge that We may immediately deactivate or delete your website and all related information and files. We reserve the right to bar any further access to such files or the Service. We will not be liable to you or any third-party for any termination of your access to the Service.
6
Data and privacy
6.1
For the purposes of this clause 6, "Data Protection Legislation" means the General Data Protection Regulation, Regulation (EU) 2016/679, the Data Protection Act 2018, any laws which implement any such laws and any laws that replace, extend, re-enact, consolidate or amend any of the foregoing.
6.2
We process your personal data to enable you to make use of the various goods and services We offer and ensure the security of your account. We may also use your data for marketing purposes and/or marketing and commercial use by third parties.
6.3
For a more detailed explanation of how your personal data is used, including disclosure to third parties, how We maintain security of your data and your rights in relation to the data We hold about you, please see our privacy policy.
6.4
When you upload any videos or photos onto Our Website, you agree to grant us a licence in accordance with clause 11.2 and We shall be free to use such videos/photos as We see fit. Where this happens, We will become data controller in respect of the videos/photos. Where you upload videos or photos of third parties, you will be asked to confirm you have their consent to do so.
6.5
Where We act as data controller, We shall:
6.5.1
process personal data in accordance Our privacy policy and with the Data Protection Legislation; and
6.5.2
implement appropriate physical, technical and organisational measures designed to secure personal data against accidental loss and unauthorised access, use, alteration or disclosure.
6.6
Where We act as data controller, you shall:
6.6.1
ensure that adequate privacy notices have been provided to Data Subjects (as defined by Data Protection Legislation) (including the Members) so they understand the circumstances in which their personal data will be shared with Us, and the purposes of the data sharing;
6.6.2
ensure that appropriate consent has been obtained from the Data Subject where required to allow their personal data to be used by Us and shared with third parties as set out in Our privacy policy; and
6.6.3
notify Us of : (a) any changes in, or revocation of, consent by a Data Subject to use or disclose personal data as collected and provided by you; and (b) any restrictions on the use of personal data to which you have agreed in accordance with the Data Subjects; in each case, to the extent that such limitations, changes or restrictions may affect Our uses or disclosures of personal data.
6.7
The parties shall not act as joint controllers for the purposes of Article 26 in the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (“GDPR”) in relation to any processing of personal data under these Terms.
6.8
Where We act as data processor, We will process personal data in accordance with these Terms and as further set out in the data processing instructions appended to these Terms or as otherwise agreed between the parties in writing (“Instructions”). You will ensure that all Instructions that you provide to Us in respect of personal data shall at all times be in accordance with Data Protection Legislation. Each party shall comply with the obligations that apply to it under the Data Protection Legislation.
6.9
Where We act as data processor:
6.9.1
Security: We shall implement appropriate physical, technical and organisational measures designed to secure personal data against accidental loss and unauthorised access, use, alteration or disclosure.
6.9.2
Sub-processing and personnel: We shall:
6.9.2.1
not permit any processing of personal data by any agent, subcontractor or other third party (“Sub-Processors”) (except Our employees or Our Sub-Processors’ employees in the course of their employment that are subject to an enforceable obligation of confidence with regards to the personal data) without your written authorisation;
6.9.2.2
prior to the relevant Sub-Processor carrying out any processing activities in respect of the personal data, appoint each Sub-Processor under a written contract containing materially the same obligations as under these Terms (including those relating to sufficient guarantees to implement appropriate technical and organisational measures) that is enforceable by Us and ensure each such Sub-Processor complies with all such obligations;
6.9.2.3
remain fully liable to you under these Terms for all the acts and omissions of each Sub-Processor as if they were Our own; and
6.9.2.4
ensure that all persons authorised by Us or any Sub-Processor to process personal data are subject to a binding written contractual obligation to keep the personal data confidential.
6.9.3
Assistance: We shall:
6.9.3.1
provide reasonable assistance to you in ensuring compliance with your obligations pursuant to Articles 32 to 36 of GDPR (and any similar obligations under applicable Data Protection Legislation) taking into account the nature of the processing and the information available to Us;
6.9.3.2
taking into account the nature of the processing, assist you (by appropriate technical and organisational measures), insofar as this is possible, for the fulfilment of your obligations to respond to requests for exercising the rights of any Data Subject under Chapter III of the GDPR (and any similar obligations under applicable Data Protection Legislation) in respect of any personal data.
6.9.4
International Transfers: We shall not process and/or transfer any personal data outside of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) unless We have taken such measures as are necessary to ensure that the transfer is in compliance with the Data Protection Legislation. Such measures may include (without limitation) transferring the personal data to a recipient in a country that the European Commission has decided provides adequate protection for personal data, to a recipient that has achieved binding corporate rules authorisation in accordance with Data Protection Legislation, or to a recipient that has executed standard contractual clauses adopted or approved by the European Commission.
6.9.5
Audits and processing: We shall, in accordance with Data Protection Legislation, make available to you such reasonable information that is in Our possession or control as is necessary to demonstrate Our compliance with Our obligations under these Terms and to demonstrate compliance with the obligations on each party imposed by Article 28 of the GDPR (and under any equivalent Data Protection Legislation equivalent to that Article 28 of the GDPR), and allow for and contribute to audits, including inspections, by you (or another auditor mandated by you) for this purpose (subject to a maximum of one audit request in any 12 month period under this clause 6.9.5).
6.9.6
Deletion/return and survival: on the end of the provision of the service relating to the processing of personal data, at your cost and at your option, We shall either return all of the personal data to you or securely dispose of it (and thereafter promptly delete all existing copies of it) except to the extent that any applicable law requires Us to store such personal data. These Terms shall survive termination
of the Service.
6.9.7
Liability: you acknowledge that We rely on you for direction as to the extent to which We are entitled to use and process the personal data. Consequently, We will only be liable for any claim brought by a Data Subject in relation to personal data arising from:
6.9.7.1
Any failure by Us to comply with Our obligations under clause 6.9.1
6.9.7.2
Us having acting in violation or contrary to instructions provided by you under these Terms or the relevant regulator.
7
Ownership of website account and security
7.1
You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and profile, and you are fully responsible for all activities that occur under the account and any other actions taken in connection with the website. You agree to notify Us immediately in writing of any unauthorised use of the account or any other breaches of security. We will not be liable for any loss or damage from your failure to comply with this clause 7. Under no circumstances will We be liable, in any way, for any acts or omissions by an Account Holder or a Guest.
8
Content and content rules and obligations
8.1
You understand that all information, data, text, software, music, sound, photographs, graphics, video, messages, goods, products, services or other materials ("Content") are the sole responsibility of the person from which such Content originated. You are entirely responsible for all Content that you upload, post, transmit or otherwise make available via the Service. We do not control the Content posted via the Service and, as such, does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of such Content.
8.2
You understand that by using the Service, you may be exposed to Content that is offensive, indecent or objectionable. Under no circumstances will We be liable in any way for any Content, including, but not limited to, for any errors or omissions in any Content, or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any Content posted, transmitted or otherwise made available via the Service.
8.3
We do not pre-screen Content, but We and Our designees shall have the right (but not the obligation) in Our sole discretion to refuse, move or delete any Content that is available via the Service. You agree that you must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with, the use of any Content, including any reliance on the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of such Content. You acknowledge that you may not rely on any Content created or submitted by Us.
8.4
We may preserve Content and may also disclose Content if required to do so by law or if We believe, in the good faith, that such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to:
8.4.1
comply with legal process;
8.4.2
enforce these Terms;
8.4.3
respond to claims that any Content violates the rights of third-parties; or
8.4.4
protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Pitchero, its users and the public.
8.5
You understand that the technical processing and transmission of the Service, including your Content, may involve transmissions over various networks and changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices.
8.6
Should Content be found or reported to be in violation with, but not limited to, the following terms, it will be in Pitchero's sole discretion as to what action should be taken.
8.7
You agree that you will not:
8.7.1
upload, post, transmit or otherwise make available any Content that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortuous, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libellous, invasive of another's privacy (including the disclosing of any address, email, phone number, or any other contact information without the written consent of the person to which such information relates), hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable;
8.7.2
impersonate any person or entity, including, but not limited to, a Pitchero official, forum leader, guide or host, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity;
8.7.3
forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any Content transmitted through the Service;
8.7.4
upload, post or otherwise transmit any Content that you do not have a right to transmit under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships (such as inside information, proprietary and confidential information learned or disclosed as part of employment relationships or under nondisclosure agreements)
8.7.5
upload, post or otherwise transmit any Content that infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, rights of privacy or publicity, or other proprietary rights of any party;
8.7.6
upload any Content unless you have the right to grant a licence in accordance with clause 11.2;
8.7.7
upload, post, or transmit unsolicited commercial email or "spam". This includes unethical marketing, advertising, or any other practice that is in any way connected with "spam", such as (a) sending mass email to recipients who haven't requested email from you or with a fake return address, (b) promoting a site with inappropriate links, titles, descriptions, or (c) promoting your site by posting multiple submissions in public forums that are identical;
8.7.8
upload, post or otherwise transmit any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment; and
8.7.9
interfere with or disrupt the Service or servers or networks connected to the Service, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the Service.
9
Viruses, hacking and other offences
9.1
You must not misuse Our Site by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to Our Site, the server on which Our Site is stored or any server, computer or database connected to Our Site. You must not attack Our Site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack.
9.2
By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and We will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use Our Site will cease immediately.
9.3
We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, viruses or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of Our Site or to your downloading of any material posted on it, or on any website linked to it.
10
Additional software
10.1
If you elect to download or access any or third party Content or additional software that may be made available by Us in connection with the Service, you understand that you may have to agree to additional terms and conditions before you use such software or third party Content.
10.2
You also agree that the use of any third party software or Content obtained through the Service does not transfer to you any rights, title or interest in or to the software or such Content, and that you will not use any Content made available to you through the software or the Service except as expressly authorised under that third party provider's terms of service or licence. For greater certainty, by downloading software or Content made available through the Service, you are deemed to agree to the terms of service or licence agreement posted on the Service, the terms of which are incorporated by reference herein for the benefit of such third party providers. If you do not agree to the terms of service or licence agreement, do not download the software or Content.
11
Intellectual property rights
11.1
We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in the Service, Website, and in the material published on it and any necessary software used in connection with the Service ("Software”).
These works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved. Except as expressly authorised by Us or advertisers, you agree not to modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute or create derivative works based on the Service or the Software, in whole or in part.
11.2
Subject to clause 6.3, We do not claim ownership of the Content you place on your website. By submitting Content to Pitchero for inclusion on your website, you grant Us a world-wide, royalty-free and non-exclusive perpetual licence to reproduce, modify, adapt, distribute, sub-licence and publish the Content.
12
Third parties and advertisers
12.1
The Service may include advertisements, which are necessary for Us to provide the Service. Your correspondence or business dealings with, or participation in promotions of, advertisers found on or through the Service, including payment and delivery of related goods or services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and such advertiser. We will not be liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings or as the result of the presence of such advertisers on the Service.
12.2
The Service may provide, or third parties may provide, links to other websites or resources. We have no control over such websites and resources and We are not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources.
12.3
We do not endorse and are not liable for any Content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such sites or resources. You further acknowledge and agree that Pitchero shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such Content, goods or services available on or through any such website or resource.
13
Indemnity
13.1
You agree to indemnify Us, and Our subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, agents, co-branders or other partners, from any claim or demand, including reasonable legal fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of your Content, your use of the Service, your guests activities, your connection to the Service, your violation of these Terms, whether you are a registered user or not. You are solely responsible for your actions when using the Service, including, but not limited to, costs incurred for Internet access.
13.2
Nothing on this Website constitutes advice, nor does the transmission, downloading or sending of any information or the Material create any contractual relationship.
14
Resale of service
14.1
You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any portion of the Service, use of the Service, or access to the Service without the express written permission by Pitchero.
15
General practices regarding use and storage
15.1
You acknowledge that Pitchero may establish general practices and limits concerning use of the Service and may modify such practices and limits from time to time without notice to you.
16
Disclaimer
16.1
You expressly understand and agree that our use of the Service is at your sole risk. The Service is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. We expressly disclaim all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement.
16.2
We will make reasonable efforts to maintain the Service, however, We are not responsible for any damage, loss of data, customer information or vendor data, revenue, or other harm to business arising out of delays, mis-delivery or non-delivery of information, restriction or loss of access, bugs or other errors, unauthorised use due to your sharing of access to the service, or other interaction with the service. You are responsible for maintaining and backing-up your data and information that may reside on the service.
16.3
We shall use reasonable endeavors to ensure that the Service is available to you in the manner specified in these Terms for 99.9% of the time excluding circumstances where the Service is not available due to scheduled or emergency maintenance.
16.4
We do not warrant that:
16.4.1
the Service will meet your specific requirements;
16.4.2
the Service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free;
16.4.3
the results that may be obtained from the use of the Service will be accurate or reliable;
16.4.4
the quality of any products, services, information, or other material purchased or obtained by you through the service will meet your expectations; and
16.4.5
any errors in the software will be corrected.
16.5
Any material downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of the Service is done at your own discretion and risk and that you will be solely responsible for any damage to your computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any such material.
16.6
No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained through or from the Service shall create any warranty not expressly stated in these Terms.
17
Limitation of liability
17.1
To the extent permitted by law, We, other members of Our group of companies and third parties connected to Us hereby expressly exclude:
17.1.1
all conditions, warranties and other terms which might otherwise be implied by statute, common law or the law of equity; and
17.1.2
any liability for any direct, indirect or consequential loss or damage incurred by any user in connection with Our Website or in connection with the use, inability to use, or results of the use of Our Website, any websites linked to it and any materials posted on it, including:
17.1.2.1
loss of income or revenue;
17.1.2.2
loss of business;
17.1.2.3
loss of profits or contracts;
17.1.2.4
loss of anticipated savings;
17.1.2.5
loss of data;
17.1.2.6
loss of goodwill; and
17.1.2.7
wasted management or office time, whether caused by tort (including negligence), breach of contract or otherwise, even if foreseeable, provided that this condition shall not prevent claims for loss of or damage to your tangible property or any other claims for direct financial loss that are not excluded by any of the categories set out above.
17.1.3
This does not affect Our liability for death or personal injury arising from Our negligence, or Our liability for fraudulent misrepresentation or misrepresentation as to a fundamental matter, or any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
18
General
18.1
Failure by Us to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
18.2
These Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and Us and govern your use of the Service, superseding any prior agreements.
18.3
If a court says that part of this agreement is not enforceable in law the rest of the agreement shall still be enforceable.
18.4
The English courts will have exclusive jurisdiction over any claim arising from, or related to, a visit to Our Website although We retain the right to bring proceedings against you for breach of these conditions in your country of residence or any other relevant country.
18.5
These Terms and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with them or their subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of England and Wales.
19
Contact us
19.1
If You have any questions, comments or concerns regarding these Terms please contact us at support@pitchero.com or write to us at Pitch Hero Limited,
Sterling House, Capitol Park East, Tingley, Leeds, West Yorkshire, WF3 1DR.
19.2
Please report any violations of these Terms to support@pitchero.com.
Last updated: September 2020
Terms of Service for Clubs
1
General
1.1
www.pitchero.com is operated by Pitch Hero Limited ("We" "Us" "Our" "Pitchero").
We are registered in England and Wales under company number 06361033 and have Our registered office at Sterling House, Capitol Park East, Tingley, Leeds, West Yorkshire, WF3 1DR.
1.2
This document (together with the documents referred to in it) tells you the terms of service (“Club Terms”) that apply to any club/league/county entity (“Club”) when you set up a new site (“Club Account”) using Our website www.pitchero.com (“Website”), which provides a website creation service and social network platform (“Service”). The Club Terms constitute the terms between Pitchero and the Club.
1.3
The individual who creates the Club Account on behalf of the Club (“Webmaster” “You”) undertake that You have the necessary authority to enter into the Club Terms on behalf of the Club. Both You and any other person to whom you give administrative access to and/or control of the Club Account (“Officials”) must ensure adherence to the Club Terms on behalf of the Club.
1.4
By creating a Club Account, you indicate that you accept these Club Terms and that You agree to abide by them. If You do not agree to these terms of use, please refrain from creating a Club Account. We reserve the right to update and change the Club Terms from time to time and your continued use of the Services will constitute your acceptance of such changes.. The terms are additional to the Terms You agreed to when signing up to Our Website. If there is any conflict between the Terms and these Club Terms, the Club Terms shall prevail.
2
Creation of a club account
2.1
To create a Club Account You must have a valid Pitchero ID and be aged 18 or over. As Webmaster You are responsible for the operation and administration of the Club Account.
2.2
You agree to immediately notify Us in writing of any unauthorised use of the Club Account or any other breach of security and You must ensure that You exit from your the Club Account at the end of each session. We will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with this clause 2.2.
2.3
You agree to provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself and the Club (“Registration Data”) as prompted by the Club Account registration form, and You must maintain and promptly update the Registration Data to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. If You provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or We have reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, We have the right to suspend or terminate your individual account and/or the Club Account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Service (or any part thereof).
3
Charges and payment
3.1
Some of our packages are only available if You/the Club pay for them. The charges for the different packages are shown on the Website and are inclusive of VAT.
3.2
You/the Club can pay for a package online by credit card or by setting up a monthly direct debit (preferred method). You can also pay by cheque or electronic bank transfer although these methods will incur a £30 administration charge. If You/the Club want to pay by bank transfer our bank details are available upon request. Cheques should be made payable to Pitch Hero Ltd and posted to Pitchero, Sterling House, Capitol Park East, Tingley, Leeds, West Yorkshire, WF3 1DR for the attention of Pitchero Support Team.
3.3
All payments (except cheques) are processed via 3rd party payment providers and We will not have access to Your card and/or bank details at any time.
3.4
The charges will be payable in advance and You can choose whether to pay monthly or annually. If You pay online by credit card or direct debit We will automatically take payment each month/year (as applicable) and will continue to do so until You advise us otherwise.
3.5
You can give us notice to cancel a package at any time via your website control panel. You can also send us a cancellation request via email to support@pitchero.com, or in writing to our postal address.
Please include your contact details in case We have an issue with processing your request.
3.6
All cancellation requests are subject to a 7 day notice period. For cancellations via post, the notice period is effective from the date that We receive your request.
3.7
If We accidentally take payment after you have given us notice that You/the Club no longer wish to pay for a package We will refund you in full. We may also issue you with a refund if any of the package features are not available, but only if the unavailability is due to our act or omission.
3.8
You may upgrade or downgrade packages at any time by selecting the package you want on the Website. If You upgrade to a higher package, the higher package will be available to You as soon as You/the Club have paid the relevant charges. If you downgrade to a lower value package, You/the Club will be charged the lower amount when your next schedules payment is due. For the avoidance of doubt, You/the Club will not be issued a refund if You/the Club downgrade or cancel part way through a month (if paying monthly) or year (if paying annually).
3.9
If We are unable to collect payment for any reason or You/the Club fail to pay the charges, We may suspend the features of the relevant package until we receive payment in full and in cleared funds.
3.10
We reserve the right to change the charges at any time by giving You/the Club not less than 30 days’ notice.
3.11
Some of our packages include the registration of a domain name. If You already have a domain name, You may transfer it into our system.
3.12
We also provide electronic mailboxes and forwarding addresses. Please see the pricing page for the limits per package.
3.13
We will cover the cost of your domain name registration and any mailboxes or forwarding addresses for as long as you continue to pay for your package.
3.14
If you cancel your subscription or fail to pay for your website package, you may experience interruption to your domain name and associated mailbox service.
3.15
All domain names and associated mailboxes are processed via a 3rd party registrar and will be administered by Us. You will continue to own the domain.
3.16
You can transfer the domain name to another registrar/provider. An administration fee of £30 is incurred in order to process the transfer. Please email support@pitchero.com for details of this process.
4
Transaction fees
4.1
Our shop and payments system allows You to collect money from your members.
4.2
Each transaction carries a transaction fee to us and also to the relevant payment provider. Our standard transaction fee is 2.9%.
It is possible reduce this to 1.9% by subscribing to the Elite package or 0.9% by subscribing to the Ultimate package. The transaction fee is inclusive of VAT.
Exports from the shop and payments systems will separate the VAT.
4.3
Current payment provider transaction fees are available via their respective websites.
At the time of writing, provider fees for UK clubs are:
4.3.1
GoCardless: 1% + 20p (max: £4)
4.3.2
Stripe: 1.4% + 20p
4.4
Each payment provider may charge VAT on their transaction fees. Please refer to the payment provider for details.
4.5
Clubs outside of the UK should see provider websites for pricing specific to their location: GoCardless (Director debit/SEPA), Stripe (Credit & debit cards).
5
Cancellation and termination
5.1
If You cancel the Club Account, the cancellation will take effect immediately. After cancellation the Club Account will be de-activated and will no longer be accessible by the public, by You or the Club Account members unless You expressly require us to do so, We will not close the Club Account and will keep this in existence so We can try find someone who will take over the Club Account.
Where You require us to close the Club Account, You will have the opportunity to copy and paste information and content from the Club Account prior to its closure. When a Club Account is closed all information therein may be deleted and We accept no liability for such deleted information or consent.
5.2
We may, in our sole discretion, terminate and/or suspend the Club Account and remove and discard any content within the Club Account for any reason, including without limitation, if We believe that You have violated or acted inconsistently with the Club Terms.
5.3
You agree that any termination of your access to the Service under these Club Terms may be effected without prior notice and you acknowledge that We may immediately deactivate or delete the Club Account and all related information and files. We reserve the right to bar any further access to such files or the Service. We will not be liable to You or any third-party for any termination of your access to the Service.
6
Data and privacy
6.1
For the purpose of this clause 6, “Data Protection Legislation” means the GDPR, the Data Protection Act 2018, any laws which implement any such laws and any laws that replace, extend, re-enact, consolidate or amend any of the foregoing.
6.2
We understand that You will collect data from members during the administration of the Club Account. You may also upload other information onto our Website such as (without limitation) fixture lists, team line ups, match scores, match summaries, videos and photos (“Club Data”). Where such data is personal data (as defined by Data Protection Legislation) You will be the data controller (as defined by Data Protection Legislation) and You shall ensure that You
comply with all Your obligations as data controller when using such data including but not limited to:
6.2.1
ensuring that adequate privacy notices have been provided to data subjects (as defined by Data Protection Legislation) (including the Members) so they understand the circumstances in which their personal data will be shared with Us, and the purposes of the data sharing; and
6.2.2
ensuring that appropriate consent has been obtained from the data subject where required to allow their personal data to be used by Us and shared with third parties as set out in our privacy policy available on our website.
6.3
We have provided a GDPR toolkit on our website which will assist You/the Club in your compliance with Data Protection Legislation.
This information should be used as a guide only and we strongly recommend that you seek your own legal advice and/or refer to the Information Commissioner’s Office guidance on its website for further information.
6.4
The Club will indemnify Us against any claims, losses, damage or fines We incur due to Your breach of clauses 6.2 and 6.6.
6.5
When you upload any videos or photos onto Our Website, You and the Club agree to grant us a licence in accordance with clause 9.2 and We shall be free to use such videos/photos as We see fit. Where this happens, We will become data controller in respect of the videos/photos. Where you upload videos or photos of third parties, you will be asked to confirm you have their consent to do so.
6.6
The Club shall comply in all respects with the provisions of Data Protection Legislation and its capacity as data controller in relation to all information made available to it.
6.7
Where We act as data controller, We shall:
6.7.1
process personal data in accordance our privacy policy and with the Data Protection Legislation; and
6.7.2
implement appropriate physical, technical and organisational measures designed to secure personal data against accidental loss and unauthorised access, use, alteration or disclosure.
6.8
Where We act as data controller, You shall:
6.8.1
ensure that adequate privacy notices have been provided to Data Subjects (as defined by Data Protection Legislation) (including the Members) so they understand the circumstances their personal data will be shared with Us, and the purposes of the data sharing;
6.8.2
ensure that appropriate consent has been obtained from the Data Subject where required to allow their personal data to be used by Us and shared with third parties as set out in Our privacy policy; and
6.8.3
notify Us of : (a) any changes in, or revocation of, consent by a Data Subject to use or disclose personal data as collected and provided by You; and (b) any restrictions on the use of personal data to which You have agreed in accordance with your Data Subjects; in each case, to the extent that such limitations, changes or restrictions may affect Our uses or disclosures of personal data.
6.9
Where We act as data processor, We will process personal data in accordance with these Club Terms and as further set out in the data processing instructions appended to these Club Terms or as otherwise agreed between the parties in writing (“Instructions”). You will ensure that all Instructions that are provided to Us in respect of personal data shall at all times be in accordance with Data Protection Legislation. Each party shall comply with the obligations that apply to it under the Data Protection Legislation.
6.10
Where We act as data processor:
6.10.1
Security: We shall implement appropriate physical, technical and organisational measures designed to secure personal data against accidental loss and unauthorised access, use, alteration or disclosure.
6.10.2
Sub-processing and personnel: We shall:
6.10.2.1
not permit any processing of personal data by any agent, subcontractor or other third party (“Sub-Processors”) (except Our employees or Our Sub-Processors’ employees in the course of their employment that are subject to an enforceable obligation of confidence with regards to the personal data) without Your written authorisation;
6.10.2.2
prior to the relevant Sub-Processor carrying out any processing activities in respect of the personal data, appoint each Sub-Processor under a written contract containing materially the same obligations as under these Club Terms (including those relating to sufficient guarantees to implement appropriate technical and organisational measures) that is enforceable by Us and ensure each such Sub-Processor complies with all such obligations;
6.10.2.3
remain fully liable to You under these Club Terms for all the acts and omissions of each Sub-Processor as if they were Our own; and
6.10.2.4
ensure that all persons authorised by Us or any Sub-Processor to process personal data are subject to a binding written contractual obligation to keep the personal data confidential.
6.10.3
Assistance: We shall:
6.10.3.1
provide reasonable assistance to You in ensuring compliance with Your obligations pursuant to Articles 32 to 36 of the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (“GDPR”) (and any similar obligations under applicable Data Protection Legislation) taking into account the nature of the processing and the information available to Us.
6.10.3.2
taking into account the nature of the processing, assist You (by appropriate technical and organisational measures), insofar as this is possible, for the fulfilment of Your obligations to respond to requests for exercising the rights of any Data Subject (as defined in the applicable Data Protection Legislation) under Chapter III of the GDPR (and any similar obligations under applicable Data Protection Legislation) in respect of any personal data.
6.10.4
International Transfers: We shall not process and/or transfer any personal data outside of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) unless We have taken such measures as are necessary to ensure that the transfer is in compliance with the Data Protection Legislation. Such measures may include (without limitation) transferring the personal data to a recipient in a country that the European Commission has decided provides adequate protection for personal data, to a recipient that has achieved binding corporate rules authorisation in accordance with Data Protection Legislation, or to a recipient that has executed standard contractual clauses adopted or approved by the European Commission.
6.10.5
Audits and processing: We shall, in accordance with Data Protection Legislation, make available to You such reasonable information that is in Our possession or control as is necessary to demonstrate Our compliance with Our obligations under these Club Terms and to demonstrate compliance with the obligations on each party imposed by Article 28 of the GDPR (and under any equivalent Data Protection Legislation equivalent to that Article 28 of the GDPR), and allow for and contribute to audits, including inspections, by You (or another auditor mandated by You) for this purpose (subject to a maximum of one audit request in any 12 month period under this clause 6.9.5).
6.10.6
Deletion/return and survival: on the end of the provision of the service relating to the processing of personal data, at Your cost and at Your option, We shall either return all of the personal data to You or securely dispose of it (and thereafter promptly delete all existing copies of it) except to the extent that any applicable law requires Us to store such personal data. These Club Terms shall survive termination of the service.
6.10.7
Liability: you acknowledge that We rely on You for direction as to the extent to which We are entitled to use and process the personal data. Consequently, We will only be liable for any claim brought by a Data Subject in relation to personal data arising from:
6.10.7.1
Any failure by Us to comply with Our obligations under clause 6.9.1
6.10.7.2
Us having acting in violation or contrary to instructions provided by You under these Club Terms or the relevant regulator.
7
Ownership of club account and security
7.1
You are responsible for maintaining the security of the Club Account and You are fully responsible for all activities that occur under the Club Account. You agree to notify Us immediately in writing of any unauthorised use of the Club Account or any other breaches of security.
7.2
If and when You decide to add an Official to the Club Account, You must ensure that such person is over the age of 18.
7.3
The Official will have administrative access to the Club Account you must ensure that the person is a responsible adult as they will have access to personal data and/or sensitive personal data. We strongly advise You carry out any necessary backgrounds check before appointing an Official, especially if the Club Account has members who are under the age of 18.
7.4
We will not be liable for any loss or damage from Your failure to comply with this clause 7. Under no circumstances will We be liable, in any way, for any acts or omissions by an Official or a Member.
8
Content and conduct rules and obligations
8.1
All information, data, text, software, music, sound, photographs, graphics, video, messages, goods, products, services or other materials ("Content") are the sole responsibility of the person from which such Content originated. As Web Master You have a responsibility to moderate any such Content on the Club Account and remove it where you think it is inappropriate. We do not control the Content posted via the Service and, as such, do not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of such Content.
8.2
We may preserve Content and may also disclose Content if required to do so by law or if We believe, in the good faith, that such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to:
8.2.1
comply with legal process;
8.2.2
enforce these Club Terms;
8.2.3
respond to claims that any Content violates the rights of third-parties; or
8.2.4
protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Pitchero, its users and the public.
8.3
Notwithstanding Your duty to moderate the Club Account, should Content be found or reported to be in violation of these Club Terms or the Terms, it will be in Pitchero's sole discretion as to what action should be taken.
9
Intellectual property rights
9.1
We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in the Service, Website, and in the material We publish on it and any necessary software used in connection with the Service ("Software”). These works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved. Except as expressly authorised by Us or advertisers, You agree not to modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute or create derivative works based on the Service or the Software, in whole or in part.
9.2
Subject to clause 6.5, We do not claim ownership of the Content You or your members place on the Club Account. By submitting Content to Pitchero for inclusion on the Club Account, you grant Us a world-wide, royalty-free and non-exclusive perpetual licence to reproduce, modify, adapt, distribute, sub-licence and publish the Content.
You and any Official will not upload any Content unless you have the right to grant a Licence in accordance with this clause.
10
Indemnity
10.1
The Club shall agree to indemnify Us, and Our subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, agents, co-branders or other partners, from any claim or demand, including reasonable legal fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of any Content, Your use of the Service, Your members’ activities, Your connection to the Service, your violation of these Club Terms. You are solely responsible for Your actions when using the Service, including, but not limited to, costs incurred for Internet access.
11
Disclaimer
11.1
You expressly understand and agree that where You use the Service, this is at your/the Club's sole risk. The Service is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. We expressly disclaim all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement.
11.2
We will make reasonable efforts to maintain the Service, however, We are not responsible for any damage, loss of data, customer information or vendor data, revenue, or other harm to business arising out of delays, mis-delivery or non-delivery of information, restriction or loss of access, bugs or other errors, unauthorised use due to You sharing access to the Service, or other interaction with the Service. You are responsible for maintaining and backing-up your data and information that may reside on the Service.
11.3
We shall use reasonable endeavors to ensure that the Service is available to you/the Club in the manner specified in these Club Terms for 99.9% of the time excluding circumstances where the Service is not available due to scheduled or emergency maintenance.
11.4
We do not warrant that:
11.4.1
the Service will meet your specific requirements;
11.4.2
the Service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free;
11.4.3
the results that may be obtained from the use of the Service will be accurate or reliable;
11.4.4
the quality of any products, services, information, or other material purchased or obtained by you through the service will meet your expectations; and
11.4.5
any errors in the software will be corrected.
11.5
Any material downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of the Service is done at your own discretion and risk and that You and any Official will be solely responsible for any damage to your computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any such material.
11.6
No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained through or from the Service shall create any warranty not expressly stated in these Terms.
12
Limitation of liability
12.1
To the extent permitted by law, We, other members of Our group of companies and third parties connected to Us hereby expressly exclude:
12.1.1
all conditions, warranties and other terms which might otherwise be implied by statute, common law or the law of equity; and
12.1.2
any liability for any direct, indirect or consequential loss or damage incurred by any user in connection with Our Website or in connection with the use, inability to use, or results of the use of Our Website, any websites linked to it and any materials posted on it, including:
12.1.2.1
loss of income or revenue;
12.1.2.2
loss of business;
12.1.2.3
loss of profits or contracts;
12.1.2.4
loss of anticipated savings;
12.1.2.5
loss of data;
12.1.2.6
loss of goodwill; and
12.1.2.7
wasted management or office time, whether caused by tort (including negligence), breach of contract or otherwise, even if foreseeable, provided that this condition shall not prevent claims for loss of or damage to your tangible property or any other claims for direct financial loss that are not excluded by any of the categories set out above.
12.1.3
This does not affect Our liability for death or personal injury arising from Our negligence, or Our liability for fraudulent misrepresentation or misrepresentation as to a fundamental matter, or any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
13
General
13.1
Failure by Us to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Club Terms shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
13.2
These Club Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and Us in relation to the operation of any Club Account and supersede any prior agreements.
13.3
If a court says that part of this agreement is not enforceable in law the rest of the agreement shall still be enforceable.
13.4
The English courts will have exclusive jurisdiction over any claim arising from, or related to, a visit to Our Website although We retain the right to bring proceedings against you for breach of these conditions in your country of residence or any other relevant country.
13.5
These Club Terms and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with them or their subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of England and Wales.
14
Contact us
14.1
If You have any questions, comments or concerns regarding these Club Terms please contact us
at support@pitchero.com or write to us at Pitch Hero Limited, Sterling House, Capitol Park East, Tingley, Leeds, West Yorkshire, WF3 1DR.
14.2
Please report any violations of these Club Terms to support@pitchero.com.
Last updated: September 2020
Schedule 1 – Data processing details
Processing of the personal data under these Terms or Club Terms as applicable shall be for the subject-matter, duration, nature and purposes and involve the types of personal data and categories of Data Subjects set out in this Schedule 1.
Subject-matter of processing
Type of Personal Data
Duration of the processing
Nature and purpose of the processing
Categories of Data Subjects
Specific processing instructions
Sports management, record keeping and promotion.
Age, address, role at club, email address and mobile telephone number (and where applicable, your login name and password) and other information from which you can be identified.Additional information added to the Membership Database by the Data Controller.
The duration in which a club or individual contracts with us and for a period of three years thereafter.
To enable clubs and individual users of the service to process the data they control.
Customers/clients and their current and previous club members.
To safely store data inputted by the data controller.
Sports management, record keeping and promotion.
Name, video footage or photographs.
The duration in which a club or individual contracts with us and for a period of ten years thereafter.
To enable clubs and individual users of the service to process the data they control.
Customers/clients and their current and previous club members.
To safely store data inputted by the data controller.