http://www.westminstercollege.edu/about/office-of-marketing-communication-and-events/marketing-and-communication-policies-and-guidelines
Marketing and Communication Policies and Guidelines
Home
About
Office Of Marketing Communication And Events
Marketing and Communication Policies and Guidelines
Jump to a section:
Brand Guidelines
Filming and Photography Policy
Accessibility in Digital Communications
Student Project Guidelines
Brand Guidelines
The Westminster College brand is represented through its visual identity and messaging. Applying Westminster's brand standards to your work—whether you're writing an email,
answering the phone, or promoting an event—maintains Westminster's brand integrity
across all audiences and media.
Filming and Photography
Members of the Westminster community can use the individual or group photo release
form for college-related photography.
Individual Photo Release
Bulk Photo Release
Before filming/photographing at Westminster College, review the information below
to determine your specific type of film/photography request. Each category requires
specific coordination processes and may require location fees and insurance paperwork.
Also review the Filming and Photography policy document and then submit a filming request.
Filming and Photography Policies
Commercial Filming (External Use)
All commercial film/photography requests on campus must be coordinated and approved
by Westminster's Office of Marketing and Communication and the Office of Auxiliary
and Event Services.  External use filming/photography includes, but is not limited
to
Theatrical release, broadcast, or print media
Industrial use (e.g., trade shows, intra-company commercial use)
Non-Westminster student filming
Editorial use
Public Service Announcements (PSAs)
Westminster student-, faculty-, or staff-contracted filming for private purposes
Documentary
Commercial film/photography requests should be coordinated at least 10 days prior
to the requested film/photography date. Additional fees may apply if the request falls
outside the 10-day window. All commercial requests will require the requesting filmmaker/photographer
to sign Westminster's Film and Photography Location Agreement.
All commercial film/photography requests should include the following information.
Project name/detailed description of film/photography project
Specific dates and times
Proposed shoot locations
Size of crew and specific logistical needs (parking, catering, maintenance, grounds,
police, etc.)
Intended distribution outlets
Production company name and responsible parties
Please direct commercial requests with the above information to the Office of Auxiliary
and Events Services at 801.832.2900 and the Office of Marketing and Communication at 801.832.2682.
With few exceptions, all commercial film/photography requests will be subject to location
fees that relate to the length of time of the project, applicable facility rental
fees, and service fees for supervision and support (maintenance, grounds, parking,
police, etc.). Standard fees include, but are not limited to
Per-day film location fee (interior and/or exterior): Starting at $5,000
Per-day photography location fee (exterior): Starting at $2,000
Per-day photography location fee (interior): $2,000 + applicable facility rental fees
Per-day photography location fee (interior and exterior): Starting at $4,000
Potential Westminster College film/photography locations from the Utah Film Commission
Due to amount of college-related events and activities throughout the school year,
Westminster may not be able to accommodate all commercial film/photography requests.
To increase your chance of success, the college recommends that requesters consider
the summer semester time frame or other academic breaks.
Please refer to Westminster's Policy Governing Campus Filming and Photography for
specific information on commercial filming and photography requests.
News Media
All news media film/photography interviews and footage by conventional media outlets
should be coordinated through the Office of Marketing and Communication at 801.832.2682.
Public relations contacts and media resources
Student/Class Film/Photography Project
Requests for student and class film/photography projects should be coordinated through
the Office of Auxiliary and Events Services at 801.832.2900 to ensure the requested location is available and the shoot will not interfere with
any classes, events, etc., on campus. The Office of Auxiliary and Events Services
will also coordinate with Campus Patrol to ensure access is available.
Private Film/Photography for Commercial Use
Faculty, staff, students, and alumni who are requesting to film/photograph the college
for commercial use should refer to the "commercial filming" category (see above) for
their request.
Drone/Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) footage
All requests for filming the campus via drone or UAV must be coordinated through the
Office of Marketing and Communication at 801.832.2682.
Accessibility in Digital Communications
Westminster College is committed to following all WCAG 2.1 AA accessibility standards in all digital communications (e.g., email, websites)
in accordance with the Americans with Disabilities Act and related federal laws.
College community members should reference the college's guidelines for addressing
accessibility concerns when preparing digital communications intended for the college
community.
Guidelines for Addressing Accessibility Concerns in Digital Communications
Student Project Guidelines
Westminster College supports hands-on student learning experiences in all areas of
study. Some areas of study present opportunities for service-learning technology and
communication-based projects with Westminster departments, programs, and services.
For those projects, it’s important to consider the following before planning your
project:
Representation of any part of the college must follow Westminster’s brand guidelines
both visually and contextually.
Visual style guide
Writing style guide
Your project must remain private such that a public audience is not able to see it
until it’s approved by the Office of Marketing and Communication and/or Information
Services.
Example 1: A website designed to promote a service on campus should be hidden from external
search engines or only accessible with a password.
Example 2: A flyer designed to promote an event or service should be submitted for approval
before posting on campus bulletin boards.
Once your project is complete and you share it with your campus stakeholder, the stakeholder
can submit it to the Office of Marketing and Communication and/or Information Services
for review. The project will be reviewed for:
Visual brand compliance
Writing style compliance
Technical implementation requirements
Technical maintenance requirements
Contact the Office of Marketing and Communication and/or Information Services for
more information or to submit a project for review.
Chris Hartman Director, Application Development 801.832.2267
Chris Hartman
Role
Full-Time Staff Director, Application Development
Degrees B.A.
Wittenberg University
Pronouns She/Her/Hers
Contact
chartman@westminstercollege.edu 801.832.2267
Giovale Library 025
Laura Kendellen Director, Web Strategy 801.832.2082
Laura Kendellen
Role
Full-Time Staff Director, Web Strategy
Pronouns She/Her/Hers
Contact
lkendellen@westminstercollege.edu 801.832.2082
Bamberger Hall 107
©