http://www.vikingathletics.com/terms-and-conditions/
icon-full-print
icon-full-email
icon-share
icon-full-linkedin
icon-full-facebook
icon-full-google
icon-full-pinterest
icon-full-tumblr
icon-full-twitter
icon-check-valid
icon-minus-full
icon-plus-full
icon-minus
icon-plus
icon-x-invalid
icon-star
icon-unchecked
icon-checked
icon-linkedin
icon-google
icon-rss
icon-stumbleupon
icon-tumblr
icon-youtube
icon-facebook
icon-instagram
icon-pinterest
icon-twitter
icon-cart
icon-close
icon-menu
icon-search
icon-spinner
icon-chevron-left
icon-chevron-right
icon-visa
icon-mastercard
icon-apple-pay
icon-american-express
icon-discover
icon-paypal
Skip to Content
Skip to Footer
Home
›
Terms and Conditions
Viking Athletics is committed to protecting your privacy. In this policy we explain how and why we collect your information, what we do with it and what controls you have over our use of it.
Your Acceptance of These Privacy Statement TermsBy using any of the sites owned or operated by Viking Athletics (referred to as "Web Sites"), you unconditionally agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy.
From time to time, we may add or change functions, features or products to our "Web Sites" or add or change services. This, and our commitment to protecting the privacy of your personal information, may result in periodic changes to this Privacy Policy. As a result, please remember to refer back to this Privacy Policy regularly to review any amendments.
What Data Do We Collect and How Do We Use It?Viking Athletics collects and processes information about you in order to:
identify you each time you visit a Web Site or wish to have a Service provided;
process orders or applications submitted by you;
improve our Services and Web Sites;
customize your experience, for example, provide advertisements that we think are relevant to you and which support any specific requests for information you may make through keyword searches;
carry out research on the demographics, interests and behavior of all of our customers;
send you information we think you may find useful, including information about new products and/or services.
You may be asked, either when you register with us, or at other times, for information about yourself, such as your name, e-mail address, postal address and telephone number. You may also be asked to share with us your interests, hobbies and preferences. In addition, when you order certain goods or services from our Web Sites, we will need to know your credit card number and expiration date.
You are under no obligation to provide this information, but if you do not, we may not be able to process your order, provide you with certain services or personalize your experience and tailor our Services for you.Log Files/IP AddressesWhen you visit our Web Sites, we automatically log your IP address (the unique address which identifies your computer on the internet) which is automatically recognized by our web server. We use IP addresses to help us administer our Web Sites and to collect broad demographic information for aggregate use. We do not link IP addresses to personally identifiable information.
Non Personal InformationWe may automatically collect non-personal information about you such as the type of internet browsers you use or the site from which you linked to our Web Sites. You cannot be identified from this information and it is only used to assist us in providing an effective service on our Web Sites. We may from time to time supply the owners or operators of third party sites from which it is possible to link to our Web Sites with information relating to the number of users linking to our Web Sites from their sites. You cannot be identified from this information.
Use of CookiesCookies are pieces of information that a Web Site transfers to your hard drive to store and sometimes track information about you. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but if you prefer, you can change your browser to prevent that. However, you may not be able to take full advantage of a Web Site if you do so. Cookies are specific to the server that created them and cannot be accessed by other servers, which means they cannot be used to track your movements around the web. Although they do identify a user's computer, cookies do not personally identify customers or passwords. Credit card information is not stored in cookies.
We may use cookies for the following reasons:
To identify who you are and to access your account information;
To estimate our audience size and patterns;To ensure that you are not asked to register twice;
To control how often visitors see similar ads;
To track preferences and to improve and update our Web Site;
To track the progress and number of entries in some of our promotions and contests.
With Whom Is the Information Shared?Viking Athletics will not share, sell or rent your personal information to third parties. However, we may disclose your personal information to third party suppliers who provide services on our behalf.
Viking Athletics may disclose aggregate statistics about our sales and/or Web Site traffic statistics in order to describe our services to prospective partners, advertisers and other reputable third parties and for other lawful purposes, but these statistics will not include personally identifying information.
Viking Athletics may disclose personal information if required to do so by law or if it believes that such action is necessary to protect and defend the rights, property or personal safety of Viking Athletics and its Web Sites, visitors to the Web Sites and customers of our Services.
We will only sell or rent your personal information to a third party either as part of a sale of the assets of a Viking Athletics company or having ensured that steps have been taken to ensure that your privacy rights continue to be protected.
Links to Third Party Web SitesOur Web Site may contain links to the sites of third parties. When you visit these sites, we suggest that you read their privacy policies. Viking Athletics is not responsible for the privacy policies or the content of such sites.
Information about Products and ServicesIt is very important to us that we provide you with the highest level of service. In order to help us do this, from time to time we may send you details of our products and services which we think may be of interest to you. If at any time you do not wish to receive these details, please contact us via the methods listed below.
SecurityViking Athletics places a great importance on the security of all information associated with our customers. We have security measures in place to attempt to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of customer data under our control. With regard to our Web Sites, when requesting sensitive financial information, we use secure server software (SSL) to encrypt transmissions between your computer and our Web Sites. While we cannot ensure or guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration of data will not occur, we use our best efforts to prevent this.
CommentsPlease e-mail any questions, concerns or comments you have about our Privacy Policy to us by using our online contact form.
Close
Name
*
Email Address
*