http://www.tellurideskiresort.com/privacy-policy/
SKI
Ski Telluride
Winter Tickets & Passes
Ski Pass Insurance
Epic Passholders
Winter Pass FAQs
Avalanche Dog Donation Pass
Equipment Rentals
THE MOUNTAIN
Trail Maps
Hike-to Terrain
Webcams
Photos
Snow Report
Safety & Responsibility
PermittedDevices
Boundaries& Uphill Policy
BackcountrySafety
Resort Policies
SKI
SCHOOL
Children’s Group Lessons
Adult Group Lessons
Private Lessons
Cubs Camp Nursery
Adaptive Program
First Timers’ Guide
Meet Our Instructors
SPECIALTY CAMPS
Development Squad
Women’s Weekend
Ski Biomechanics
Making FriendsWith Moguls
Silver Skiers Program
Heli-Ski Camp
STAY
STAY IN TELLURIDE
Featured Lodging
DINE
DINE IN TELLURIDE
On Mountain Dining
Mountain Village Dining
Town of Telluride Dining
SHOP
RESORT SHOPPING
Heritage Apparel
Telluride Naturals
Telluride Resort Store
TRAVEL
TRAVEL TO TELLURIDE
COVID-19 Know before you Go
Flying to Telluride
Driving to Telluride
Ground Transportation
Parking
SUMMER
Telluride Ski & Golf > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
TSG Ski & Golf LLC Privacy Policy
Last updated on May 21, 2018
TSG Ski & Golf LLC and other members of the TSG family of businesses (together, “TSG,” “we,” or “us”) know that you care how information about you is collected and used. This Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy” or “Policy”) is designed to inform you about what information we collect and how we use it.
SCOPE OF THE POLICY
The Policy applies to the personal information we collect when you visit any TSG website or use an online or mobile application where the Policy is posted (our “Sites”). The Policy also applies to the personal information we collect when you visit any of our resorts, retail locations, or lodging (our “Locations”). When we use the term “personal information,” we mean information that identifies a particular individual, such as the individual’s name, postal address, e-mail address, and telephone number. When other information (such as consumer preferences or demographic information) is directly associated with personal information, we treat this other information as personal information.
CONSENT TO THE POLICY
By visiting any of our Sites or providing information at any of our Locations, you agree to the collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Policy. If you do not consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Policy, you should not visit our Sites or provide information at our Locations.
Personal Information We Collect and How We Use It
We collect the following types of personal information through our Sites:
Information You Provide
We collect the personal information you provide when you use one of our Sites. This may include the registration information you provide when opening an account, transaction information, information you provide in public forums, and information you provide when you use our sites or applications, our applications on third party sites, such as social networking sites, or when you link your profile on a third-party site or platform with an account you maintain with us, or usage, viewing an technical data provided when you use our sites or applications. It may also include location information when you visit our sites or use our applications, such as location information either provided by a mobile device interacting with one of our sites or applications or that is associated with your IP address.
We use the personal information you provide to deliver the programs, products and services that you request, or to process purchases or reservations you have made on our Sites. For example, we use the information you provide when you make a reservation to reserve the type of room you requested at the hotel or resort you selected. If you join a loyalty program, we use your personal information to administer the program. Information you provide to us on our Sites will be stored in an online profile we create for you, to enable us to better meet your needs and understand your preferences.
Depending on your privacy preferences, we may use your personal information to send you promotional messages and special offers. We also use your personal information for security and fraud prevention purposes; to better understand our guests; to improve our programs, services, and Sites; and to better market and advertise our programs and services.
At some of our Sites, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you order a gift, gift card, or gift certificate online and want to send it directly to the recipient, you must submit the recipient’s name and address. We use this information only to send your gift or provide the service requested. We will not add that person’s information to our mailing lists.
We may combine information you have provided to us on our Sites with information you have provided to us offline, and we may store this information together in your online profile. For example, we may combine data automatically collected when you use your season ski pass at one of our resorts or data you provide to us when you stay at one of our hotels with your online profile. This enables us to better understand and meet your needs when you visit our resorts or other properties.
Information Provided by Others
From time to time, we may supplement the information you give us with information acquired from other trusted sources. For example, we may supplement your profile with demographic and preference data or we may correct mailing addresses by using public sources. By supplementing your profile, we are better able to provide product recommendations and special offers that will be of genuine interest to you. We may also use this information to further personalize our Sites and improve your experience while you are on our Sites.
Information Provided by Your Web Browser
We collect information that is automatically sent to us by your web browser. This information typically includes your IP address; the name and version of your operating system; the name and version of your browser; the page you were visiting before you accessed our Site; and the date and time of your visit. The information we receive depends on the settings of your browser. Please check your browser if you want to learn what information your browser sends or how to change your settings. Generally, we use this information to create statistics that help us improve our Sites and make them more compatible with the technology used by our visitors. This information is also used for marketing purposes and to improve your experience on the Sites.
We may collect IP addresses for purposes of system administration, to report traffic data to our corporate partners, and to audit the use of our Sites. Although the information provided by your browser does not identify you personally, this data can be combined with other data to personally identify you.
Cookies and Technology
We also use technology such as “cookies” to help us provide customized services and as a means to collect dependable and consistent traffic data. A “cookie” is a small piece of data that is sent to a user’s browser from a Web server and stored on a user’s hard drive. These cookies, along with other technologies such as Flash cookies and Web beacons, may also be used by TSG corporate partners on co-branded Web pages. Your Web browser may allow you to adjust settings, choose a Do Not Track option, or to disable cookies. If you choose not to accept these cookies, your experience at our Sites and other websites may be diminished and some features will not work as intended.
Advertising Servers
In order to provide a more relevant online experience, we may use third-party advertising companies to customize the advertisements you see on our Sites, on other websites, or on your mobile or other devices. These companies may use cookies, Web beacons, or other technologies to collect information about your use of our Sites and other websites and applications, including your IP address, Web browser, mobile network information, pages viewed, time spent on pages or in applications, and links clicked. We may use this information to analyze data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests, and better understand your online activity.
Third-party advertising servers are subject to their own privacy policies. Our service providers are bound by contract to keep your personal information confidential and use it only to perform services on our behalf. For more information about visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices or http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices.
Disclosure of Your Personal Information
TSG does not sell your personal information to outside marketers or advertisers. Under limited circumstances we may disclose the personal information we collect with outside parties for specific purposes. Those circumstances are described below along with some of the steps we take to limit the manner in which your personal information is used.
With Service Providers
We may share your information with companies that provide support services to us (such as credit card processors, mailing houses, web hosts, or providers of online reservation services) or that help us market our products and services (such as email vendors). These companies may need information about you in order to perform their functions. These companies are only authorized to use the personal information we share with them for the purpose of delivering the service we hire them to provide. In addition, we only disclose the information they need to provide the specific service or function. We will not sell your personal information to third party marketing or advertising firms.
With Other Companies in the TSG Family of Businesses
Personal information collected on any of the Sites may be shared with other members of the TSG family of businesses, including current or future parents, affiliates, subsidiaries, and entities sharing common ownership with TSG. All of the TSG entities are bound to this Privacy Policy.
Partner Promotions
We may occasionally feature web pages on which you can register for special promotions or services provided in conjunction with our business partners. When we feature pages like these on our Sites, we will give you a clear notice that you are providing information to another party. We may also arrange to send you marketing and promotional information of other reputable companies that we think might be of interest to you, only if you tell us that you want to receive these sorts of materials. We do not share your personal information with these companies.
Corporate Events
If some or all of the business assets of one of our companies or Sites are sold or transferred, we generally would transfer the corresponding information regarding our business, guests, and customers to the acquiring business so that they can continue to operate the business, but your information would remain subject to this Policy.
Special Circumstances
In certain special cases, we may disclose your personal information when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to you, TSG or someone else. We may also disclose your personal information when we believe the law requires it, or in response to any demand by law enforcement authorities in connection with a criminal investigation, or civil or administrative authorities in connection with a pending civil case, administrative investigation or investigation conducted by TSG.
Links to Third-Party Websites
Our Sites contain direct links to sites offered by third parties. Some of these sites are authorized to use the TSG brands or logos. Those third-party sites are not covered by this Privacy Policy.
Some of the Sites may give you the option of sharing your thoughts, personal information, or skiing and snowboarding experiences automatically on their platforms. If you choose to share information with a third-party site such as Twitter or Facebook, the information you choose to share on those sites is not subject to this Privacy Policy. You should review the privacy policies of those websites to make an informed decision about whether to share your information on those sites. Further, you should review your account settings on those sites to ensure that you are comfortable sharing your information with the audience chosen in that account.
Location Information and Mapping
From time to time, we may use technology that provides us with information about your geographic location (“location information”). We read passes through the use of handheld scanners. When we collect location data about our guests offline, we may combine that information with personal information that we collect online and use the information to better understand our guests or to provide you with information or services. Location Information collected and combined in that manner is subject to this Policy.
We use GPS signals broadcast by your mobile device to enable personalized services to use the Maps functionality with our mobile applications. If you choose to use the Maps functionality with our mobile applications, your phone’s GPS Signal will be used to display your location on a map in order to provide you with the customized map functionality. Your current location is only used to update your location on the map and is not stored by TSG. If you do not wish to see your personal location on the map, you can turn off GPS on your device.
We connect mobile devices to a WiFi network through the use of your device’s WiFi services. If you do not wish to connect to our WiFi network, you can turn off WiFi services on your device, or do not connect to our WiFi network.
Children’s Privacy
We recognize the need to provide additional privacy protections with respect to personal information we might collect from children on our Sites. We will not knowingly collect personal information on our Sites from children under the age of 13 without the prior consent of the child’s parent or guardian. If you believe that a child under the age of 13 may have provided personal information to us without consent of the child’s parent or guardian, please contact us at privacy@tellurideskiresort.com.
Your Choices
Opt-Out of Receiving Future Communications
Our Sites give you the option of not receiving future communications from us by sending an email to privacy@tellurideskiresort.com.
You may also unsubscribe from future email communications by clicking the “unsubscribe” link located at the bottom of all TSG email communications.
Review and Update Your Information
You may review or update your personal information collected by this Site or correct factual inaccuracies by emailing privacy@tellurideskiresort.com.
If you have an account with TSG, you can manage your information and preferences by logging into your account at https://store.tellurideskiresort.com/eStore/Login.aspx.
Data Security and Retention
TSG has implemented physical, technological, and organizational safeguards and security measures designed to protect against the loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure of your personal information under our control. Please be aware though that, despite our efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. You can help us by protecting and keeping your passwords safe at all times. You can protect yourself and help us prevent computer crime by promptly notifying us if you suspect that your credit card, pass product with Resort Charge, user name or password is lost, stolen or used without permission. We will retain your personal information for the length of time needed to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy policy.
Changes to the Policy
We may change this Policy from time to time, by posting the revised Policy on our Sites. The changes will only apply to the personal information we collect after we have posted the revised Policy.
It is your responsibility to check this Site for updates as you will be bound by them if you choose to visit our Sites or Locations.
NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
If you are a California resident, you may have certain additional rights. California Civil Code Section 1798.83 may permit you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information by TSG to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. California Business and Professions Code Section 22581 permits registered users who are minors to request and obtain deletion of certain posted content. For additional information or to make a request, please contact privacy@tellurideskiresort.com.
VISITORS WHO ACCESS OUR SITES FROM OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES
Our Sites and databases may be hosted on Web servers located in the United States or other countries. We share the personal information we collect with our third-party service providers, and others around the world as described in this Policy. When we transfer your personal information to another country, we will take appropriate measures to protect your privacy and personal information. By using one of our Sites, you are consenting to the transfer of your personal information to any country in the world in accordance with this Policy.
The Sites are U.S. Sites and are governed by U.S. law. If you do not wish to consent to U.S. law or this Policy, you should not share information with us or use our Sites.
Contact Us
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy or the practices of our Sites, please contact:
TSG Ski & Golf LLC
565 Mountain Village Blvd
Telluride, CO 81435
(970) 728-6900
info@tellurideskiresort.com