http://www.specialolympics.com.au/members/terms
Terms & Conditions
Thank you for reviewing our Website Terms & Conditions.
Thank you for visiting the Special Olympics Australia website ("Site") and for your support of our mission to provide year-round sports training and athletic competition for people with intellectual disabilities. This Site is operated by Special Olympics Australia, ABN 28 050 738 728 ("SOA", "we", "us").
Access and use of this Site
Access to and use of this Site is provided strictly subject to these terms of use.  By entering and using this Site you accept, without limitation or qualification, these terms of use (collectively, the "Website Terms"). You must not use this Site if you do not agree to be bound by these Website Terms.
Except as otherwise expressly stated on this Site and to the full extent permitted by law, this Site and all information contained within it regarding or relating to Special Olympics Australia and its related entities, products and services is provided "as is" and on an "as available" basis without any representation or endorsement made and without warranty of any kind, whether expressed or implied.
Restrictions on use
Your use of the materials on this Site is only for informational purposes.  You agree you will not distribute (including, without limitation, making available on-line, electronically transmitting or otherwise communicating to the public), publish, transmit, modify, display or create derivative works from or exploit the contents of this Site in any way.  You agree to be responsible for any losses incurred by Special Olympics Australia as a result of any and all unauthorised uses you may make of any materials on this Site.  You acknowledge the unauthorised use of the contents could cause irreparable harm to Special Olympics Australia and that, in the event of unauthorised use, Special Olympics Australia will be entitled to seek an injunction in addition to any other remedies available to it. You agree that you will not use this Site for any unlawful purpose.  You also agree not to violate or attempt to violate the security of this Site.
Donating to Special Olympics Australia
You may make a donation to Special Olympics Australia using our online donation forms. Contributions may also be made by calling 1300 225 762. Or, if you'd prefer, mail us your contribution by printing the online donation form and mailing it to us at the following address:
Special Olympics Australia
Attn: Office Manager
PO Box 62
Concord West NSW 2138
Australia.
You can also donate to us at many of our events. Please see our 'ways to give' page for more information about the ways you can donate to and support Special Olympics Australia.
Tax-Deductions
Special Olympics Australia complies with Australian Taxation Office guidelines. Special Olympics Australia, can only issue a tax-deductible receipt, if the fundraising revenue is raised from a “donor’’ who does not receive any benefits in return. In other words, the revenue must be given without any obligations owing back to the donor. Fundraising revenue raised from raffles, sausage sizzles, auctions are not considered “donations” as the donor receives something in return for their money. It is not possible to issue a tax-deductible receipt for these activities. Levy payments are also not tax-deductible and as such it is not possible to issue a tax-deductible receipt. If in doubt we recommend that you seek your own independent tax advice.
Security
When purchasing from or donating to Special Olympics Australia, your financial details are passed through a secure server using the latest 128-bit SSL (secure sockets layer) encryption technology. If you have any questions regarding our security policy, please contact our customer support centreinfo@specialolympics.com.au.
Privacy
Any personal information you provide to us is collected and held in accordance with the Special Olympics Australia Privacy Policy. Please review this document carefully to ensure you understand it.
Site technology
For each visitor to our Site, our server automatically recognises only the visitor's domain name, not the email address. At this time, no part of our Site makes use of "cookies" for user tracking, content customisation, or any other purpose.
For purposes of improving our Site content, aggregate information is collected on what pages of the Site are visited.
Links to Third-Party Sites
This Site contains hyperlinks to websites operated by parties other than Special Olympics Australia. These hyperlinks are provided for your convenience only. Special Olympics Australia does not control such websites and is not responsible for their content. The inclusion of hyperlinks to other Websites does not imply any endorsement of the material on those websites by Special Olympics Australia. Subject to any non-excludable rights you may have, to the extent permitted by law, Special Olympics Australia disclaims all warranties, express and implied, as to the accuracy, value, legality or otherwise for any materials or information contained on such websites.  You should carefully review the terms of use and privacy policies of all external websites that you visit.
Restriction of Liability
Consumer protection legislation may confer rights and remedies on you which cannot be excluded, restricted or modified ("Non-excludable Rights"). Nothing in these Website Terms is intended to exclude your Non-excludable Rights. However, to the extent permitted by law and subject to your Non-excludable Rights:
Special Olympics Australia does not guarantee that the functions contained on this Site will be uninterrupted or error free and does not warrant that this Site or its server is free of computer viruses, bugs or other harmful components or that defects will be corrected; and
Special Olympics Australia does not accept any responsibility for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, special, punitive or exemplary damages or any loss of business, interest, goodwill, revenue of profit, or loss or corruption of data arising out of your access to, or use of, or inability to use or access this Site, no matter how arising.
Copyright and other intellectual property rights
The copyrights, trade names, trade marks or are other intellectual property rights associated with materials posted on this site are owned by, or licensed to, Special Olympics Australia. All rights not expressly granted are reserved. Other than viewing and downloading content from this Site for purposes permitted on this Site, you do not have the rights to use these intellectual property rights without the written permission of their owner. The names and trademarks appearing on this site may not be used in any advertising or publicity without Special Olympics Australia or their owner's prior written permission.
Information Accuracy
We make efforts to ensure that the information presented on our Site is correct and accurate and on becoming aware of an inaccuracy, we will take steps to make a correction in a timely manner. However, to the extent permitted by law, Special Olympics Australia does not accept any liability for the accuracy, timeliness or completeness of the information contained on this Site or any responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content on this Site whether or not we are aware of such errors or omissions. To report any Site inaccuracies or to request answers to questions about the information on the Site, email us at info@specialolympics.com.au, or write to us at the address below.
Changes to these Website Terms
Special Olympics Australia reserves the right to modify these Website Terms from time to time and to add to, change or discontinue the information contained in, or any other aspect of, this Site at any time.  We will notify you of such changes by posting an updated version of the Website Terms on our Site.  Please check this Site regularly for changes as your continued use of this Site signifies your acceptance of any changed Website Terms.
Governing law
These Website Terms will be governed by the laws of New South Wales, Australia, and shall be subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of New South Wales, Australia.  In the event that any of the Website Terms are found to be unenforceable under New South Wales law, this will not affect the remainder of these Website Terms.
Contacting Us
You can contact Special Olympics Australia by emailing info@specialolympics.com.au or writing to us at the following address:
Special Olympics Australia
Riverview Business Park
Building 1, Level 3, Suite 3.02
3 Richardson Place
North Ryde, NSW, 2113
Telephone: 1300 225 762