http://www.ranchseeker.com/terms-conditions
Register
Member Login
Home
Search for Ranches
Search for Specials
Tips & Info
Blog
Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
The Ranches identified on this website are not agents, employees or affiliates of Ranch Seeker. Ranch Seeker does not control them and is not liable for their acts, errors, omissions, representations, warranties, breaches, or negligence or for any personal injuries, death, property damage, or other damages that may be suffered from use of their services.
Return/Cancellation Policy
Listings may be cancelled prior to their expiration. Refunds are assessed on a prorated basis. An additional $20 processing fee will be charged for all listing cancellations.
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Ranch Seeker uses and protects any information that you give Ranch Seeker when you use this website. Ranch Seeker is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, such information will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.What we collectWe may collect the following information:
name and job title
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What we do with the information we gatherWe require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
To enable Ranch Seeker users to be able to contact you for the purpose of inquiring about your services.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
SecurityWe are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.Links to other websitesOur website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, you may logon to the website and make any changes you deem to be appropriate, or you may email ashlie@ranchseeker.com. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.