http://www.bowenislandkayaking.com/privacy-policy
Closed for the SeasonIt was a short but busy season for us in 2020. Thank you! We are looking forward to a full season of paddling in 2021, starting on Saturday, April 3.
Skip to content
Toll Free: 1-800-60-KAYAK Local: 604-947-9266
At Bowen Island Kayaking we take your privacy seriously and are committed to the protection of your personal data. This Privacy statement outlines the steps we take to protect and secure your data and our practices as provided by data protection laws.
This Privacy Statement outlines how we collect, retain and protect your personal data and the rights you can exercise regarding your information.
Bowen Island Kayaking does not collect personal information about you unless you voluntarily submit that information to us, such as through our contact page. The personal information that you may provide to us could include your name, address, telephone number, email address, company name and company address.
WE MAY COLLECT, STORE AND USE THE FOLLOWING KINDS OF PERSONAL INFORMATION:
Contact Information: information that you provide when contacting us through our website for our services (including your name, email address, phone number and any other optional information). The information you provide to us for booking lessons and tours on our website is not collected on our Bowen Island Kayaking site, but rather through our booking partners’ service: Checkfront.com. For information on Checkfront’s Privacy Policy, please visit their Privacy Policy.
Payment Information: We may ask you to provide payment card and/or financial account information when you pay for our Services. Payment information is never disclosed to third-parties. Your payment information is not collected on our Bowen Island Kayaking site, but rather by our payment processor; Stripe. For details on Stripe’s privacy policy, please visit their privacy policy here.
Communications: We receive information from you when you contact us or we communicate with you, including via email or social networks
Cookies Information: When you visit our Site, we may use cookies to identify your browser and improve your experience with the Site. This cookie may also provide us with information about how you use our site, or your personal information. If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
Analytics: We use third party analytics services including Google Analytics to help us understand your use of the Site. This typically includes such things as; information about your computer and about your visits to and use of this website, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths.
RETENTION PERIOD
We review our retention periods for personal information on a regular basis. We will hold your personal information for as long as is necessary to complete the purpose for which it was gathered, or for as long as is set out in any relevant contract you hold with us.
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR DATA
We use SSL encryption on our website to ensure protection of all your data, we also train our employees to ensure that they follow proper data protection rules and regulations.
WEBSITE HOSTING
Our website is hosted by Dreamhost and when you provide any personal data to us through our Bowen Island Kayaking site, this information may be stored on Dreamhost’s servers. Dreamhost’s privacy policy can be viewed here.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions from this Privacy Policy at any time. However, if at any time in the future we plan to use personal information in a way that materially differs from this Privacy Policy, including sharing such information with more third parties, we will inform you of such changes and provide you the opportunity to opt out of such differing uses. Your continued use of the Website following the posting of any changes to this policy means you accept such changes.
CONTACT US
For questions or concerns relating to this Privacy Policy or your information, we can be contacted via our info@bowenislandkayaking.com
Effective date:This Privacy Policy was last updated in July 3, 2018.