http://www.aikidobrisbane.com/contact/privacy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy – Updated March 2019
This following document sets forth the Privacy Policy for the Aikido Brisbane INC and our website, http://aikidobrisbane.com.
Aikido Brisbane INC operates the Aikido Brisbane Dojo and the http://aikidobrisbane.com website (referred to as the “Service”). Aikido Brisbane INC is bound by the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth), which sets out a number of principles concerning the privacy of individuals.
Collection of your personal information While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Data”). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to: Email address, First name and last name, Phone number, Date of birth, Address, City, State, Post code. Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to – and maintained on – computers located outside of your state, or country where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
Cookies and Usage Data
We may also collect information about how the Service is accessed and used (“Usage Data”). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), Browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Sharing of your personal information
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service (“Service Providers”), to provide the Service on our behalf, or to perform Service-related services. These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks and Aikido Brisbane INC takes reasonable steps to ensure that these organisations are bound by confidentiality and privacy obligations in relation to the protection of your personal information.
Use of your personal information Aikido Brisbane uses the collected data for various purposes: To provide and maintain the Service; To notify you about changes to our Service; To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so; To provide customer care and support; To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the Service; To monitor the usage of the Service.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Aikido Brisbane INC reserves the right to make amendments to this Privacy Policy at any time. If you have objections to the Privacy Policy, you should not access or use the Service.
Accessing Your Personal Information
You have a right to access your personal information, subject to exceptions allowed by law. If you would like to do so, please let us know. You may be required to put your request in writing for security reasons.
Contacting us Aikido Brisbane INC welcomes your comments regarding this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy and would like further information, please contact us by E-mail: jamesmoss@aikidobrisbane.com