https://www.peaksports.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebar Skip to footer Video Mental Coaching From Anywhere in the World - LEARN MORE!Close Top BannerPeak Performance Sports’ Privacy Policy (Questions: 888-742-7225) Effective as of June 22, 2018 Peak Performance Sports, LLC (“Company,” “we,” or “us”) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy governs your access to and use of www.peaksports.com, including any content, functionality and services offered on or through www.peaksports.com (the “Website”), whether as a guest or a registered user. When accessing the Website, the Company will learn certain information about you, both automatically and through voluntary actions you may take, during your visit. This policy applies to information we collect on the Website and in email, text, or other electronic messages between you and the Website. Please read the Privacy Policy carefully before you start to use the Website. By using the Website or by clicking to accept or agree to the Terms of Use when this option is made available to you, you accept and agree to be bound and abide by the Privacy Policy. If you do not want to agree to the Privacy Policy, you must not access or use the Website. Children Under the Age Of 13 Our Website is not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any information to or on the Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on this Website or on or through any of its features/register on the Website, make any purchases through the Website, use any of the interactive or public comment features of this Website or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at peaksportshelp@gmail.com. Peak Performance Sports Information Collection and Use When you access the Website, the Company will learn certain information about you during your visit. Information You Provide To Us. The Website provides various places for users to provide information. We collect information that users provide by filling out forms on the Website, communicating with us via contact forms, responding to surveys, search queries on our search feature, providing comments or other feedback, and providing information when ordering a product or service via the Website. We use information you provide to us to deliver the requested product and/or service, to improve our overall performance, and to provide you with offers, promotions, and information. Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technology. As you navigate through our Website, we may use automatic data collection technologies including Google Analytics to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns. This will generally include information about your location, your traffic pattern through our website, and any communications between your computer and our Website. Among other things, we will collect data about the type of computer you use, your Internet connection, your IP address, your operating system, and your browser type. The information we collect automatically is used for statistical data and will not include personal information. We use this data to improve our Website and our service offerings. To the extent that you voluntarily provide personal information to us, our systems will associate the automatically collected information with your personal information. Surveys: We may from time to time provide a link to a third-party survey company for our users to fill out. Surveys provide us with information on sports psychology to help us better understand our users’ service needs. We encourage you to submit this information so we can provide you a more personalized experience on our web site but participation is entirely voluntary. We use a service provider to serve our users surveys. This service provider is not authorized to use your information for any other purposes. Use of Cookies And Pixels Similar to other commercial websites, our website utilizes a standard technology called “cookies” and server logs to collect information about how our site is used. Information gathered through cookies and server logs may include the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, time spent at our site, and the websites visited just before and just after our own, as well as your IP address. A cookie is a very small text document, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier. When you visit a website, that site’s computer asks your computer for permission to store this file in a part of your hard drive specifically designated for cookies. Each website can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser’s preferences allow it, but (to protect your privacy) your browser only permits a website to access the cookies it has already sent to you, not the cookies sent to you by other sites. The Company reserves the right to use technological equivalents of cookies, including social media pixels. These pixels allow social media sites to track visitors to outside websites so as to tailor advertising messages users see while visiting that social media website. The Company reserves the right to use these pixels in compliance with the policies of the various social media sites. Choices about Cookies: You can configure your browser to accept all cookies, reject all cookies, or notify you when a cookie is set. (Each browser is different, so check the “Help” menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences). Our Practices Regarding Cookies: We administer cookies on our site to provide you customized content, keep track of preferences you specify while using the site, estimate and report our audience and traffic and conduct research to improve our services to you. None of the information in these cookies is tied to your personally identifiable information. Third Party Use Of Cookies Some content or applications, including advertisements, on the Website are served by third-parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers, and application providers. These third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use our website. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content. We do not control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly. Links to Third Party Sites We offer outside links in the peaksports.com website, which link to other websites. These outside sites are not under the control of Peak Performance Sports. We are not responsible for the contents of any linked site. Email Information If you choose to correspond with us through email, we may retain the content of your email messages together with your email address and our responses. We provide the same protections for these electronic communications that we employ in the maintenance of information received online, mail, and telephone. This also applies when you register for our website, sign up through any of our forms using your email address or make a purchase on this site. For further information see the Email Policies below. Email Policies We are committed to keeping your e-mail address confidential. We do not sell, rent, or lease our subscription lists to third parties, and will not disclose your email address to any third parties except as allowed in the section titled Disclosure of Your Information. We will maintain the information you send via e-mail in accordance with applicable federal law. In compliance with the CAN-SPAM Act, all e-mails sent from our organization will clearly state who the e-mail is from and provide clear information on how to contact the sender. In addition, all e-mail messages will also contain concise information on how to remove yourself from our mailing list so that you receive no further e-mail communication from us. Our emails provide users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us and our partners by reading the unsubscribe instructions located at the bottom of any e-mail they receive from us at any time. Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter or promotional materials may opt-out of receiving these communications by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the e-mail. Coaching or Service-Related Announcements We will send you strictly service-related announcements on rare occasions when it is necessary to do so. For instance, you will receive confirmation of any orders, response to any email inquiries and if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance, we will send you an email. Generally, you may not opt-out of these communications, which are not promotional in nature. This may include order confirmations, emails containing tracking number details. Sports Psychology Newsletters and Free Reports Peak performance Sports, LLC has an opt-in newsletter and free reports to which you can subscribe by entering your email and name information in the box provided. This information is collected solely by Peak Performance Sports, LLC and is not shared with any third parties. You can opt out of future mailings by (1) Using the “unsubscribe” links placed at the bottom of each outgoing email, or (2) send an email to Peak Performance Sports, LLC using our contact us form: https://www.peaksports.com/contact-peak-performance-sports/ Sports Psychology Blogs If you use a bulletin board, blog, or chat room on this website, you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit there can be read, collected, or used by other users of these forums, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information that you choose to submit in these forums. To request removal of your personally identifiable information from our blog or community forum, contact us at privacy@peaksports.com. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personally identifiable information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why. Service Providers Peak Performance Sports, LLC fulfills and ships all orders for delivery processed on our site. We also employ the services of a service provider to process payment on our website for purchases you make on our site. The cart is co-branded as a Peak Performance Sports, LLC page while payment is collected and processed by a service provider when the “Credit Card” option is selected for payment. When you select the “PayPal” option, your payment information is processed by PayPal on behalf of Peak Performance Sports. None of these service providers are authorized to use your information for any promotional purposes or any other functions beyond the ones described above. Access to Information To access, delete or update your information on our site such as your email address, please contact us via email with your request at: – privacy@peaksports.com . Flash LSOs We use local shared objects, also known as Flash cookies, to store your preferences such as volume control or high game score, or display content based upon what you view on our site to personalize your visit. Third Parties, with whom we partner to provide certain features on our site or to display advertising based upon your Web browsing activity, use Flash cookies to collect and store information. Flash cookies are different from browser cookies because of the amount of, type of, and how data is stored. Cookie management tools provided by your browser will not remove Flash cookies. To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies click here: http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager.html#117118 Security and Data Storage Our Site has security measures in place to help protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the personally identifiable information and Data under our control. Peak Performance Sports, LLC employs industry-standard technology to help prevent interference or access from outside intruders. Our payment processors employ SSL [Secure Socket Layer] encryption to ensure that users’ sensitive information is protected and encrypted when processing credit card transactions on our site during the payment process. Data Retention We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services contact us at privacy@peaksports.com. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. Reviews: Should you decide to write a review, we request certain personally identifiable information such as your first name, last name, city and country of residence, and your email address (which we do not publish) to complete your review. Please be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit within a review can be read, collected, or used by other users. We are not responsible for any personally identifiable information that you may choose to submit in these forums. Testimonials: When you submit a Testimonial to Peak Performance Sports, LLC, we collect and publish your information, which may include your first and last name, sport, and or current location. We obtain your permission prior to posting your testimonial on our site. If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us at privacy@peaksports.com. How And Why We Collect Information The Company collects your information in order to record and support your participation in the activities you select. If you register to download a book or resources, sign up for our newsletter, and/or purchase a product from us, we collect your information. We use this information to track your preferences and to keep you informed about the products and services you have selected to receive and any related products and/or services. As a visitor to this Website, you can engage in most activities without providing any personal information. It is only when you seek to download resources and/or register for services that you are required to provide information. If you are outside the European Union and opt to receive any free resources, participate in any free training programs, register for a webinar, register for a live event, register for a seminar, or purchase any products sold by the Company on this Website, we will automatically enroll you to receive our free email newsletter. If you do not wish to receive this newsletter, you can unsubscribe anytime. We include an “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of every email we send. If you ever have trouble unsubscribing, you can send an email to peaksportshelp@gmail.com requesting to unsubscribe from future emails. If you are in the European Union and opt to receive any free resources, participate in any free training programs, register for a webinar, register for a live event, register for a seminar, or purchase any products sold by the Company on this Website, we will only enroll you to receive our free email newsletter if you affirmatively consent to it. If you do not wish to receive this newsletter, you can unsubscribe anytime. We include an “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of every email we send. If you ever have trouble unsubscribing, you can send an email to peaksportshelp@gmail.com requesting to unsubscribe from future emails. How Do We Use the Information That You Provide to Us? We use personal information for purposes of presenting our Website and its contents to you, providing you with information, providing you with offers for products and services, providing you with information about your subscriptions and products, carrying out any contract between you and the Company, administering our business activities, providing customer service, and making available other items and services to our customers and prospective customers. From time-to-time, we may use the information you provide to us to make you offers to purchase products and services provided by third parties in exchange for a commission to be paid to us by such third parties. Should you opt to take part in such promotions, the third parties will receive your information. From time-to-time, we may use the information you provide to us to display advertisements to you that are tailored to your personal characteristics, interests, and activities. Disclosure Of Your Information As a general rule, we do not sell, rent, lease or otherwise transfer any information collected whether automatically or through your voluntary action. We may disclose your personal information to our subsidiaries, affiliates, and service providers for the purpose of providing our services to you. We may disclose your personal information to a third party, including a lawyer or collection agency, when necessary to enforce our terms of service or any other agreement between you and the Company. We may provide your information to any successor in interest in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of the Company’s asserts and/or business. We may disclose information when legally compelled to do so, in other words, when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or for the protection of our legal rights or when compelled by a court or other governmental entity to do so. How Do We Protect Your Information and Secure Information Transmissions? We employ commercially reasonable methods to ensure the security of the information you provide to us and the information we collect automatically. This includes using standard security protocols and working only with reputable third-party vendors. Email is not recognized as a secure medium of communication. For this reason, we request that you do not send private information to us by email. However, doing so is allowed, but at your own risk. Some of the information you may enter on our website may be transmitted securely via a secure medium known as Secure Sockets Layer, or SSL. Credit Card information and other sensitive information is never transmitted via email. The Company may use software programs to create summary statistics, which are used for such purposes as assessing the number of visitors to the different sections of our site, what information is of most and least interest, determining technical design specifications, and identifying system performance or problem areas. For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, the Company uses software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage. Policy Changes It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page. If we make material changes to how we treat our users’ personal information, we will notify you by email to the email address specified in your account and/or through a notice on the Website home page. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the bottom of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our Website and this privacy policy to check for any changes. Visitors’ GDPR Rights If you are within the European Union, you are entitled to certain information and have certain rights under the General Data Protection Regulation. Those rights include: We will retain the any information you choose to provide to us until the earlier of: (a) you asking us to delete the information, (b) our decision to cease using our existing data providers, or (c) the Company decides that the value in retaining the data is outweighed by the costs of retaining it. You have the right to request access to your data that the Company stores and the rights to either rectify or erase your personal data. You have the right to seek restrictions on the processing of your data. You have the right to object to the processing of your data and the right to the portability of your data. To the extent that you provided consent to the Company’s processing of your personal data, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of processing based upon consent that occurred prior to your withdrawal of consent. You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority that has jurisdiction over issues related to the General Data Protection Regulation. We require only the information that is reasonably required to enter into a contract with you. We will not require you to provide consent for any unnecessary processing as a condition of entering into a contract with us. Contact Us If you have any questions concerning this Privacy Policy, please contact: Peak Performance Sports, LLC Via e-mail: Contact Peak Performance Sports Regular Mail: Peak Performance Sports P.O. Box 3188 Windermere, FL 34786-3188 Phone: Toll Free: 888-742-7225 Local Phone: 407-909-1700 Fax Number: 407-909-1789 Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | DisclaimerPrimary SidebarFree Sports Psychology Tips
GET FREE REPORT NOW!
Connect with Us: FacebookInstagramLinkedInPinterestTwitterYouTube
Peak Performance Experts
Why Choose Peaksports? Athlete Success Stories Athlete Testimonials
Athlete Mental Training
Mental Training Programs Sport Psychology CDs The Confident Athlete CDs Sports-Specific CDs Online Mental Training Sports Psychology Reports
Youth Mental Training
Confident Sports Kid CDs Ultimate Sports Parent Sports Anti-Bullying Kick Perfectionism Childrens’ Picture Books Free Report for Parents
Mental Coach Programs
Sports Psychology Certification Mental Edge Workbooks Mental Coach Mastermind AMAP Assessment System Online Success Formula
About Sports Psychology
Why Athletes Choke What is a Sports Psychologist? What Sports Psychologists Do Mental Strength Coaching Mental Performance Coach Sports Psychology Articles
Visit Sport Psychology Proshop
Mental Coach Certification
Footer CTALearn with Us
Sports Psychology for Athletes Sports Psychology for Parents Sports Psychology for Coaches Education for Mental Coaches Free Sport Psychology Report What is a Sports Psychologist?
Sports Psychology
Why Athletes Choke What is a Sports Psychologist? What Sports Psychologists Do Mental Strength Coaching Mental Performance Coach Sports Psychology Articles
Contact Us
888-742-7225 | 407-909-1700 Email Us Peak Performance Sports, LLC Windermere, Florida 34786
Disclaimer | Privacy Policy Resources | Terms of Use | Sitemap Peaksports.com uses cookies to remember your preferences and repeat visits. Please “Accept” if you agree to the use of all cookies.SettingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
NecessaryAlways Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.