http://www.offthewallsoccer.com/terms-of-use-privacy-policy
Dash Login
Schedules
Referee/Game Evaluation
About
Contact Us
Dash Login
Schedules
Referee/Game Evaluation
About
Contact Us
Leagues
Field Rentals
Pick-Up
Classes/Camps
Parties/Events
The Cafe
Pro-Shop
Toggle navigation
Leagues
Field Rentals
Pick-Up
Classes/Camps
Parties/Events
The Cafe
Pro-Shop
These terms and conditions govern your use of this website; by using this website, you accept these terms and conditions in full.
If you disagree with these terms and conditions or any part of these terms and conditions, you must not use this website.
This website is produced by Arena Soccer Centers, Inc. (ASC) dba Off the Wall Soccer (OTWS) and is produced for the benefit of its members, member organizations and the general public.
OTWS is engaged in renting space, creating and operate leagues, selling time on fields and areas/spaces owned, managed or operated by OTWS, retail product, sell concessionaire and related services / products to the benefit and cause of clientele as described above.
You must be at least [13] years of age to use this website.
By using this website and by agreeing to these terms and conditions you warrant and represent that you are at least [13] years of age.
Privacy
This website uses cookies.
By using this website and agreeing to these terms and conditions, you consent to our OTWS’s use of cookies in accordance with the terms of OTWS’s privacy policy / cookies policy.
Please seek cookies policy below.
OTWS respects the user right to privacy and will not willing share information received from users to third parties without consent.
Information received by OTWS may be used to provide information to the user with regards to services / products represent by its client partners only.
License to use website
Unless otherwise stated, OTWS and/or its licensors own the intellectual property rights in the website and material on the website.
Subject to the license below, all these intellectual property rights are reserved.
You may view, download for caching purposes only, and print pages from the website for your own personal use, subject to the restrictions set out below and elsewhere in these terms and conditions.
You must not:
republish material from this website (including republication on another website);
sell, rent or sub-license material from the website;
show any material from the website in public;
reproduce, duplicate, copy or otherwise exploit material on this website for a commercial purpose;
edit or otherwise modify any material on the website; or
redistribute material from this website, except for content specifically and expressly made available for redistribution.
Where content is specifically made available for redistribution, it may only be redistributed within your organization.
Acceptable use
You must not use this website in any way that causes, or may cause, damage to the website or impairment of the availability or accessibility of the website; or in any way which is unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful, or in connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful purpose or activity.
You must not use this website to copy, store, host, transmit, send, use, publish or distribute any material which consists of (or is linked to) any spyware, computer virus, Trojan horse, worm, keystroke logger, rootkit or other malicious computer software.
You must not conduct any systematic or automated data collection activities (including without limitation scraping, data mining, data extraction and data harvesting) on or in relation to this website without OTWS’s express written consent.
You must not use this website to transmit or send unsolicited commercial communications.
You must not use this website for any purposes related to marketing without OTWS’s express written consent.
Restricted access
Access to certain password protected areas of this website is restricted.
OTWS reserves the right to restrict access to areas of this website, or indeed this entire website, at OTWS’s discretion.
If OTWS provides you with a user ID and password to enable you to access restricted areas of this website or other content or services, you must ensure that the user ID and password are kept confidential.
OTWS may disable your user ID and password in OTWS’s sole discretion without notice or explanation.
User content
In these terms and conditions, “your user content” means material (including without limitation text, images, audio material, video material and audio-visual material) that you submit to this website, for whatever purpose.
You grant to OTWS a worldwide, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use, reproduce, adapt, publish, translate and distribute your user content in any existing or future media.
You also grant to OTWS the right to sub-license these rights, and the right to bring an action for infringement of these rights.
Your user content must not be illegal or unlawful, must not infringe any third party’s legal rights, and must not be capable of giving rise to legal action whether against you or OTWS or a third party (in each case under any applicable law).
You must not submit any user content to the website that is or has ever been the subject of any threatened or actual legal proceedings or other similar complaint.
OTWS reserves the right to edit or remove any material submitted to this website, or stored on OTWS’s servers, or hosted or published upon this website.
Notwithstanding OTWS’s rights under these terms and conditions in relation to user content, OTWS does not undertake to monitor the submission of such content to, or the publication of such content on, this website.
No warranties
This website is provided “as is” without any representations or warranties, express or implied.
OTWS makes no representations or warranties in relation to this website or the information and materials provided on this website.
Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing paragraph, OTWS does not warrant that:
This website will be constantly available, or available at all; or this information on this website is complete, true, accurate or non-misleading.
Nothing on this website constitutes, or is meant to constitute, advice of any kind.
Limitations of liability
OTWS will not be liable to you (whether under the law of contact, the law of torts or otherwise) in relation to the contents of, or use of, or otherwise in connection with, this website:
to the extent that the website is provided free-of-charge, for any direct loss;
for any indirect, special or consequential loss; or
for any business losses, loss of revenue, income, profits or anticipated savings, loss of contracts or business relationships, loss of reputation or goodwill, or loss or corruption of information or data.
These limitations of liability apply even if OTWS has been expressly advised of the potential loss.
Exceptions
Nothing in this website disclaimer will exclude or limit any warranty implied by law that it would be unlawful to exclude or limit; and nothing in this website disclaimer will exclude or limit OTWS’s liability in respect of any:
death or personal injury caused by OTWS’s negligence;
fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation on the part of OTWS; or
matter which it would be illegal or unlawful for OTWS to exclude or limit, or to attempt or purport to exclude or limit, its liability.
Reasonableness
By using this website, you agree that the exclusions and limitations of liability set out in this website disclaimer are reasonable.
If you do not think they are reasonable, you must not use this website.
Other parties
You accept that, as a limited liability entity, OTWS has an interest in limiting the personal liability of its owners, officers and employees.
You agree that you will not bring any claim personally against OTWS’s officers or employees in respect of any losses you suffer in connection with the website.
Without prejudice to the foregoing paragraph, you agree that the limitations of warranties and liability set out in this website disclaimer will protect OTWS’s owners, officers, employees, agents, subsidiaries, successors, assigns and sub-contractors as well as Arena Soccer Centers, Inc.
OTWS contracts with outside partners / providers to register players, participants, and others.
The purpose is for OTWS to utilize trusted and experienced entities to collect information and fees granting rightful, lawful and legal participation in activities, occurrences and other events normal to OTWS business operations.
No fees or personal information not outlined in this Terms of Use and Privacy Policy are collected from our web page directly.
When registering for participation as cited above you will be REDIRECTED to our partners / providers.
These entities will have their own Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
If you do not feel comfortable with this, or do not wish to be redirected, do not continue.
You may register directly in-person at OTWS or contact OTWS by phone or other means with which you feel comfortable and confident in providing your personal information.
Unenforceable provisions
If any provision of this website disclaimer is, or is found to be, unenforceable under applicable law, that will not affect the enforceability of the other provisions of this website disclaimer.
Indemnity
You hereby indemnify OTWS and undertake to keep OTWS indemnified against any losses, damages, costs, liabilities and expenses (including without limitation legal expenses and any amounts paid by OTWS to a third party in settlement of a claim or dispute on the advice of OTWS’s legal advisers) incurred or suffered by OTWS arising out of any breach by you of any provision of these terms and conditions, or arising out of any claim that you have breached any provision of these terms and conditions.
Breaches of these terms and conditions
Without prejudice to OTWS’s other rights under these terms and conditions, if you breach these terms and conditions in any way, OTWS may take such action as OTWS deems appropriate to deal with the breach, including suspending your access to the website, prohibiting you from accessing the website, blocking computers using your IP address from accessing the website, contacting your internet service provider to request that they block your access to the website and/or bringing court proceedings against you.
Variation
OTWS may revise these terms and conditions from time-to-time.
Revised terms and conditions will apply to the use of this website from the date of the publication of the revised terms and conditions on this website.
Please check this page regularly to ensure you are familiar with the current version.
Assignment
OTWS may transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with OTWS’s rights and/or obligations under these terms and conditions without notifying you or obtaining your consent.
You may not transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with your rights and/or obligations under these terms and conditions.
Severability
If a provision of these terms and conditions is determined by any court or other competent authority to be unlawful and/or unenforceable, the other provisions will continue in effect.
If any unlawful and/or unenforceable provision would be lawful or enforceable if part of it were deleted, that part will be deemed to be deleted, and the rest of the provision will continue in effect.
Entire agreement
These terms and conditions constitute the entire agreement between you and OTWS in relation to your use of this website, and supersede all previous agreements in respect of your use of this website.
Law and jurisdiction
These terms and conditions will be governed by and construed in accordance with CALIFORNIA GOVERNING LAW, and any disputes relating to these terms and conditions will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA.
Registrations and authorizations
Arena Soccer Centers, Inc.
is registered with the STATE OF CALIFORNIA
Off the Wall Soccer, 700 Mathew Street, Santa Clara, California 95050
You can contact OTWS by email to talktous@offthewallsoccer.com
Credit
This document was created using a Contractology template available at http://www.freenetlaw.com.
Cookies Policy
Cookies are files sent by web servers to web browsers, and stored by the web browsers.
The information is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
This enables a web server to identify and track web browsers.
There are two main kinds of cookies: session cookies and persistent cookies.
Session cookies are deleted from your computer when you close your browser, whereas persistent cookies remain stored on your computer until deleted, or until they reach their expiry date.
Cookies on our website
OTWS uses the following cookies on this website, for the following purposes:
Google Analytics
Google Adsense
Google cookies
OTWS uses Google Analytics to analyze the use of this website.
Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users’ computers.
The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google will store and use this information.
Google’s privacy policy is available at:
OTWS may publish Google Adsense interest-based advertisements on this website.
These are tailored by Google to reflect your interests.
To determine your interests, Google will track your behavior across the web using cookies.
You can view, delete or add interest categories associated with your browser using Google’s Ads Preference Manager, available at:
You can opt-out of the Adsense partner network cookie at:
However, this opt-out mechanism uses a cookie, and if you clear the cookies from your browser your opt-out will not be maintained. To ensure that an opt-out is maintained in respect of a particular browser, you should use the Google browser plug-in available at:
At this time no other third party cookies.
This webpage will be updated should this occur, you will need to revisit this web page to be aware of any changes in this policy.
No other notification by ASC will be made.
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies.
In Internet Explorer, you can refuse all cookies by clicking “Tools”, “Internet Options”, “Privacy”, and selecting “Block all cookies” using the sliding selector.
In Firefox, you can adjust your cookies settings by clicking “Tools”, “Options” and “Privacy”.
Blocking cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of some websites.
ADDRESS
Off the Wall Soccer
700 Mathew Street, Santa Clara, CA 95050
View Map
HOURS
Monday-Friday: 10:00am-Midnight
Saturday: 9:00am-10:00pm*
Sunday: 9:00am-10:00pm*
*Hours subject to change
DEPARTMENT EMAILS
Talk to Us! (General Information, Comments, Suggestions) – TalkToUs@offthewallsoccer.com
Advertise in the Arena or Online – TalkToUs@offthewallsoccer.com
Schedules – schedules@offthewallsoccer.com
Pro Shop Merchandise and Orders – KarlaR@offthewallsoccer.com
Party & Event Information – Events@offthewallsoccer.com
Disciplinary Committee (Red Cards, Sanctions, etc) – Disciplinary@offthewallsoccer.com
Referee Coordinator – referees@offthewallsoccer.com
Rentals – TalkToUs@offthewallsoccer.com