http://www.snowboardclub.co.uk/privacy
Snowboards
Snowboard Bindings
Snowboard Boots
Snowboard Jackets
Snowboard Pants
Snowboard Base Layers
Snowboard Gloves
Snowboard Goggles
Protection/Helmets
Safety/Backcountry
Tools/Tuning
Snowboard Bags
Snowboard Media/Films
Snowboard Accessories
Snowboard Misc.
Popular Today
Boys Proden Jacket 14+
15%off
£198.00£168.30
unbranded @ Snow and Rock
Popular Brands
Volcom
Vans
DaKine
Roxy
Von Zipper
Accessories
Cameras
Energy Food
Music
Watches
Sunglasses
Purses/Wallets
Backpacks/Luggage
Torch/Light
Stickers
Roof Racks
Accessories Misc.
Outdoors
GPS/Maps
Tents
Sleeping Bags
Climbing
Food/Cooking
Misc.
Clothing
Jackets
Tops
T-shirts
Suits
Trousers/Shorts
Skirts/Dresses
Underwear/Base Layers
Socks
Swimwear
Flip Flops/Sandals
Shoes
Hiking Shoes/Boots
Hats/Caps
Belts
Gloves/Scarves
Clothing Misc.
Join the Club
Resorts
Quick Links
All UK Slopes
Popular
Most Visited
Resort Comments
Resort News
Resort Discounts
Holiday Discounts
Travel Discounts
In Resort Discounts
We list the majority of the world's resorts and artificial slopes. Club Members get discounts at the very best of the UK's 80 slopes, in resorts abroad, on accommodation and travel.
Flag a resort as "Visited" and add it to your Hub, so you don't miss any resort news, events or community chat.
UK Indoor Slopes
Castleford Snozone
Chill Factore, Manchester
Hemel Snow Centre
Milton Keynes Snozone
Tamworth SnowDome
Snow Factor, Glasgow
UK Mountains
CairnGorm, Scotland
Glencoe, Scotland
Glenshee, Scotland
Lecht, Scotland
Nevis Range, Scotland
Popular UK Dryslopes
Bracknell Ski and Snowboard Centre
Bearsden Ski & Board Club
Glasgow Ski and Snowboard Centre
Norfolk Ski Club
Halifax
Warmwell Snowsports Centre
Swadlincote Ski slope and Snowboard Centre
Ski Runcorn
Popular World
Tignes, France
Morzine, France
Val d'Isère, France
Les Arcs, France
Les 2 Alpes, France
Avoriaz, France
Val Thorens, France
La Plagne, France
Mayrhofen, Austria
Courchevel, France
Les Gets, France
Whistler, Canada
Alpe d'Huez, France
Chamonix, France
Resorts per Country
United States (210)
Austria (162)
Japan (152)
France (138)
Italy (107)
Switzerland (103)
United Kingdom (84)
Canada (70)
Finland (45)
Germany (44)
Norway (26)
Sweden (23)
Spain (19)
South Korea (14)
News
Quick Links
Recent Headlines
All Headlines
Popular News
Featured News
Club News
News Comments
Our smallest menu fronts 15,850 snowboard news items and counting.
You'll find news throughout the site published against individual places, events and partners.
News Categories
Location News
Event News
Athlete News
Equipment News
Sales and Offers
Media News
Club News / Site News
Miscellaneous News
Info
Quick Links
Recent Headlines
Event Calendar
Forum
Discounts
Join the Club
Product Reviews
You'll find heaps of wisdom throughout the website, but we'll point you at the wisest bits here.
General Information
What is Snowboarding?
Why go Snowboarding?
Fit for Snowboarding
Competitive Snowboarding
Becoming an Instructor
Snowboard Terrain
Introduction
Halfpipe
Backcountry
Rails
Kickers
Snowboardcross
Piste & Lifts
Slope Safety
How To...
Learn to Snowboard
Freestyle
Halfpipe
Rails
Jibbing
Drop Cliffs
Kickers
Equipment Guide
Boots
Bindings
Snowboards
Tuning & Maintenance
Layers
Clothing
Helmets
Goggles
Events
Quick Links
This Month
Next Month
This Year
Next Year
Event News
Recent Comments
Event Discounts
Snowboard Club UK holds the definitive UK event calendar, which aims to avoid major event clashes!
Add events to your calendar. Add an event to your Hub, so you don't miss any important event news or community chat.
Event Types
Friendly Jam
Open Competition
Invitational
Camp / Course
Holiday / Festival
Equipment Demo
Retail
Film Showing
Upcoming Events
Event Series
Our own Club events occur throughout the year within the UK and abroad. Relaxed gatherings and you're all invited.
We're right behind the British Snow Tour, which includes The Brits and other UK snowboard and freeski events.
Snowboard Club UK are official partners of the World Snowboard Tour, which includes the many levels of TTR series.
FIS and Olympic events are the top flight for events for those wishing to represent their country.
Community
Quick Links
Join the Club
The Forum
Active Topics
Site Moderation
Unanswered Topics
Recent Comments
Forum Rules
Join the Club for just £15 a year.
Snow Forums
General UK
Abroad
Club Bash
No Mates
Technique
Equipment / Media
Wanted / For Sale
Kit Review Forums
Snowboard Boots
Technical Clothing
Snowboards
Helmets / Protection
Snowboard Bindings
Other Gear
Other Forums
The Drop Inn
Club / Website
The Forum is a place for the exchange of opinion and information. Friendly and moderated with a light touch.
You can comment on news, events, resorts and discounts. Want to discuss something? Take it to the Forum.
FacebookTwitter
Action Sports Club Privacy Policy
View
Forum (0)
What is the Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy (the 'Policy') forms part of the Terms and Conditions for the access and use of this Website (the 'Terms') and should be read in conjunction with the Terms. Your access and use of this Website and any information you provide on the Website remains subject to the terms of this Policy and to our Terms. This Policy may be updated from time to time and you should read it each time you use this Website to ensure that you are happy with it. If you do not accept the contents of this Policy and the Terms then please do not use this Website. By visiting this Website, you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this policy, terms and cookie policy.
We recognise that you value your privacy.
This Policy provides information about the use and disclosure of personally identifiable information collected about you on the Website. We are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected.
1. Minimum Age
Children under 13
The minimum age for members is 13. Please do not try to become a member if you are younger than 13. If you are under 13 and have joined we will delete your information as soon as possible after learning this. Please advise us if you believe we have personal information relating to a person younger than 13.
Parents' permission
Minors 13 years or older must ask their parents' permission before providing personal information to us on the internet. Personal information placed on the Website will, subject to any privacy preferences set by you, be available on the internet.
2. Scope of the Policy
Material you provide
You acknowledge that any personal details and material (videos, images, or other content) posted by you on the Website is published material and ceases to be private; such material is not considered to be personally identifiable information and is therefore not subject to this Policy.
Limited effect of privacy policy
This Policy only applies to this Website and our other Websites, but not to any external websites or other organisations, companies, individuals to which we provide links or any advertisers or merchants who use our Website. It does not apply to those external websites, applications, and entities which we do not control.
Purpose of the Policy
This Policy is concerned with governing the type of information and the manner in which we collect and store personal information about you and your use of the Website, the way that we use such information and the circumstances in which we will disclose information about you.
3. Information Collection by us
Your registration with Action Sports Club
In order to register an account with us, you need to provide us with certain personally identifiable information (including your name, surname, date of birth, sex, email address, mobile phone number, IP address, country, address and postcode, sports interests, your activity on the Website (for website improvement purposes) and a profile image). We also ask you whether we can contact you with offers from us (and others) and in what ways we can communicate with you. You warrant that the personal information which you are required to provide when you register with us is true, accurate, current and complete in all respects. If any of the information you have provided to us changes, for example if you change your email address or name, or if you wish to cancel your registration, please email your new details to info[@]actionsports.club
Your participation in our activities
Once you are registered with us, you can participate in various activities on our Website, including, but not limited to posting messages in our forums or the video comments section, creating blogs, uploading pictures and/or videos, posting material on your profile, participating in surveys, entering competitions and taking advantage of promotions, subscribing to newsletters or other mailing lists.
Opting in and opting out
When you register with us, you will have the option of opting out of various email subscription newsletters. We may also wish to provide you with information about special features of our Website or any other service or products we think may be of interest to you. If you would rather not receive this information, please log into your club profile and unselect the unwanted newsletter or follow instructions on the bottom of any newsletter(s) received to unsubscribe.
4. Our use of cookies and other information gathering technologies
Why we use cookies
When you visit our Website, we may send you one or more cookies to make the Website easier to use. Cookies are small text files that we transfer to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognise your browser and to provide features such as automated login on your next visit. Cookies also enable us to personalise our content to your tastes based upon information that you have provided to us, such as an interest in a particular sport. Cookies in themselves do not contain any personal data, and can only be read and understood by the webserver that issued them.
If you don't want the cookies
You can set your browser so that it will not accept cookies, but some components of the Website may not function properly or efficiently if you cannot accept cookies.
Recording your visits to the Website
When you visit our Website, our servers automatically record certain information that your web browser sends whenever it visits any sites. The information recorded will include your IP address, browser type, web request, URLs, domain names and other technical data.
Other recording technologies
We may also employ the use of other technologies to track the online usage pattern of our Users in our Website but such tracking will not be personally identifiable.
Read more about our cookie policy
5. How we use your information
Using your personal information
If you register with us and submit any personally identifiable information to us, we will use your personal information to operate, maintain and provide you with the services and interactive functionality of our Website.
Media you provide
Any pictures/and or videos that you provide to us for uploading may be redistributed through the internet and other media and may be viewed by the public.
Posting your information on the Website
You can limit the spread of your personal information on the Website by opting out of the provision of some of your personal details. If you voluntarily disclose on the Website any personal information then this becomes publicly available and may be collected by others.
Aggregating the personal information we receive
We may arrange with other websites and advertisers to share aggregate information and statistics for the purposes of monitoring usage of our Website to help us develop our Website and the services we offer. We may provide the aggregate information to third parties from time to time, but these statistics will not include personally identifiable information.
Sale of personal Information
We will not sell your personal information to third parties without your consent; we will not use your email address or other personally identifiable information to send commercial or marketing messages without your consent or unless you have specifically opted in to a particular feature, for example, a newsletter.
Non-Marketing and Administrative usage
We may use your personal information for non-marketing, administrative purposes.
Limiting your personal information
You can control how you share your personal information on the Website by opting out of the provision of some personal details. When you click on links you will go to other site(s) and we are not and cannot be responsible for those sites.
6. Protection of your information
Our security
The internet is not a secure medium. We have, however, put in place various security procedures to help to protect your personal information. Protection technologies we use include industry recognised firewalls, browser certification, password protection and limited access to personal information.
Confidentiality
We keep your personal information confidential. Our internal procedures cover the storage, access and disclosure of your information.
Imperfect security
We do not represent, warrant or guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us, and any transmission is carried out at your sole risk. Once we receive information we have our own security systems in place, but we do not represent or warrant or guarantee that such systems cannot be breached. Although we will take steps to protect your personal details and you have some options to limit these no security measures are perfect and we cannot promise that only authorised people will access your personal information
Breach of security
If our security systems have been breached, then we will take appropriate steps to remedy this and to notify you of any breach.
7. Updating your details
If any of the details you have provided to us change, then it is your responsibility to inform us of any such changes.
8. Disclosure of information
Sharing of your personal information
We may provide personally identifiable information and non-personally-identifiable information to our subsidiaries, affiliated companies, or other businesses or persons for the purpose of processing such information on our behalf. We require that these parties agree to process such information in compliance with our Policy, and we use reasonable efforts to limit their use of such information and to use other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
Anonymous elements of your personal information
We may share information that is not personally identifiable (such as anonymous User usage data) with interested third-parties to assist them in understanding the usage patterns for certain content, services, advertisements, promotions, and/or functionality on our Website.
When we must disclose your personal information
We will disclose your personal data, personally identifiable information and your User activity and any other details if we are requested to do so by law or by any regulatory or governmental authority or by any law enforcement agency, or upon receipt of a court order or summons or a legitimate request by a third party (for example, the police) in investigating illegal activities to provide information concerning your activities on our Website.
Other disclosure of your personal information
We reserve the right to disclose information that we believe is appropriate or necessary to enforce our Terms, take precautions against liability, to investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations, to protect the security or integrity of our Website, and to protect our Users and our Users' rights, property, or personal safety.
No disclosure of personal information to advertisers
We do not provide any personally identifiable information to any advertisers, merchants or other Users. If you engaged with any advertisers, merchants or other Users on the Website, for example, in the Marketplace, then the terms in this Policy are not applicable to such arrangements and you should find out what privacy policies such third parties have in place.
The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area ("EEA"). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who works for us or for one of our suppliers. Such staff may be engaged in, amongst other things, the provision of support services. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Policy.
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Any payment transactions will be encrypted. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. Please do not share your password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features with a view to preventing unauthorised access.
9. Assignment of personal information on a sale, merger or liquidation of the Website
When we will pass your information on
We reserve the right to assign any data that we have collected about you to any third party purchaser. We may not be able to control how your personal information is treated, used or managed in the unlikely event that we become insolvent, subject to administration or enter receivership. In the event of a sale, transfer, reorganisation or other disposal, in whole or in part, your details may form part of the transferred business assets and as such may be shared with our advisors and any prospective purchasers and their advisors.
10. Changes to the Policy
Consent to the Policy[b]
By submitting your information, you consent to the use of that information as set out in the Policy. The Policy may be revised periodically and we will give you notice of the details of new policy.
[b]Changes and notice
If we change our Policy we will post the changes on this page and may place notices on other pages of the Website. We will indicate at the top of this page the date the Policy was last amended.
11. Access to Personal Data
The capture, storage and use of your data is governed by the Data Protection Act 1998. This Act also gives you the right to access information held about you.
Application for your data
Should you wish to obtain a copy of any personal data we have about you, please email us at info[@]actionsports.club. We will provide you, with a readable copy of your personal data within 40 days of your request. The cost in most circumstances will be £10 per application. If the cost of processing your application is more than £10 we will notify you before proceeding.
Proof of identity
Before we provide you with a copy of any personal data we retain about you, we may ask for proof of your identity.
Dissatisfaction with the data
If you consider that the information that we have about you is incorrect, incomplete or inaccurate, you must inform us promptly, so that we can make the necessary amendments.
Your enquiries
If you have any queries regarding our Policy, please email your query to info[@]actionsports.club
Backline Visor Premium
15%off
£191.00£162.35
unbranded @ Snow and Rock
Patrol E1 22L Rucksack
15%off
£800.00£680.00
unbranded @ Snow and Rock
Recently Added
McCormick sends double and phenom Brookes doubles up
With Wednesday a write off due to heavy snow, and much more falling through the night, BRITS competitors tentatively made their way through the clouds to the Crap Sogn Gion.
Tom and Amy double down at The Brits
Tom Greenway and Amy Clayton have capped off perfect weeks in Laax by winning ski slopestyle gold today at The BRITS.
The pair swept to big air glory in a weather-affected competition on Wednesday, and after the cancellation of halfpipe yesterday both were back in action and on top of the slopestyle podium.
In the ladies’ event, 14-year-old Amy Clayton produced a 98-point final run and m
Brookes and Cockrell win, but Mother Nature rules the day
With a big weather front on the horizon, it was hoped that it would only affect one day of competition, but the early arrival of the wind shortened today’s Picture Big Air British Championship to one breezy run.
Battling the elements and coming out on top were 2018 champions Billy Cockrell and Mia Brookes.
A cloudy morning welcomed riders on the Crap Sogn Gion, but as they cleared it looked
New names claim ski cross golds at The Brits
Olympians and Junior World Champions have graced the ski cross podium in recent year at The BRITS but it was a host of teenagers which took centre stage today in an event which rewarded raw speed over cunning and tactics.
With conditions closing in, there was always the chance the ski cross titles would be determined by qualifying times alone, and so it ended up with the weather causing the can
Greenway and Clayton rule the skies
Day one of competition at The BRITS saw the UK’s finest amongst the monoliths of Laax’s pro line kickers, throwing their best moves for arguably the purest event in freeski - Big Air.
Just one big trick was all that stood between each skier and the national title, but once the dust settled it was Tom Greenway and Amy Clayton who walked away with the day’s golds.
With three perfectly groo
Billy celebrates in style as Maisie defends title
Winter Olympic big air bronze medallist has celebrated his 30th birthday in style at The BRITS today by taking out the men’s boardercross for the second time in three years.
Qualifying with the second-fastest time, the 2017 champion won through to the final and was up against competitors specialising in the discipline.
However Morgan showed that his class in the air can be replicated on
The Snow Centre Hemel Hempstead to Open a Second Ski Slope
The operators of The Snow Centre Hemel Hempstead, London’s closest real snow indoor skiing and snowboarding destination are adding a second facility to their portfolio of real snow indoor centres.
First double cork indoors? Max Jorge
Is this the first snowboard double cork backflip landed at an indoor real snow slope?
5% off
Snow Candy
Either quote the code below via telephone enquiry or enter in the coupon code online
Air Attack
On 20 Oct 2018, Snowtrax, Christchurch, UK
Recent Vouchers and Promos >
Promo
Wiggle Online Cycle Shop Promo
Christmas Store at Wiggle
Terms:
.
Sale
Snowboard Asylum Sale
Free Delivery Over £50
Sale
Snowboard Asylum Sale
Check New Arrivals from The Snowboard Asylum
Sale
Snowboard Asylum Sale
Check out The Snowboard Asylum Sale!
Sale
AW Cycles Sale
AW Cycles Gold Complete Service (Stripped, Cleaned, Checked & Rebuilt!) Just £120 Add Fast Tracked For An Extra £35
Community
default
A Snowboarding Destination for You In Dubai
(2)
Last By HandD 3 days 15 hours ago
default
Avoriaz- kids group lessons 15th to 21st March 202...
(1)
Last By james121 5 weeks 6 days ago
default
tesco case study
(0)
By kristalbrown963 6 weeks 3 days ago
hot
Where's d best place to find cheap snowboardi...
(25)
Last By essayreviews 7 weeks 15 hours ago
default
helping out the kingussie high school
(2)
Last By Kameron28 7 weeks 23 hours ago
default
2021 Season Status
(1)
Last By HandD 7 weeks 6 days ago
default
ford case study
(0)
By kristalbrown963 8 weeks 23 hours ago
hot
What happened, the forum is so quiet these days...
(22)
Last By CraigGTI16v 8 weeks 4 days ago
default
FS: Union Danny Kass bindings medium
(0)
By sputtock 16 weeks 2 days ago
hot
Which model Stepchild Board is this please
(13)
Last By thisisemerica1 17 weeks 1 day ago
Popular Discount Today
10-15%Tignes Spirit
Member Location Map
Club Membership - Ride More, Pay Less
Club Membership is just £15 and will quickly have you saving money.Join now and start saving in less than a minute!Join the ClubSnowboard Club UK is part of Action Sports Club.
Create Free User Account
Log in or create an account to join the community, create your profile, build your hub and subscribe to the Snowboard Club UK newsletter.Site users:32,260Subscribers:28,561
Home | Contact Us | Become a Partner | Advertise | General T&Cs | Membership T&Cs | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 1997-2020 Action Sports Club Limited.
Site by
// 4.638.3