http://www.discover-horse-carriage-driving.com/privacy-policy.html
Home
Forum
Contact
About
Share This Site
Privacy
Site Map
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy for Discover-Horse-Carriage-Driving.com
We are committed to protecting your privacy.
We collect the minimum amount of information about you that is commensurate with providing you with a satisfactory service.
This Policy indicates the type of processes that may result in data being collected about you.
Your use of this website gives us the right to collect that information.
Information Collected
Name and email address is collected for the purpose of mailing newsletters to subscribers.
We use the information collected primarily to process the task for which you visited the website.
Cookies
Your Internet browser has the in-built facility for storing small files - "cookies" - that hold information which allows a website to recognise your account.
Our website takes advantage of this facility to enhance your experience.
You have the ability to prevent your computer from accepting cookies but, if you do, certain functionality on the website may be impaired.
Disclosing Information
We do not disclose any personal information obtained about you from this website to third parties except when we need to do so in order to
complete the transaction - e.g. when arranging for a courier company to deliver goods that you have ordered.
We may also use the information to keep in contact with you and inform you of developments associated with our business.
You will be given the opportunity to remove yourself from any mailing list or similar device.
If at any time in the future we should wish to disclose information collected on this website to any third party, it would only be with your knowledge and consent.
Changes to this Policy
Any changes to our Policy will be placed here and will supersede this version of our Policy.
We will take reasonable steps to draw your attention to any changes in our Policy.
However, to be on the safe side, we suggest that you read this document each time you use the website to ensure that it still meets with your approval.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, or if you want to know what information we have collected about you, please contact us.
You can also correct any factual errors in that information or require us to remove your details from any list under our control.
Privacy Policy written by ContractStore.
Games and Fun
Free Horse Games
Online Horse Games
Your Horse Story
Best Horse Games
Horse Games for Kids
Free Jigsaws
Virtual Horse Games
Horse Facts for Kids
Driving with Horses
Whip's Blog
Whip's Library
Driving Lessons and Instructors
Driving Videos
Horsy News
The Horse
The Driving Horse
Horse Health
Horse Articles
Horse Training Tips
Horse Types and Breeds
The Draft Horse
Draft Horse For Sale
Light Horse Breeds
The Friesian Horse
The Gypsy Vanner
What Do I Need?
Driving Equipment
The Horse Harness
The Horse Carriage
Horse Insurance
Travelling Horse-Drawn
Gypsy Caravan
Caravan Holiday
Quality Gypsy Holiday
Wedding Carriage
Articles and Tips
Buying a Horse?
Buying a Vehicle?
Winter Driving
ADD
TO YOUR SOCIAL BOOKMARKS:BlinkDel.icio.us Digg
Furl Google Simpy Spurl Technorati Y! MyWeb
| HOME | Contact | Site Map |Share this Site |
Return to top of Privacy Policy
Copyright© 2013 www.discover-horse-carriage-driving.com