http://www.hrr.co.uk/shop-terms-conditions
Contact
Delivery Costs
Login
Register
Visit
Stewards' Enclosure
Regatta Enclosure
Hospitality
Temple Island
Fawley Tea Room
Fawley Meadows
Riverside Chalets
Little Lion Meadow
Restaurants and Bars
Dress Code
Moorings
Travel and Parking
Opening Times
Compete
Events & Rules
Entries & The Draw
List of 2019 Entries
Racing
Racing Information
Results of Qualifying
News & Media
News & Media
Inside Lines
Royalty Free Photos
Results & Photos
Results
Live Results Stream
Recent Winners
Regatta Records
Photos
2019
2018
2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005
2004
Discover
Discover
Charitable Trust
History
Prizegivers
Trophies
Official Partners
Work for Us
Temple Island
Shop
New Arrivals
Clothing
Gentlemen's Clothing
Ladies' Clothing
Children's Clothing
Accessories
Gentlemen's Accessories
Ladies' Accessories
Rowers' Accessories
Umbrellas
Souvenirs
China
Key Fobs
Other
Stationery
Teddy Bears
Jewellery
Ladies' Jewellery
Men's Jewellery
Home Gifts
A Royal Regatta Picnic
Badge Display Cases
In the Kitchen
Soft Furnishings
Books
Prints & Cards
Cards
Prints
Members & Personalised
Members
Personalised
Sale
Contact Us
Book Tickets
Request Brochure
Contact
Delivery Costs
Login
Register
Book Tickets
Request Brochure
Home / Shop Terms & Conditions
Shop Terms & Conditions
Henley Royal Regatta Online Gift Shop – Terms & Conditions
1.                 About UsWe are Henley Royal Regatta (a company registered in England and Wales with company number 10755921) of Regatta Headquarters, Henley-on-Thames, Oxfordshire RG9 2LY ("we", "our" or "us"). We are the operator of the online gift shop available at https://www.hrr.co.uk/shop (the Website).This page sets out the legal terms and conditions (Ts&Cs) on which we sell any of the products listed on the Website (Products) to you. Please note that tickets, badges and hospitality packages are not sold by us through the online shop, but can be brought from Henley Royal Regatta in a variety of ways, including online. Further information is available on the main website at https://www.hrr.co.uk/buy-ticketsPlease read these Ts&Cs carefully and make sure that you understand them before ordering any Products from the Website. We reserve the right to alter or update these Ts&Cs at any time, and the version of these Ts&Cs which is displayed on the Website on the date that an order is placed will apply to that order.2.                 ProductsPhotographs and specifications of our Products which appear on this Website are intended only to give a general description and indication of the Products. Actual colours, sizes, weights, capacities and other specifications of the Products you order may vary slightly from the photographs and specifications of the Products on our Website.All Products shown on the Website are subject to availability. If we are unable to supply you with Products, we will inform you of this by email and we will not accept your order. If you have already paid for the Products, we will refund you the full amount.3.                 PricesThe price of the Products will be as quoted on the Website at the date of your order as confirmed by us, inclusive of VAT.All prices are quoted in UK Pounds Sterling and must be paid in full. The price of Products does not include delivery charges, which shall (if applicable) be payable in addition to the price at the rate as quoted on the Website at the date of your order. We accept Visa, Visa Debit, and Mastercard.If you are shopping from outside the UK, please place your order and your credit card company will convert the transaction to your own currency. Please note that your credit card company may charge you for this currency conversion.We take all reasonable care to ensure that the price of our Products advised to you is correct, but it is always possible that, despite our best efforts, some of the Products may be incorrectly priced. If the Products' correct price at your order date is higher than the price stated to you, we will contact you for your instructions before we accept your order. If we accept and process your order where a pricing error is obvious and unmistakeable and could reasonably have been recognised by you as a mispricing, we may end the Contract, refund you any sums you have paid and require the return of any Products provided to you.Please note that we also offer a gift wrapping service the cost of which is listed under each Product.4.                 Making a purchaseMaking a purchase could not be easier. Just browse our online Catalogue, click on any Products that you wish to buy and click 'Add to Cart' to put them into your shopping cart. After you have finished your shopping, click "Your Cart" followed by “Checkout” and you will be asked for a few details that we need to be able to process the order.We will treat each order for Products, confirmed when you click on the "Proceed" button on the final checkout screen, as an offer by you to purchase the Products subject to these Ts&Cs. You are responsible for ensuring the accuracy of your order and we shall supply you, subject to availability, with the quantity and specification of the Products set out in your order.If your item is not in stock, we will email you to tell you, advise if the Product is being reordered, and offer you the option to cancel your order if you would rather not wait.  Should you decide to cancel the order for the out of stock item then a refund will be issued together with any postage as appropriate.Our acceptance of your order will take place when we email you to accept it , at which point a contract will come into existence between you and us (the Contract). Although we confirm orders for Products by email, you are advised to make a print-out of the order confirmation screen before closing the webpage. If we are unable to accept your order, we will inform you of this and will refund you for the Products.  This might be, for example, because the Products are out of stock, or because we have identified an error in the price or description of the Products.5.                 Credit Card SecurityAll credit and debit card transactions are handled by SagePay, which uses secure processing facilities. All payment transactions are encrypted, and no card details are held by Henley Royal Regatta.6.                 Delivery & ShippingWe aim to dispatch Products within 48 hours  after we accept your order however please allow up to 14 days for UK delivery and 28 days for overseas delivery.UK express delivery is one-two working days from when the order is dispatched. For overseas express delivery, please contact us for a quote for the date of delivery before submitting your order to us.Delivery will be completed when we deliver the Products to the address you gave us when you placed your order. The Products will be your responsibility from the completion of delivery. You own the Products once we have received payment in full, including all applicable delivery charges.If no one is available at your address to take delivery and the Products cannot be posted through your letterbox or left at your address, we will leave you a note informing you of how to rearrange delivery or collect the Products from a local depot.  If you do not re-arrange delivery or collect the Products from a delivery depot we will contact you for further instructions and may charge you for storage and any further delivery costs.  If, despite our reasonable efforts, we are unable to contact you or re-arrange delivery or collection we may end the Contract with you.  If this occurs, we will refund any money paid by you in advance for Products we have not provided but we may deduct or charge you reasonable compensation for the net costs we incur as a result of your breaking the Contract.If the supply of Products is delayed by an event outside our control then we will contact you as soon as possible to let you know and we will take steps to minimise the effect of the delay. Provided we do this we will not be liable for delays caused by the event, but if there is a risk of substantial delay you may contact us to end the Contract and receive a refund for any Products you have paid for but not received.Please note that we cannot be held responsible for any local import duties or taxes that may be charged at the point of entry. Any such duties or taxes must be paid by you to the Customs & Excise authority of the relevant country or countries before the goods are released for delivery.7.                 CancellationsIf you are a consumer, you have a legal right to cancel the Contract in the event that you change your mind (for any reason) about keeping the Products you ordered. By law, you have until fourteen (14) days after the day you (or someone you nominate) receives the Products to cancel the Contract for your order with us and obtain a full refund for the Products (unless your goods are split into several deliveries over different days, in which case you have until 14 days after you (or someone you nominate) receives the last delivery to change your mind about the goods).If you exercise your right to change your mind about the Products, we will refund you delivery costs up to the maximum costs of delivery by the least expensive delivery method that we offer.  For example, if you choose an express delivery option then we will only refund you what you would have paid for the cheaper delivery option. 8.                 If there is a problem with ProductsWe are under a legal duty to supply products that are in conformity with the Contract. Separately from your right to cancel the Contract, if your item is faulty or defective upon receipt, we will offer a full refund within thirty (30) days (starting from the day you receive the Products set out in your order). We will refund the price of defective Products in full (at the price you paid for your item, plus any applicable delivery charges).If you wish to exercise your legal rights to reject Products you must post them back to us or (if they are not suitable for posting) allow us to collect them from you.  We will pay the costs of postage or collection. Please contact us to obtain further details regarding returns or to arrange collection.9.                 How to end the contract with usTo end the contract with us, please let us know by telephoning or emailing us at the contact details set out below. Please provide your name, home address, details of the order and, where available, your phone number and email address.Alternatively, please print off the cancellation form found at the bottom of these Ts&Cs and post it to us at the address on the form. Or simply write to us at that address, including details of what you bought, when you ordered or received it and your name and address. 10.              Returns and refundsIf you end the Contract for any reason after Products have been dispatched to you or you have received them, you must return them to us. You must either post the Products back to us at the address set out at the bottom of these Ts&Cs or (if they are not suitable for posting and we agree to this in writing) allow us to collect them from you. Please contact us to obtain further details regarding returns or to arrange collection.  If you are exercising your right to change your mind you must send off the Products within fourteen (14) days of telling us you wish to end the Contract.If you return a Product, it remains your responsibility until it reaches us, so please make sure it is packaged properly and cannot get damaged on the way. We try hard to accept all returns, and returns to us do not need to be in the original packaging. In the unlikely event that an item is returned to us in an unsuitable condition, we may have to send it back to you (at your own cost) or deduct the value of the Product that has been lost through damage.As soon as your return has been received and checked by us, we will email you to let you know. In the unlikely event that you have not received an email within ten (10) days of returning your items, please contact us using the contact details below.We will refund you the price you paid for the Products and relevant delivery costs as set out in these Ts&Cs, by the method you used for payment.  If you are exercising you right to change your mind: (i) we may reduce your refund of the price (excluding delivery costs) to reflect any reduction in the value of the Products, if this has been caused by your handling them in a way which would not be permitted in a shop.  If we refund you the price paid before we are able to inspect the Products and later discover you have handled them in an unacceptable way, you must pay us an appropriate amount; (ii) the maximum refund for delivery costs will (as set above) be limited as set out under the heading of "Cancellations" above.11.              Our liabilityIf we fail to comply with these Ts&Cs, we are responsible for loss or damage you suffer that is a foreseeable result of our breach of these Ts&Cs or our failure to use reasonable care and skill, but we are not responsible for any loss or damage that is not foreseeable. Loss or damage is foreseeable if it is obvious that it will happen or if, at the time the Contract was made, both you and we knew it would happen, for example, you discussed it during the sales process.We are not liable to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or loss of business opportunity.We do not in any way exclude or limit our liability to you where it would be unlawful to do so. This includes liability for: death or personal injury caused by our negligence or the negligence of our employees, agents or subcontractors; fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; any breach of your legal rights in relation to the Products including the right to receive products which are: as described and match information we provided to you and any sample or model seen or examined by you; of satisfactory quality; fit for any particular purpose made known to us; supplied with reasonable skill and care; and for defective products under the Consumer Protection Act 1987.We will not be liable or responsible for any failure to perform, or delay in performance of, any of our obligations under a Contract that is caused by an 'Event Outside Our Control' (which means any act or event beyond our reasonable control, including without limitation strikes or other industrial action by third parties, civil commotion, terrorist attack, war, fire, explosion, natural disaster, failure of public or private telecommunications networks or impossibility of the use of railways, shipping, aircraft, motor transport or other means of public or private transport). If an Event Outside Our Control takes place that affects the performance of our obligations under a Contract, we will contact you as soon as reasonably possible to notify you and we will take steps to minimise the delay.  Provided we do this we will not be liable for delays caused by the Event Outside Our Control, but if there is a risk of substantial delay you may contact us to end the Contract and receive a refund for any Products you have paid for but not received.12.              GeneralPlease see our Privacy and Cookies Policy for details of how we will process personal information you provide to us at https://www.hrr.co.uk/privacy-cookie-policyYou may only transfer your rights or your obligations under these Ts&Cs to another person if we agree to this in writing.This Contract is between you and us.  Except as set out in these Ts&Cs, (including in circumstances where we or you have transferred rights and obligations to a third party as set out above) no other person shall have any right to enforce any of its terms. Each of the paragraphs of these Ts&Cs operates separately. If any court or relevant authority decides that any of them are unlawful or unenforceable, the remaining paragraphs will remain in full force and effect.If we fail to insist that you perform any of your obligations under this Contract immediately, or if we delay in taking steps against you in respect of your breaking this Contract, that will not mean that you do not have to do those things and it will not prevent us taking steps against you at a later date.These Ts&Cs are governed by English law and you can bring legal proceedings in respect of the products in the English courts.Exceptional delivery chargesPlease note: We reserve the right to vary postage charges as necessary on items that are unusually high in weight, volume or value. We will contact customers to agree the required rate prior to shipping. If you do not agree to any such postage charges you may end the Contract with us by letting us know that you do not wish to proceed with your order.  If this applies we will refund you in full for any Products which have not been provided.13.              Modern Slavery ActHRR is committed to upholding basic human rights and takes steps to ensure that all of the supply chains are free from trafficking and slavery, and comply with the Modern Slavery Act 2015.  14.              Dispute resolutionIf you have a complaint about our service or any Products we have supplied to you, you can contact us using the details set out below and we will do our best to resolve it.If you are not happy with our response, you can submit your complaint or dispute for online resolution to the European Commission Online Dispute Resolution platform. This alternative dispute resolution is a process where an independent body considers the facts of a dispute and seeks to resolve it, without you having to go to court. If you are not satisfied with the outcome you can still bring legal proceedings against us.15.              Contact UsIf you have any general enquiries about these Ts&Cs, please contact us by email at shop@hrr.co.uk (this email address is for e-commerce enquiries only). Please contact us by telephone (+44 (0)1491 572153) or fax (+44 (0)1491 575509) if you have other matters to discuss. Alternatively, you can write to us at:Henley Royal RegattaRegatta HeadquartersHenley-on-ThamesOxfordshireRG9 2LYThese Ts&Cs were last updated in November 2017.
CANCELLATION FORMTo: Henley Royal RegattaRegatta HeadquartersHenley-on-ThamesOxfordshireRG9 2LYshop@hrr.co.ukTelephone +44 (0)1491 572153Fax +44 (0)1491 575509I/We [*] hereby give notice that I/We [*] cancel my/our [*] contract of sale of the following goods [*]  Ordered on [*]/received on [*],Name of consumer(s),Address of consumer(s),  Signature of consumer(s) Date
Visit
Buy Tickets Stewards' Enclosure Regatta Enclosure Hospitality Travel & Parking
Compete
Compete Events Entries & The Draw List of 2019 Entries Racing Timetable
News and Media
News Inside Lines Press Accreditation Royalty Free Photographs
Results & Photos
Results Photos Results of Qualifying Recent Winners Live Results Stream Regatta Records
© 1999-2019 Henley Royal Regatta Privacy/Cookie Policy Terms of use Shop T&Cs Jobs Contact