https://www.preakness.com/terms-privacy
Home
Webisodes
Results
Events
News
Shop
BET NOW
Home
Webisodes
Results
Events
News
Shop
BET NOW
Terms & Privacy
This website is provided by Maryland Jockey Club (MJC), subject to the following terms and conditions (“Terms”). By using this website, you agree to these terms.
Changes to the Website and to the TermsIn preparing this website, Maryland Jockey Club (MJC) has tried to include accurate, complete and current information, however, there are no guarantees or warranties (express or implied) about the website contents.
The information contained here is provided “AS IS” and Maryland Jockey Club (MJC) is not responsible for its use or misuse. Maryland Jockey Club (MJC) may change or delete portions of this website from time to time without notice or obligation to the users. Information may be changed or updated without notice and may contain technical, substantive or other inaccuracies. Maryland Jockey Club (MJC) makes no commitment to, and specifically disclaims any duty to, update or correct any such information. Maryland Jockey Club (MJC) shall not be liable for damages of any kind arising out of or in connection with the use of this website.
Maryland Jockey Club (MJC) may change the Terms from time to time, and your continued use of this website after any changes constitutes your acceptance of the new Terms.
CopyrightThe text, images, graphics and layout on this website are copyrighted and are protected by international copyright laws and treaties and are either owned or licensed by Maryland Jockey Club (MJC).
Maryland Jockey Club (MJC) grants to you a revocable license to view and print any material on this website for personal, non-commercial use provided that you do not modify or alter the material in any way, including by deleting or changing any copyright or trademark notice. This is a license grant and does not constitute any transfer of ownership. This license is non-transferable and may be terminated or revoked at any time in Maryland Jockey Club (MJC)’s sole and absolute discretion. The contents of this website may not be copied or displayed for commercial purposes without our written consent.
Maryland Jockey Club (MJC) reserves the right to control the framing of this site. You are expressly prohibited from framing or otherwise displaying or incorporating any portion of this website into any other information system and you agree to promptly cease and discontinue any such framing upon your receipt of a request from Maryland Jockey Club (MJC).
By entering the MJC facilities, entrant agrees that MJC and its affiliates, licensees, agents and assigns shall have the unrestricted right and license to use entrant’s name, image and voice in any telecast, broadcast motion picture, photograph, video and sound recording in connection with horse races and related events at MJC’s facilities, for news reporting and/or marketing purposes.
Trademarks
The trademarks, trade names, service marks, and corporate logos and emblems displayed on this website, including names and logos identifying Maryland Jockey Club (MJC) and its investment in MEC are owned by Maryland Jockey Club (MJC) or its related investee, MEC, and may not be used without prior written permission from Maryland Jockey Club (MJC) or MEC, as applicable.
Other marks that appear on this website may be claimed as trademarks or service marks by their respective owners, who may not be affiliated with Maryland Jockey Club (MJC).
Privacy StatementMaryland Jockey Club (MJC)’s privacy statement also applies to your use of this website and is incorporated herein by this reference.
ConfidentialityUnless Maryland Jockey Club (MJC) has entered into a separate agreement with you or your company to the contrary, Maryland Jockey Club (MJC) is under no obligation to protect or otherwise treat as confidential any information you submit to Maryland Jockey Club (MJC) via this website. By submitting any information to Maryland Jockey Club (MJC) via this website, you agree that such information shall become the property of Maryland Jockey Club (MJC) and may be used, copied, sublicensed, adapted, transmitted, distributed, publicly performed, published, displayed or deleted as Maryland Jockey Club (MJC) sees fit without notice or obligation to the originator. You agree that you are not entitled to any compensation, credit or notice whatsoever and that by sending an unsolicited submission you waive the right to make any claim against Maryland Jockey Club (MJC), or its affiliates or subsidiaries relating to unsolicited submissions, including, without limitation, unfair competition, breach of implied contract or breach of confidentiality.
Links to Third Party WebsitesMaryland Jockey Club (MJC) does not control and is therefore not responsible for the content of any non-Maryland Jockey Club (MJC) website you may gain access to through this site. Links to non-Maryland Jockey Club (MJC) websites are provided only as a convenience and do not imply that Maryland Jockey Club (MJC) endorses, verifies, monitors, or accepts any responsibility for the content of any such website. Maryland Jockey Club (MJC) makes no representations about, and is not responsible for, the contents or use of such other websites. You acknowledge and agree that Maryland Jockey Club (MJC) shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any non-Maryland Jockey Club (MJC) website.This website is provided by Maryland Jockey Club, subject to the following privacy statement. By using this website, you agree to the privacy policy. Maryland Jockey Club may change this statement from time to time, and your continued use of this site after any changes constitutes your acceptance of the new privacy policy.
Privacy Policy
Electronic Privacy Statement for Maryland Jockey Club
This privacy policy was last updated on February 15, 2012
Your privacy is Important to Us.  PLEASE READ
Maryland Jockey Club has created this electronic privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. We believe that strong electronic privacy is crucial for the ongoing success of the Internet as a service, commercial, and entertainment medium. The following discloses our electronic information gathering and dissemination practices for our racetrack facility and our websites: www.laurelpark.com and www.pimlico.com.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
We may collect the following personal information from you: your first and last name, your email address, driver’s license number, mailing address, telephone number and demographic information.  You may opt-out of receiving communications from us by following the instructions in the “Choice/Opt-Out” Section below.
We use information about you for monitoring and improving our internal operations, to properly perform any services you have requested, to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to improve the experience of users on our websites, for marketing and promotional purposes, and to direct important notices and information to you including in respect of events conducted at our facility.  Maryland Jockey Club does not collect personal information about you except when you provide it to Maryland Jockey Club on a voluntary basis.
Occasionally we run surveys, newsletters, contests or promotions for additional products and services that we market for ourselves, for affiliates or for third parties (“General Solicitations”).  You will be periodically contacted in respect of such General Solicitations which we reasonably believe may be of interest to you or be useful to you, either directly by us or by our corporate parent, The Stronach Group.  If you wish to no longer receive General Solicitations from us, you have the option to opt out of receiving such emails by following the instructions in the “Choice/Opt-Out” Section below.
Links and Public Forums
Our websites may contain links to other websites.  Our websites are not responsible or liable for the privacy practices or content of such other websites.
Please be aware than any information, personal or otherwise, that you disclose online in a message board or chat room makes that information public information.  You should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information online.  Maryland Jockey Club is not responsible for personally identifiable information posted on such public forums.
Use of Cookies
A cookie is a small data file that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive.  Cookies do not damage your system or impair its functioning in any way.  Maryland Jockey Club may use cookies to tailor and enhance your experience at its websites, to show you content that you might be interested in, to display content according to your preferences and to track website traffic patterns.  Cookies do not contain any personal identifying information and cannot read data off your hard disk.
Policy Changes
Maryland Jockey Club has the right to modify this privacy policy from time to time and shall make, at its sole discretion, such changes or modifications as it deems appropriate.
Security
Our websites have security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the personal information under our control.  All data is kept on secure database servers.
All data entry is done via a secure interface that provides no export facility.  Please be advised, however, that the Internet and other networking communication mediums are not secure, unless specified as such, and may be subject to interception or loss which is beyond the control of Maryland Jockey Club.  Also be advised that the security, integrity and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and Maryland Jockey Club on these websites cannot be guaranteed.
Confidentiality and Sharing of Information
We will keep your personal information and will not share, sell or rent such information to unaffiliated third parties, unless such disclosure is necessary to, (a) comply with a court order or other legal process, or (b) protect our rights or property.
Choice/Opt-Out
You are allowed at any time to opt out of our email list entirely, out of receiving all General Solicitations, or out of only receiving any third party General Solicitations by either clicking on the opt-out selection on any email we send or by sending an email to webmaster@marylandracing.com with the subject, “Opt Me Out”.  All such requests are honored promptly, usually within 24-48 hours.
Access to Information
If you desire access to your own personal information, to correct existing personal information or to remove your personal information, please contact us by writing to the following: Network Administrator, Maryland Jockey Club, Route 198 and Racetrack Road, Laurel, Maryland, 20724.  You may change your information at any time and as often as necessary.  If you request removal or deletion of your personal information, you acknowledge that residual information may continue to reside in our records and back-up files.
Contacting Us
If you have any question about this privacy statement, the practices of these websites or your dealings with these websites, you can contact us electronically at webmaster@marylandracing.com or by writing to:
Network AdministratorMaryland Jockey ClubRoute 198 and Racetrack RoadLaurel, Maryland, 20724
Privacy Policy Update
As of December 23, 2020, we will be updating our privacy policy. For more information, please see the updated Privacy Policy Here