http://www.druidsglen.ie/privacy.html
Scroll
MENU
Privacy
Updated version June 2018
DRUIDS GLEN PRIVACY STATEMENT
Druids Glen Hotel & Golf Resort take the privacy of our website users very seriously. We ask that you read this Privacy Statement carefully as it contains important information about how we use your personal data and the rights that you have in relation to it.
By using any of our products or services and/or by agreeing to this Statement, e.g. in the context of registering/booking for any of our products or services, you understand and acknowledge that we will collect and use your personal data as described in this Privacy Statement.
This Privacy Statement outlines how we protect and manage your personal data. Please also read our Cookies Policy, which explains how we use cookies.
We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of other website providers. Any external links to other websites are clearly identifiable as such.
WHO WE ARE
Throughout this Privacy Statement, “we”, “us”, “our” and “ours” refer to Druids Glen Hotel & Golf Resort and Neville Hotels Unlimited, with registered address at Druids Glen Resort, Newtownmountkennedy, Co. Wicklow, A63 DW08.
We fully respect your right to privacy. Any personal information, which you provide to us will be treated with the highest standards of security and confidentiality.
DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
1.              Personal Data
We will obtain various categories of personal data which you provide to us, such as:
Contact information, including: title, name, postal and email address and phone/mobile number;
Information about your preferences for your stay;
Transaction information, purchase history, including payment and booking details;
Meeting and event specifications (if you plan an event with us);
Business information from our corporate customers/members, including job title, employer details (company name and business postal address) as well as booking type preferences;
Guest feedback.
2.              Sensitive Personal Data
In general, we do not collect sensitive data (such as related to your health, racial or ethnic origin, sexual life, religious and political views) unless it is volunteered by you. We may use health related data provided by you to meet your particular needs during your stay (for example such as any mobility restrictions or specific meal preferences).
3.              Information From Online Activities
We may collect certain information about your internet activity, like your IP address or browser, and information about your computer’s operating system, application version, language settings and clickstream data which shows the traffic of your visit around this website (for example pages accessed and documents downloaded). If you are using a mobile device, we might also collect data that identifies your mobile device, device-specific settings and characteristics and latitude/longitude details.
This data will normally be collected and used anonymously, and aggregated for analysis, with your name and any characteristics identifying you remaining anonymous. We analyse this data to better understand how users interact with our websites, to enhance their experience, and to improve the functionality and quality of our services.
If you see our marketing ads on different websites this is because we may show adverts we think will be of interest to you based on your activity on our website such as visiting certain pages or special offers.
4.              Personal Information from Children
We do not administer bookings from children under 18 years old and we do not knowingly collect their personal data. As a parent or legal guardian, you should not allow your children to submit their personal information without your permission.
5.              Personal Data You Give Us About Others
In situations when you:
stay with other guests whose details you may provide as part of the reservation;
make a reservation on behalf of someone else;
purchase our gift vouchers with the delivery service to another recipient than related to you;
You should only provide us with information about other people if you have their permission to do so. It is your responsibility to ensure that the other person is aware that you have done so and that this individual has accepted that we may use their personal information as outlined in our Privacy Statement.
WHY WE COLLECT AND USE DATA ABOUT YOU
We collect and use your personal information for various purposes:
1.       To provide our products and services to you and perform our contract with you.
1.1.    Bookings
We use your personal data to operate and provide the search, booking, accounts, review, forums and other services, facilities and functions of our websites. This includes but is not limited to:
managing any accounts or registrations you may have and making changes to your settings and profile at your request;
to keep internal records and maintain archives as required;
to collect and make payments due and administer our accounts
If the required personal data is not provided, we will not be able to administer your booking. When you make a reservation with us, we will send you a booking confirmation by email. On occasion, we may get in touch with you by email or by phone with information related to your stay, meeting or event. This is to respond and handle requests you have made or to assist you and provide you with other relevant information.
1.2.    Online Services
As you make enquiries and engage with us, information is gathered about you. In order to assist and provide you with relevant information, we may process your personal information when you communicate with us using our website, contact us or enquiry form or externally via social media to question us or inform us of any requests or preferences you may have.
2.       To manage and develop our business through the following:
2.1.    Marketing activities
2.1.1. We may use your contact information to send you marketing communication (to which you have consented) about our products and services. You can unsubscribe/opt-out from marketing communication at any time by clicking the relevant link in the e-mail message or contacting us at reservations@druidsglenresort.com.
2.1.2. When you participate in our promotional activities (e.g. competitions during trade shows or on our social media channels), your contact information will be collected to administer these promotions. If you consent, we will use your contact information to send you regular news and offers related to our products and services. You will only be added to our marketing database with your prior marketing opt-in permission located on the form your contact details were collected. You can unsubscribe/opt-out from marketing communication at any time by clicking the relevant link in the e-mail message or contacting us at reservations@druidsglenresort.com.
2.1.3. We may use your contact information to invite you to write a guest review after your stay or participate in a market research, which may ask for information/opinion about the property, facilities, the surrounding areas, and the destination. If you do not want your name to show with your review, it can be displayed anonymously. By completing a guest review, you are agreeing that it can be displayed on, for example, our websites, in our social media accounts; to inform other travellers about the quality and services of the resort.
3.       To provide our products and services to you and perform our contract with you, we may collect data about you from other sources (third parties):
We may also collect some personal data about you from third parties. This may include information from your travel agent, online companies whose websites allow you to book various travel services (e.g. Booking.com, Expedia) and other partners. We may use this information for the purposes described in this Privacy Statement.
WHO WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION WITH
Our commitment is to protecting your privacy. We protect your information from unauthorised use or loss and will only transfer your data to third parties in order to fulfil your requirements, to improve our services or where we are required to do so by law. We may use a range of third parties to provide services (either directly or indirectly). Where relevant, these companies are required to comply with our data privacy and information security standards when handling personal data and we aim that they do not compromise your personal data and information.
1.              If our customer is a business or organisation, and we are holding your personal data in your capacity as an associate of that business or organisation (including as agent, representative, contact, employee, officer, owner, partner, or director), then we may disclose to them that personal data. If our customer is making a booking or booking enquiry on your behalf, with your authority, then we may disclose to our customer your personal data as reasonably required in connection with such booking or enquiry, or the subsequent performance of or payment for any booking made.
2.              Where we use third parties to host, provide, operate or supply any part of our websites, databases, systems, business, or services, or carry out on our behalf any of our business functions or actions (including sending mail, processing payments, providing marketing assistance, customer and advertising analysis), then we may provide your personal data to them as required as part of those purposes.
3.              We may supply personal data to a government authority or regulator where required to comply with a legal requirement, for the administration of justice, for the purposes of customs, visas and immigration, or where reasonably required to protect your vital interests or enforce any booking or other contract. We may share your personal data and information if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is authorised by law or is necessary to protect your personal safety.
SECURITY
We take security responsibilities seriously and make every effort to employ the most appropriate physical and technical measures to ensure the security of your personal data (including through staff training and awareness) and we review these measures regularly.
1.              We use Secured Socket Layer (“SSL”) software in order to encrypt the personal information that you provide to us whilst it is in transit over the internet. The personal information we collect from you online is stored by us and/or our service providers on databases protected through a combination of physical and electronic access controls, firewall technology and other reasonable security measures.
2.              For your own privacy protection, we encourage you to maintain anti-virus and other malware protection software on your computers and other devices, and to maintain your own measures to protect your personal data. Please do not include sensitive personal data in any e-mails you may send to us, including payment card information. We also encourage you to be careful about who you give personal data to. We never contact you to ask you for sensitive personal data, such as payment card information, or sensitive personal data such as passport numbers or log-in details, and we will only ask you for such information in person or through our website, or by telephone in connection with a booking you are making or have made. Please let us know if someone purports to contact you in our name.
RETENTION PROCEDURES
We will keep your personal data for as long as it is necessary to provide our services to you, and if longer, for any duration required by law, and for statutory claims limitation periods where your personal data may be relevant to any possible liability we may have. This is to comply with applicable laws, resolve disputes with any parties and otherwise as necessary to allow us to conduct our business, including to detect and prevent fraud or other illegal activities.
YOUR INDIVIDUAL RIGHTS
1.              The right of access to your personal data
If you have given your personal data and information to us, you have the right to ask us to advise you of the scope of information we process about you, the purpose and nature of the processing, and information on who we share it with.
2.              The right to rectification
You can also request to update, correct your personal information. We strive to retain only data that is accurate, complete and up to date.
3.              The right to erasure
You can also request to delete your personal data at any time. However, we may need to retain certain information for legal or administrative purposes, such as record keeping or to detect fraudulent activities. As mentioned above you can opt out of marketing communication at any time.
4.              The right to object to processing
You have the right to object to processing your data for our legitimate business interests. Where we are using your personal data on the basis of your consent, you are entitled to withdraw that consent at any time subject to applicable law.
5.              The right to data portability
You have the right to data portability which allows you to obtain and reuse your personal data for your own purposes across different services. This right applies where your personal information is being processed based on consent or for a performance of a contract and the processing is carried out by automated means (excluding paper files). The right also permits the transfer of data directly to another provider where technically feasible. Therefore, depending on the technology involved, we may not be able to receive personal data transferred to us and we will not be responsible for the accuracy of same.
6.              The right to complain
If you are concerned about potential violation of your privacy rights, please advise us of your concerns and we will strive to resolve them as soon as practically possible. Should you wish to seek assistance from a government regulator, you have the right to complain to the Data Protection Commissioner or another supervisory authority. For further information please click here.
EXCERCISING YOUR RIGHTS
If you wish to exercise any of your data subject rights, you should:
put your request in writing;
include proof of your identity and address (e.g. a copy of your driving licence or passport, and a recent utility or credit card bill);
specify the personal data your request refers to, including any account or reference numbers where applicable.
CONTACT DETAILS
We welcome your feedback and questions. If you wish to contact us, please do so at the following:
Email: reservations@druidsglenresort.com
Phone: +353 1 287 0800
Postal Address: Druids Glen Resort, Newtownmountkennedy, Co. Wicklow, A63 DW08
Gallery
View All
Home
Offers
Christmas
Christmas Residential Packages
Families
Family Attractions
Accommodation
Deluxe Guestroom
Family Guestroom
Superior Guestroom
Executive Suite
Presidential Suite
Dining
Hugo's Restaurant
Garden Rooms and Bar
Afternoon Tea
Private Dining
Fairways
Woodstock House
Dining Menus
Group Enquiry
Meetings & Events
Event Testimonials
Golf
Spa
Book a Spa Treatment
Spa Treatment Offers
Complete Wellness with Sinéad de hÓra
Day Spa Packages
Spa Etiquette & Opening Hours
Spa Reviews
Health Club
Weddings
Wedding Package
Civil Ceremonies
Pre and Post Wedding Day Celebrations
Questions & Answers
Testimonials
Wedding Enquiry
Gift Vouchers
Attractions
Location
Directions
Contact Us
Frequently Asked Questions
Careers
Gallery
Book a Tee Time
Internet Tee Reservation System allows our Members and Golf Event Organisers to book tee times through our website 24/7.
Visitors Online Booking
Druids Glen If you are a visitor and would like to book a tee time through our web site, click here.
Druids Heath If you are a visitor and would like to book a tee time through our web site, click here.
Open Days / Competitions If you are a visitor and would like to book a tee time for one of our Open Competitions, click here.
Member Online Booking
If you are a member and would like to book a tee time through our web site, click here.
Book Your Stay
Check in
11
12
2020
Search
Why Book With Us?
Why Book With Us?
FREE breakfast
When you book direct
Best rate guaranteed
You won't find a better deal anywhere else!
Free cancellation
up to 72 hours before arrival, except Advance Purchase
Book Now, Pay Later
except Advance Purchase
Safety Charter Approved
New Cleanliness Standards
Book Your Stay
Why Book With Us?
FREE breakfast
When you book direct
Best rate guaranteed
You won't find a better deal anywhere else!
Free cancellation
up to 72 hours before arrival, except Advance Purchase
Book Now, Pay Later
except Advance Purchase
Safety Charter Approved
New Cleanliness Standards
Newsletter Sign Up
Book a Table
Afternoon Tea
Druids Glen Dining