http://www.grousemountain.com/privacy
Your Privacy
Our Privacy Policy
The Grouse Mountain Website (the “Website”) is owned by GM Resort  Limited Partnership ("Grouse Mountain"). We recognize that many of our website visitors are concerned about the information they provide to us, and how we treat that information. We also recognize our obligation to our customers and online visitors to adhere to the highest standards of decency, fairness, and integrity in all our operations. As such, we have developed this Privacy Policy to address those concerns. We may update this Policy from time to time, so please check back occasionally to review it.
What This Policy Covers
This Policy applies only to personally identifiable information collected on this Website or other websites where this Policy is posted and does not apply to any other information collected by Grouse Mountain, or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates.
Information We Collect and What We Do With It
This Website uses two methods for the collection of personally identifiable information: The first is through our email newsletter registration process where you voluntarily provide us with information; the second is collected through technology.Information You Give UsIn order for you to register as a user of the Grouse Mountain website or to use the website's interactive features, you may be asked to provide us with information such as your name, address, telephone number, birth date, gender and your email address. This information is used for Grouse Mountain to administer your customer profile, to ensure registrations are legitimate and to establish and maintain a responsible commercial relationship with you. We also use this information to both tailor the information on this site to the site users, as well as to provide appropriate information to you as you request. Providing personally identifiable information is not a requirement for use of the Website, but may be required for use of advanced features such as purchasing tickets and passes, registering for email newsletter updates, submitting photos to our photo galleries, or requesting additional information via web form.Information We Collect Through TechnologyEach time you visit the Website other information about you may be collected by us such as the frequency and duration of your use of this Website and your use of links provided on this Website.
Grouse Mountain also uses cookie technology to obtain non-personal information from our visitors. Cookies are information files that your web browser places on your computer when you visit a website. Most browsers accept cookies automatically, but can be configured not to accept them or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Cookies allow us to customize your user interface to speed up the navigation process and to make the website experience more efficient. If your browser is configured to reject cookies, you may not be able to use some of the features of this Website.
Sponsors, Partners and Other Links
This Website contains links to other websites. We make every effort to only link to websites that share our high standards of decency, fairness, and integrity. We try our best to ensure that these links are safe for everyone, but the privacy and data collection practices on any linked website are entirely separate from Grouse Mountain and are not covered by this Policy. Other websites may also link to this Website without our knowledge or consent. Grouse Mountain has no responsibility for the content, policies or actions of these websites.
Security
Grouse Mountain has taken steps to make all information received from our online visitors as secure as possible against unauthorized access and use. Personal information provided by visitors is kept in Grouse Mountain's secure database. However, please keep in mind that no data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure and any information disclosed online can potentially be collected and used by parties other than the intended recipient.
Access to Your Personal Information
Should you have any questions about your personal information we have previously collected, please contact us by email to guestservices@grousemountain.com. You may also write to us:
Grouse Mountain Resorts, 6400 Nancy Greene Way
North Vancouver, BC V7R 4K9 Any personal information you provide in communication with us via either email or mail will not be used to send you promotional material unless you so request.
Changes and Updates to this Policy
This Website and its contents and features may be updated, revised, modified and supplemented from time to time. Grouse Mountain reserves the right to change the information, features, products, policies, promotions, disclosures, and disclaimers at any time. As changes to this Policy will be posted on this Website , please check back periodically to review the changes. Your continued use of this Website following the posting of changes to this Policy confirms your acceptance of those changes.
Announcements
We are happy to safely welcome you back to the slopes this season!  Check out our Activities and Attractions page for terrain information. Advance Skyride reservations are required to access the Mountain, and face coverings are mandatory. Learn more about our PureClean health and safety protocols.
Announcements
Close
Session Timed Out
Oops, time is up.
When a product has limited spaces, the time limit helps ensure that inventory is made available to those interested in completing a purchase.
What now?
Why not
return to the store
to try again, or learn about other
happenings on the Mountain.