http://www.halhigdon.com/privacy-policy
Transparency is important to us. View our Privacy Policy.
Facebook
Twitter
Home
App
Training Programs
All Training Programs
Marathon Training
Half Marathon Training
5K Training
8K Training
10K Training
15K & 10 mile Training
Post Marathon Training
Base Training
More Training
Books
About Hal
Privacy Policy
Updated on May 24, 2018
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for halhigdon.com, the data collector. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. You will be notified at any point at which there are changes to this privacy policy. It will notify you of the following:
- What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
- What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
- The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
- How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
1. Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
HalHigdon.com does not currently collect, record and analyze information of visitors to halhigdon.com through the use of first- or third-party cookies. We only collect personal data in the form of an email address that you volunteer to us in the form in the footer of our website, through the MailChimp (mailchimp.com), the data processor. We do not collect any additional personally identifiable information.
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
1a. Purpose of processing personal data
Halhigdon.com uses the collected data to communicate with visitors about promotions, products, and services. We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization.
1b. Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of information sent by a website to a visitor’s hard disk. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Our website does not actively employ any first- or third-party cookies, but reserves the right to do so in the future, to benefit the consumer by improving and personalizing the user experience. If halhigdon.com chooses to employ cookies in the future, we will provide notice to the consumer and ask for affirmative consent prior to cookie placement.
1c. Links to other sites
Please be aware that while visiting our site, visitors can follow links to other sites (namely TrainingPeaks.com) and applications that are beyond our sphere of influence. Halhigdon.com is not responsible for the content or privacy policy of these other sites.
2. Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via our email address: info@halhigdon.com.
- See what personal data we have about you, if any.
- Have us delete any personal data we have about you.
- Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
3. Security
We take precautions to protect your information. We do not collect any sensitive personal data, such as credit card information, on halhigdon.com. We also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, opted-in email communications or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information.
4. Inquires About These Conditions
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via email at info@halhigdon.com.
STAY IN TOUCH
Subscribe to our mailing list for advice from Hal, training tips, and updates on our programs and apps. By submitting your email address, you are consenting to receive communications from halhigdon.com. You may opt out at any time.
Run Like Hal Whether pursuing general fitness, training for your first race, or trying to hit your next personal best, HalHigdon.com connects millions of runners to Hal’s books, training programs, and apps each year.
Training Programs
Marathon Training
Half Marathon Training
5K Training
8K Training
10K Training
15K & 10 Mile Training
Post Marathon Recovery
Base Training
More Training
Useful Links
About Hal
Apps
Books
Privacy Policy
Our New Site
Contact Info
@HalHigdon
info@halhigdon.com
TrainingPeaks Help Center
All contents © Hal Higdon, LLC 2020. All rights reserved.
Digital Momentum
Website powered by Digital Momentum
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.