http://www.tsk.com/privacy-california/
Important Safety Guidelines As We Reopen ->
800-867-1218
Find a Location
Hit enter to search or ESC to close
Your California Privacy Rights
Last Updated: April 18, 2020
If you are a California resident, the following additional rights may be available to you.
California residents may request information regarding TSMA’s disclosure of personal information (such as your name and contact information) to third parties who wish to contact you or send you promotional information about their products and services directly (as compared to when the third party is acting on our behalf or you have provided your personal information as part of a co-promotion by TSMA and the third party). If you are a California resident and would like to request a copy of information regarding our disclosure to third parties for their direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year, please send us a letter at:
Tiger Schulmann’s Martial Arts
11555 Heron Bay Blvd.
Suite 200
Coral Springs, FL 33076
info@tsk.com
Attn: Legal Department
If you are a California resident under the age of 18 and a registered user of the TSMA services, you may request and obtain removal of content or information you have publicly posted on the Services. To make this request, please email us at info@tsk.com and include a detailed description of the specific content or information you would like to remove. Please note that this removal does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information posted on the TSMA services by you as there may be circumstances in which the law does not require or allow removal.
Beginning January 1, 2020, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) provides California residents with additional rights as described below. Please note your right to know and right to delete are subject to certain exceptions under the CCPA.
Disclosures About Your Personal Information. We collect the following categories of personal information, as defined in the CCPA, from or about you and may have disclosed this information for a business purpose:
Identifiers, such as your name, IP address, email, and other similar identifiers;
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records provision, such as payment information;
Characteristics about you, such as age and gender;
Commercial information, such as the TSMA subscription(s) you purchase;
Internet or other electronic network activity information, such as your activity on the TSMA Site;
Audio, electronic, visual, or other similar information; and
Inferenced-based on the information we collect from or about you which we use to better understand your preferences and behavior, including advertising for you.
Our Privacy Policy includes additional information about our data practices. You can learn more about the categories of personal information we collect from or about you and the categories of sources from which we collect this information in Section 3 (“Types of information we collect”), the business or commercial purposes for collecting this information in Section 4 (“How we use information we collect”), and the categories of third parties with whom we have shared personal information for a business purpose in Section 7 (“information we share”).
Right to Know. You have the right to request that we disclose to you the categories and specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you as well as information about how we collect, use, disclose, and “sell” personal information.
Right to Delete. You have the right to request the deletion of personal information that we collect or maintain about you and your account. Please note that requesting deletion will require the cancellation and deletion of your account which, upon completion, cannot be undone.
Right to Opt Out of “Sale.” TSMA may disclose certain information about you if you are a registered user of the Services for purposes that may be considered a “sale” under the CCPA. For example, we may disclose information to advertising partners, advertising technology companies, and companies that perform advertising-related services in order to provide you with more relevant advertising tailored to your interests on the Services. This information may include identifiers such as your IP address, advertising identifiers, your email address (in a de-identified or hashed form), age and gender, your internet or other electronic network information such as your interaction with an ad, and geolocation data. To learn more, including about your opt out choices, please click here.
How to Exercise Your CCPA Rights
We provide these rights, subject to a verifiable consumer request, to account holders regarding personal information collected by us in connection with your account. To submit a request to exercise these rights, send us an email at info@tsk.com. You will be required to verify your request via your TSMA account credentials and/or by other means. You can also call our toll-free number at 305-874-0002 to speak with one of our representatives.
If you are not a registered user of the TSMA services and do not have TSMA account credentials, please note we have limited information about you. You will be required to verify your request, including by providing your name and the email that you believe we have collected about you. Please click here to make a request.
You may designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf. Please click here to make a request as an authorized agent.
If you choose to exercise any of these rights, you will not receive different prices or quality of services unless permitted by applicable law, including if those differences are reasonably related to your information. For example, if you exercise your right to opt out of “sale,” the ads you view may not be as tailored to your interests. For questions or concerns about how to exercise these rights and choices, please visit our help center.
© 2020 Tiger Schulmann's Martial Arts.
Terms | Privacy| Privacy (California)
Kids Karate
Adult Kickboxing
Tiger Tales
About Us
Shop
Find a Location
If you provide a cell phone number and agree, you agree that Tiger Schulmann’s may contact you at this number, or another number that you later convert to a cell phone number, to service your account. By checking this box you also agree to receive calls and messages from automated dialing systems, and text messages at these numbers or at any other number you provide.
Close
X
Try a FREE Class
X
Try a FREE Class
X
Try a FREE Virtual Class
X