http://www.uswca.org/privacy-policy
Home
About
History of the USWCA
USWCA Bylaws
USWCA 75th Anniversary
USWCA 50th Anniversary
Volunteers/Responsibilites
Club Representatives
Committee Chairs
Representatives Liaisons
Member Clubs
Becoming a Member
Support the USWCA
Gifts and Grants
Brochure/WRep Sheet
Photo Gallery
The Sport of Curling
Curling Links
US Curling Competitive Calendar
USCA Hall of Fame
USWCA Past Presidents
Circuit Events
What is the USWCA Circuit Event?
Club Participation
Individual Participation
Participating Bonspiels
USWCA Circuit Results
USWCA Tours
Friendship Tour
2021 Friendship Tour
2018 Friendship Tour
2018 Senior Friendship Tour Daily Report
2015 Friendship Tour
2015 Friendship Daily Report
2012 Friendship Tour
2009 Friendship Tour
Scot Tour
2021 (2022) Tour
2016 Tour
2016 Scot Tour Daily Report
2011 Tour
Daily Report
Games of the Scot Tour 2011
Itinerary of Scot Tour 2011
2006 Tour
Bonspiels
5 Year and Under
All-American
Juniors
National Women's Bonspiel
National Women's Bonspiel 2021
National Women's Bonspiel 2020
National Women's Bonspiel 2019
National Women's Bonspiel 2018
Senior Women's Bonspiel
Senior Women's Bonspiel 2020
Senior Women's Bonspiel 2019
Senior Women's Bonspiel 2018
Senior Women's Bonspiel 2017
Members
Merchandise
Contact
Privacy policy
This is the privacy policy of USWCA. This document explains USWCA policies for the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information.
The Information We Collect
USWCA collects information by various methods including information actively provided by its lead providers, its customers, and information arising from customer surveys and general feedback.
The types of personal information we collect include name, contact information, identification information and credit information. Credit card information is used for billing purposes only. We may record calls to or from our sales/customer service representatives for purposes of accuracy, performance reviews, training, and general quality assurance.
How We Use This Information
This information is used to aid in the provision of our various products and services, including customer service, accounting, billing, collections, and the marketing of other products services. USWCA may use aggregate or anonymous information for various uses for itself and third parties.
USWCA does not share personal information with any third parties except as disclosed in this policy. USWCA may provide personal information to USWCA subcontractors and professional advisers (which shall be bound by privacy obligations) to assist USWCA uses disclosed herein.
Security
Personal information is stored in a combination of paper and electronic files. They are protected by security measures appropriate to the nature of the information.
Accessing Information
Individuals may review their personal information contained in USWCA files by contacting the USWCA privacy officer. If an individual believes that any of their personal information is inaccurate, we will make appropriate corrections.
Cookies
Cookies are used by USWCA for the convenience of our users. Cookies automatically authenticate the user. A user can access the USWCA Web site with the cookie feature turned off; however, in doing so they may find themselves challenged for username and password information on multiple occasions. USWCA also uses cookies to track user's visits and uses that information to improve the user's experience.
Links
The USWCA Web site may contain links to information at other Web sites. When you click on one of these links, you are moving to another Web site. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of these linked sites as their privacy policy may differ from ours.
General
USWCA may amend this policy from time to time. If such amendments affect how USWCA uses or discloses personal information already held by USWCA in a material way, USWCA will obtain consent.
Notwithstanding the general terms of this policy, the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information may be made outside of the terms herein to the extent provided for in any applicable privacy or other legislation in effect from time to time.
USWCA may disclose personal information to another entity purchasing (including for diligence purposes prior to purchase) the assets of USWCA, provided that entity abides by this or a similar privacy policy.
© United States Women's Curling Association  All rights reserved.
Privacy policy |
Site map |
Contact |
Share |
Bookmark |
Print