http://www.irishtimes.com/policy-and-terms/cookie-policy
Cookie policy
This cookie policy is effective as and from Sep 26th, 2019
To review or change your cookie consent choices, or for a full list of all the cookies in use on the website, along with purpose descriptions and additional information.
Manage my cookies
Introduction
We use cookies and similar technologies to personalise content, target and report on ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. This cookie policy is intended to inform you about the cookies we use and why we use them.  It also informs you how to change or restrict how cookies are used on your device.  This policy should be read in conjunction with our Privacy Policy, which explains how we use personal information. We value your opinions.  Should you have any questions or comments related to the way we use cookies please contact us at dataprotection@irishtimes.com.
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small piece of data sent by a website's server to the browser on your computer or mobile device. Cookies help us to recognise and remember your device when you visit our websites and enable us to retrieve among other things, your user settings and preferences.
Why do we use cookies?
We use cookies for a variety of legitimate business purposes including:
For the operation of our website and Services
To improve your user experience. By remembering your preferences and settings we can make it easier and faster to navigate through our website
To provide you with a more personalised experience, such as making content recommendations, personalising your visits and greeting you by name
To simplify any sign-in procedures
To log your use of our website and services so that we can understand which content you find useful or interesting.
To support our advertising services
To determine the effectiveness of promotional campaigns, email campaigns and advertising
To ensure content from our site and mobile applications is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your device.
To provide social media features such as liking and sharing our content and to facilitate registration using your social media account.
What type of cookies do we use and why do we use them?
We use different types of cookies to run our website and Services including:
Strictly necessary cookies
We use cookies that are strictly necessary for the operation of our website and Services.  Our website cannot function properly without these cookies.  If you disable all cookies it will affect your ability to use our Services.
Functional cookies
We use functional cookies to personalise and improve your experience by making it easier and faster to navigate through our website.  Functional cookies enable us to retrieve your user preferences, personalise your visits, greet you by name and to simplify any sign-in procedures. For example, our website may request that you log in to gain access to some of our content. If we did not use cookies, you would be required to enter your login details every time you visited our site or navigated to a new page because we would not be able to remember that you had already logged in.
Analytical cookies
Analytical cookies help us to understand how visitors gain access to or read our content and interact with our Services. We collect statistical information about our visitors, such as whether they have visited the site before and the pages they view.  We use these cookies to determine the kind of content and services our visitors value most, which in turn helps us to improve our website and its content. By understanding which content you find useful or interesting, we can recommend more content that you might like, as well as continuing to produce the most valuable content to meet your needs. Analytical cookies are set by irishtimes.com and third parties, including Comscore and Google Analytics.
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites, please visit  https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. On this website you’ll find information about a browser plug-in that can be installed to prevent your data from being used by Google Analytics.
Advertising cookies
To help fund the content, products and services we provide, third-party vendors, including Google, display advertising on our Services.
Third-party vendors use cookies to:
Help show ads that are relevant to you based on inferred interests. This is often called online behavioural advertising (OBA)
Restrict the number of times you see the same ad (frequency capping)
Create a browsing profile that is used to deliver more relevant ads
Measure the effectiveness of the ads that are served
Detect fraudulent traffic
Any information which is transmitted to advertisers and advertising networks is non-personally identifiable. We do not have access to the information collected by third-party cookies nor do we control how they process this information.
To opt out from online behavioural advertising, please visit http://www.youronlinechoices.com/ie/your-ad-choices. On this website you'll find information about how behavioural advertising works, further information about cookies and the steps you can take to opt out of such targeting. By turning off ads personalisation, you will still see ads on our site, but they’ll be less targeted to you.
Third-party cookies
Some of the cookies set on our website are served by third parties and not directly related to The Irish Times or our partners.
If you are a member of a social media site and logged in, the interfaces configured on our Services allow the social media site to connect your site visit and browsing behaviour to the personal data held on your social media site. Third-party cookies are used to facilitate this.
When using our services we may embed content from third-parties. For example, we may embed video, audio, tweets and other content in our articles and pages.  These third parties may set their own cookies on your device. We do not control which cookies are set by third parties or how the cookie information is used. This cookie information can only be accessed by the third-party who set it.
These third parties have their own security, privacy and cookie policies. You are advised to review these separately. Learn more about third parties that may set cookies when you use this website.
Managing your cookie preferences
Cookies are meant to improve your user experience, but some users prefer to set restrictions on the types of cookies that can be stored on their device.
To review or change your cookie consent choices, or for a full list of all the cookies in use on the website, along with purpose descriptions and additional information.
Manage my cookies
Alternatively, by modifying your browser preferences, you have the choice to accept all cookies, to accept different types of cookies or to be notified when a cookie is set.  It is also possible to configure your browser from accepting cookies altogether by changing your browser’s cookie settings. The following links may be helpful.
Cookie settings in Chrome
Cookie settings in Firefox
Cookie settings in Internet Explorer
Cookie settings in Safari web and iOS
Please visit your browsers help page for more information. It is important to note it may affect your ability to use our services if you choose to restrict or disable cookies.
Updates to this policy
We may update our cookie policy to reflect any changes in technology or data protection legislation. Any updates or changes that may affect how we use cookies or how you as a user can manage cookies will appear on this page.  We will notify you by posting a notice on our websites and, where appropriate, sending you a notification.
Sign In
Sign In
Forgot Password?
Don't have an account?
Subscribe
Digital Subscriptions FAQs
Subscriber Only Articles
The ePaper
Subscriber Rewards
Subscriber Tour
Breaking news app
My Account
eBooks
Email Newsletters
Crossword Club
Newspaper Archive
Sign Out
SUBSCRIBE
Fri 11/12/2020
News
Coronavirus
Ireland
World
Politics
Crime & Law
Health
Education
Subscriber Only
ePaper
Brexit
Sport
Gaelic Games
Soccer
Rugby
Golf
Racing
Other Sports
Women in Sport
Comment
Business
Open for Business
The Economy
Your Money
Companies
Technology
Work
Commercial Property
Comment
Opinion
Editorials
Letters
Columnists
An Irishman's Diary
Opinion & Analysis
Martyn Turner
Life & Style
Food & Drink
Homes & Property
Health & Family
People
Travel
Motors
Fashion
Abroad
It's Christmas
Culture
Books
Film
Music
Stage
Art & Design
TV, Radio, Web
Tuarascáil
Heritage
More
You are what you read
eBooks
Offers
Jobs
Family Notices
Competitions
Video
Podcasts
Confronting Coronavirus
Inside Politics
The Women's Podcast
Inside Business
Added Time
World View
Back to Yours
The Irish Times Book Club
Executive Jobs
Crosswords
Newsletters
Notices
Forgot Password?
Sign In
Invalid email or password.
Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe
Digital Subscriptions FAQs
Frequently asked questions about your digital subscription
Subscriber Only Articles
Specially selected and available only to our subscribers
Subscriber Rewards
Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations
Subscriber Tour
Explore the features of your subscription
Crossword Club
Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords
Newspaper Archive
150 years of Irish Times journalism
My Account
Manage your account
eBooks
Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing
Email Newsletters
Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox
The ePaper
An exact digital replica of the printed paper
Breaking news app
Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go
Sign Out