http://www.hollywoodpark.com/site-terms
Privacy Policy
HomeRacing Info
Simulcast CalendarResultsSelectionsWagering Guide
How To WagerGlossaryNight SchoolVisit
Maps & DirectionsFacilitiesAbout
HistoryNews
HomeRacing InfoSimulcast CalendarResultsSelectionsWagering GuideHow To WagerGlossaryNight SchoolVisitMaps & DirectionsFacilitiesAboutHistoryNews
Privacy Policy
Effective February 10, 2007
This privacy policy explains Hollywood Park’s privacy practices for visitors to our Web site, mailing list and our VIP members. It is effective February 10, 2007 except where specified otherwise below.We respect your right to privacy. Your ability to make informed choices about the uses of your information is important to us. This Privacy Policy explains our policy regarding the collection, use, disclosure and protection of personal information provided to us. The terms of this Privacy Policy apply to information collected from you, unless different terms are specified as part of a special offer, or in another form or contract we provide to you and you consent to those terms by participating in such special offer or program or otherwise.
What is personal information?
Personal information is information that identifies an individual or is directly associated with a specific person or entity. Examples are a customer’s name, address, telephone number, email address, driver’s license, admission information, wagering information or information about activities that can be directly linked to that person, such as purchases that he or she may make. For purposes of this policy, personal information does not include data that we may collect about a group or category of our products, services or customers from which specific customer identities have been removed. Information that is aggregated in this way may enable us to take information about how you may use a service and combine that with information about how others use the same service, but with no personal information included in the resulting data. Such aggregated data can help us understand the trends and needs of our customers so that we can better consider new services and tailor those we have to better meet our customers’ desires.
How and what personal information is collected?
We may collect personal information when you enroll in the Gold Club by asking you to provide information such as your name, address or e-mail address on a Web form or during an application process on track. We also collect personal information from you if you request to be added to our mailing list or enter in contests or other promotions. Admission information is collected each time a member scans their VIP card for a qualified admission. Admission information includes: date and time that the qualified admission is earned. Wagering information is collected each time a member places a wager using a membership card. Wagering information includes: date the wager was placed, facility where the wager is placed, track name on which the wager was placed, device the player used to place the wager (teller or self-service), and total number points earned for win, place, show and exotic wagers.
Cookies
When you visit hollywoodpark.com some of our web pages use “cookies.” Cookies are text files we place in your computer’s browser to store your preferences. Cookies, by themselves, do not tell us your email address or other personally identifiable information unless you choose to provide this information to us by, for example, registering at our site. However, once you choose to furnish the site with personally identifiable information, this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie. We use cookies to understand site usage and to improve the content and offerings on our site. For example, we may use cookies to personalize your experience at our web pages (e.g. to recognize you by name when you return to our site), or to save your password in password-protected areas. We also may use cookies to offer you products or services.
How do we use the personal information we collect from you?
The personal information we collect is generally used to provide you with information pertaining to horse racing and horse racing promotions and/or opportunities that might be of interest to you. If you prefer not to receive information from Hollywood Park OTB, you can use the unsubscribe feature on the emails you may receive, This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it., visiting a customer service booth on track or writing to: Hollywood Park OTB, 1050 S Prairie Ave, Inglewood A 90301.
Do we share your personal information?
Betfair Hollywood Park maintains member information exclusively for its use. We are not responsible for any information you may provided directly to any third parties which have links on the betfairhollywoodpark.com website. We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of Web sites to which we link. We encourage you to learn about their privacy and security practices and policies before providing them with personal information.From time to time we offer special products and services to our customers that are provided by third parties. These offerings may consist of things like consumer services relating to the horse racing industry. We may share your name, postal address, and email address with these third parties in order to notify you of their offerings. If you prefer that we not share such information about you with third parties, you can let us know as described below in the section about what to do if you do not want your personal information shared.However, if you apply for or request certain products, offerings or services, information that you provide will be shared directly with the third parties who will be providing the requested products, offerings or services. The third parties with whom we do business are required to agree not to use the personal information about you that we share with them for any purpose other than providing the requested product or services.We may disclose personal information in the good faith belief that we are lawfully required to do so, or that doing so is in response to a subpoena or other legal process or order of any governmental authorities, or as legally permitted to respond to any claims, or to protect the rights of Gold Club, our customers, employees or the public.
What do we do to protect personal information?
We have put into place various security measures in an effort to protect personal information from loss, misuse or alteration while it is under our control. Personal information we collect is stored electronically and may be combined with other information you give us.
What if you do not want your personal information shared as described above?
We recognize that you may wish to choose not to have your personal information shared in the manner described above. If that is the case, we give you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving certain information or to request that certain information not be shared . You may notify Betfair Hollywood Park by This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. or by writing to: Betfair Hollywood Park Marketing Department, 1050 S Prairie Ave, Inglewood CA 90301.. Such notification will not preclude the Gold Club from sharing such information pursuant to subpoenas or other legal process or orders of governmental authorities.
What if you want to update, review or correct personal information?
You may notify Betfair Hollywood Park This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it., visiting a customer service booth on track or by writing to: Betfair Hollywood Park Marketing Department, 1050 S Prairie Ave, Inglewood CA 90301.
How will we notify you if we change our Privacy Policy?
We reserve the right to change this privacy statement at any time. We will alert you to the fact that changes may have been made by indicating at the top of the Privacy Policy the date that it was last updated. We encourage you to review our Privacy Policy to make sure you understand how information you provide will be used.
What to do if you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy?
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or would like to contact us for any reason, you can do so This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it., visiting a customer service booth on track or by writing to: Hollywood Park OTB, 1050 S Prairie Ave, Inglewood CA 90301.
SIMULCAST
WAGERING Hours & Admission
HOLLYWOOD PARK OTB  Temporarily Closed. We Look Forward to Welcoming Everyone Back Soon  Bookmark update: If you have previously bookmarked this website our url has changed. Please delete your old bookmark and make a new bookmark with the updated website url.
Directions
3883 W. Century Blvd. | Inglewood, CA 90303
Copyright © 2020 Hollywood Park.
Produced by XO Pandora
Responsible GamingPrivacy Policy
Desktop Version