https://www.rideawaybicycles.com/articles/your-privacy-pg10.htm
Skip to main content
Menu
x
Stores
Stores
About
Store Locations & Hours
Team Ride Away
Tour Our 1604 @ Culebra Store
Join Our Team
Policies & Shipping
Your Privacy
Shop
Full Catalog
Bikes
Parts
Wheels
Women's Specific Design
Kid's Corner
Buyers Guides
Bike Brands
Bianchi Bicycles!
Electra Bicycles!
Service
We're Service Pros!
Bicycle Service & Repair Chart
Bicycle Tools List
Ride
Rides and Events
Ride your bicycle in and around San Antonio!
Join Us on Strava
San Antonio Bike Rides
RentaBike Now!
Trail Maps
Leon Creek Greenway
Salado Creek, Huebner to Blanco Road
Salado Creek, Loop 410 to Eisenhauer Road
McAllister Park to Loop 410 Segment
McAllister Park Map
Rocky Hill Ranch
Flat Creek Crossing Race Loop
Flat Rock Ranch, near Comfort, TX
Madrone Trail
Spider Mountain Bike Park
Road routes
Mission Trail
Helotes Loop (about 27 miles)
scenic loop rd (32m)
Mike's somerset ride 22 miles
Charity Rides
Bike MS
Fiesta Wildflower Ride
LBJ 100
CF Cycle For Life
Tour De Castroville
Community
Bike Texas
San Antonio Bikes
South Texas Offroad Mountain-Bikers
Thank you for reviewing our policies regarding your privacy rights and Ride Away's policies.
Your Privacy
Thank you for reviewing our policies regarding any personal information you may choose to provide at our website. We take your privacy very seriously and carefully protect any and all information entrusted to us. We only collect information that helps us serve you better and that you voluntarily provide. We do not share your information with anyone else unless you've approved of such sharing in advance.
What Information We Collect
The following types of information may be collected at this website(if you volunteer it):
Your e-mail address
Your first and last name
Your street address, city, state and ZIP Code
Pertinent information specific to an event or activity (where relevant)
More About E-Mail & Postal Addresses
If you supply us with your e-mail and/or postal addresses, and do not specify otherwise, you may receive periodic messages from us with information on new products, services or upcoming events.
If, later, you decide you no longer wish to receive such messages, you may let us know by sending an e-mail, calling or writing us. To ensure we correctly identify you (many names are similar), please be sure to include your complete name and address and all e-mail addresses that may be associated with your record. This helps us accurately locate your information in our file. Such information will only be used to comply with your request
If you would like to see your contact information we have on file, please stop in or let us know to what address you'd like us to send a copy.
Periodic Updates
Please check this page for periodic updates on our policies regarding any personal information you've provided to us via our website. Thank you for visiting us online. We appreciate the opportunity to serve you.