https://www.affl.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
LAST UPDATED: December 13, 2018
AFFL LLC (“American Flag Football League,” “AFFL,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) owns and operates https://www.affl.com and related applications, portals, and platforms (our “Sites”) and provide products and services to flag football players, coaches, and fans (together with our Site, the “Services”). PLEASE READ OUR TERMS OF SERVICE FOR DETAILED INFORMATION ABOUT OUR SERVICES AND YOUR LEGAL OBLIGATIONS.
This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) is intended to provide information on how we collect, process, and share your personal data. Personal data – or personal information – is any information that relates to you – an identified or identifiable natural person. When we use the terms “you” or “your” in this Policy, we are referring to individuals who visit our Sites, sign up to join a team, register an account, or use our Services in any other way.
After reading this Policy, if you have additional questions or would like further information, please contact us at contact@affl.com.
The Information We Collect About You
We collect information about you directly from you and others, as well as automatically through your use of our Sites.
Information We Collect Directly From You. The type of personal information we collect depends on how you use our Services.
If you register for or join a team, we collect and process your name, email, phone, city, state, country, football position and experience, various strength, speed, and agility metrics, past teams and schools, height, weight, date of birth, social security/national ID, current job, highlight video, photo, and social media handles.
If you sign up for our mailing list, we collect your name and email address.
If you make a purchase, we collect your name, address, contact information (such as email address and phone number), and your payment and shipping information.
If you choose to share content on the Sites, we will collect your name, email address, and the content you choose to share, such as pictures, videos, and comments. Please be aware that any information and content that you post to our Sites may be viewed by other users and the public at large. Be cautious about what you share on our Sites.
We also will collect other information that you provide directly to us, such as when you contact us for customer service or other purposes.
Please do not provide any highly sensitive personal data when using the Services – such as racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, or data concerning a person’s sex life or sexual orientation. We do not intentionally process highly sensitive personal data and reserve the right to delete it from the Services.
Information We Collect from Other Users. Other users of our Services may share or post information about you on the Sites, such as photos or video of you. The user who posted the information about you controls that information, and you should contact the other user if you object to the sharing of your information. If you are unable to resolve your issue with the other user, please contact us at contact@affl.com; however, please note we do not have control over information that has been shared with third party social media or third party websites.
Information We Collect Automatically. We automatically collect the following information about your use of our Sites through cookies, web beacons, pixels, and other technologies: your domain name; your browser type and operating system; web pages you view; links you click; your IP address; the length of time you visit our Sites; and the referring URL, or the webpage that led you to our Sites. We may combine this information with other information that we have collected about you, including, where applicable, your personal information. Please see the section “Cookies and Other Tracking Mechanisms” below for more information.
How We Use Your Information
As further explained below, we collect and process your personal data only for lawful reasons, such as our legitimate business interests, your consent, or to fulfill our legal or contractual obligations. We use your personal information for the following purposes:
To provide our Services to you, to communicate with you about your use of our Services, to respond to your inquiries, to fulfill your orders, and for other customer service purposes.
To livestream and display games and events on the Internet and television networks.
To tailor the content and information that we may send or display to you, to offer location customization, and personalized help and instructions, and to otherwise personalize your experiences while using the Sites.
For marketing and promotional purposes (which you may opt out of by following the instructions in the “Marketing Communications Choices” section). For example, we and third parties that we share your information with may use your information, such as your email address, to send you news and newsletters, special offers and promotions, or otherwise contact you about products, events, or information that we think may interest you. We also may use the information that we learn about you to assist us in advertising our Services and events on third party websites.
To better understand how you access and use our Sites, both on an aggregated and individualized basis, in order to improve our Services, respond to your preferences, and for other research and analytical purposes.
To administer surveys and questionnaires.
To protect our own rights and interests, such as to resolve any disputes, enforce our Terms of Service, and to respond to legal process.
How We Share Your Information
We may share your information, including personal information, with the following types of third parties for the following purposes:
Other Users and the Public. Your information that you post to our publicly available Sites, such as your name, reviews, comments, photos, and videos will be available to, and searchable by, other users of the Services and the public at large. Use caution when posting any information to our Sites.
Affiliates and Investors. We may disclose the information we collect from you to our affiliates or subsidiaries, or potential or actual investors; however, if we do so, their use and disclosure of your personal information will be subject to this Policy.
Service Providers and Business Partners. We may disclose the information we collect from you to third party vendors, service providers, contractors, partners, or agents who perform functions on our behalf or help us provide, improve, and market the Services . For example, we may share your personal data with contracted league administrators, event co-sponsors, marketing and PR agencies, IT and security providers, email processors, payment processors.
Event co-sponsors and marketing partners may use your information for their own marketing purposes. If we jointly market products or services with third parties, we will share your information with those third parties, which also may choose to market to you for their own purposes (separate and apart from the joint marketing campaign). You may opt out of our marketing communications by following the instructions in the “Marketing Communications Choices” section.
We also may share your personal information as required by law, to investigate potential illegal activities or violations of our Terms of Service, to protect the security of our Services and customers, or as a result of a merger, acquisition, or assignment with a third party.
Our Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Mechanisms
We and our third party service providers use cookies, pixels and other tracking mechanisms to track information about your use of our Sites. We may combine this information with other personal information we collect from you (and our third party service providers may do so on our behalf).
Cookies. Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser for record-keeping purposes. Some cookies allow us to make it easier for you to navigate our Sites, while others are used to enable a faster log-in process or to allow us to track your activities at our Sites. There are two types of cookies: session and persistent cookies.
Session cookies exist only during an online session. They disappear from your computer when you close your browser or turn off your computer. We use session cookies to allow our systems to uniquely identify you during a session or while you are logged into the Site. This allows us to process your online transactions and requests and verify your identity, after you have logged in, as you move through our Site. Persistent cookies remain on your computer after you have closed your browser or turned off your computer. We use persistent cookies to track aggregate and statistical information about user activity.
Disabling Cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but if you prefer, you can edit your browser options to block them in the future. The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your computer from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. Visitors to our Sites who disable cookies will be able to browse certain areas of the Sites, but some features may not function. For more information, please see www.allaboutcookies.org/cookies.
Clear GIFs, pixel tags and other technologies. Clear GIFs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on your computer’s hard drive, clear GIFs are embedded invisibly on web pages. We may use clear GIFs (a.k.a. web beacons, web bugs or pixel tags), in connection with our Sites to, among other things, track the activities of Site visitors, help us manage content, compile statistics about Site usage, and for marketing and advertising purposes. We and our third party service providers also use clear GIFs in HTML e-mails to our customers, to help us track e-mail response rates, identify when our e-mails are viewed, and track whether our e-mails are forwarded.
Third Party Analytics. We use automated devices and applications, such as Google Analytics, to evaluate usage of our Sites. We also may use other analytic means to evaluate our Services. We use these tools to help us improve our Services, performance, and user experiences. These entities may use cookies and other tracking technologies to perform their services.
Do-Not-Track. Currently, our systems do not recognize browser “do-not-track” requests. You may, however, disable certain tracking as discussed in this section (e.g., by disabling cookies); you also may opt-out of targeted advertising by following the instructions in the Third Party Ad Network section.
Third-Party Ad Networks
We use third parties such as network advertisers to serve advertisements on third-party websites or other media (e.g., social networking platforms). This enables us and these third parties to target advertisements to you for products and services in which you might be interested. Third-party ad network providers, advertisers, sponsors and/or traffic measurement services may use cookies, JavaScript, web beacons (including clear GIFs), Flash LSOs and other tracking technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content to you. These third-party cookies and other technologies are governed by each third party’s specific privacy policy, not this one. We may provide these third-party advertisers with information about you, such as your web request, IP address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
Users in the United States may opt out of many third-party ad networks. For example, you may go to the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) Consumer Choice Page for information about opting out of interestbased advertising and their choices regarding having information used by DAA companies. You may also go to the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) Consumer Opt-Out Page for information about opting out of interest-based advertising and their choices regarding having information used by NAI members. If you are located in the European Union, click here to opt out.
Opting out from one or more companies listed on the above referenced pages will opt you out from those companies’ delivery of interest-based content or ads to you, but it does not mean you will no longer receive any advertising through our Sites or on other websites. You may continue to receive advertisements, for example, based on the particular website that you are viewing (i.e., contextually based ads). Also, if your browsers are configured to reject cookies when you opt out, your opt out may not be effective. Additional information is available on the DAA’s website at www.aboutads.info or the NAI’s website at www.networkadvertising.org.
International Transfers
The personal data we collect within your country may be transferred outside of your country to third parties for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, including the United States. As required by applicable law, we utilize appropriate safeguards approved by applicable data protection authorities, or obtain your explicit consent, when we transfer personal data across international borders. You may request information about how we protect your personal data when we transfer it across borders by contacting us at contact@affl.com.
Third-Party Links
Our Site may contain links to third-party websites. Any access to and use of such linked websites is not governed by this Policy, but instead is governed by the privacy policies of those third party websites. We are not responsible for the information practices of such third party websites.
Storage and Security of Your Personal Information
We store your personal data for as long as required to provide the Services to you. After the Services are complete, we will retain certain personal data for administrative, legal, and regulatory purposes, such as fraud monitoring, tax, accounting, and financial reporting obligations. Where we retain data, we do so in accordance with any limitation periods and records retention obligations that are imposed by applicable law.
We have implemented commercially reasonable precautions to protect the information we collect from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. Please be aware that despite our best efforts, no data security measures can guarantee security.
Marketing Communications Choices
We may send periodic promotional or informational emails to you. You may opt-out of our promotional communications by following the opt-out instructions contained in the email or contacting contact@affl.com Please note that it may take up to 10 business days for us to process opt-out requests. If you opt-out of receiving promotional emails about recommendations or other information we think may interest you, we may still send you e-mails about your account or any services you have requested or received from us.
Children Under 13
Our Site is not designed for children under 13. If we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we will delete such information from our systems.
Special Information for California Consumers
California residents may request a list of certain third parties to which we have disclosed personally identifiable information about you for their own direct marketing purposes. You may make one request per calendar year. In your request, please attest to the fact that you are a California resident and provide a current California address for your response. You may request this information in writing by contacting us at: contact@affl.com. Please allow up to thirty (30) days for a response.
Your Rights and How to Contact Us
If you live in the European Union (“EU”), European Economic Area (“EEA”), United Kingdom (“UK”), or Switzerland, you have certain rights regarding your personal data, including:
You may request access to your personal data and obtain information about our processing of your personal data, with whom we share your personal data, and your rights.
You may request that we restrict our processing of your personal data.
You may object to our processing of your personal data.
Where we process personal data based on your consent, you may withdraw your consent.
You may correct personal data that is inaccurate and have incomplete personal data completed.
You may request that we delete your personal data or return or provide a copy of it to you.
We may request proof of your identity before acting upon any request. To submit a question or concern about this Policy or your rights, please contact us at contact@affl.com or AFFL Associates, LLC, 1350 Avenue of the Americas, Suite 2010, New York, NY 10019. If you live in the EU, EEA, UK, or Switzerland, and you are unsatisfied with our response, you have the right to lodge a complaint regarding your personal data with an applicable supervisory authority.
Changes to this Policy
This Policy is current as of the date set forth above. We may change this Policy from time to time, so please be sure to check back periodically. We will post any changes to this Policy on our Site. If we make any changes to this Policy that materially affect our practices with regard to the personal information we have previously collected from you, we will endeavor to provide you with notice in advance of such change by highlighting the change on our Site.
Subscribe
×
Email:
Thanks for subscribing!
Cancel
Subscribe
:
2020 AFFL Season Membership