https://www.rcrracing.com/privacy-policy/
Search
Childress Institute For Pediatric Trauma
ECR Engines
RCR Museum
Skip to content
BUY TICKETS
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy for RCRRacing.com, Store.RCRRacing.com and ECREngines.com
This Privacy Policy was last updated October 25, 2019.
The RCRRacing.com, Store, RCRRacing.com and ECREngines.com websites are operated by RCR Enterprises, LLC (“RCR”, “we”, “our” us”).  This Privacy Policy applies to RCRRacing.com, Store.RCRRacing.com, ECREngines.com and all other websites linking to this Privacy Policy (collectively, the “Site”).  This Privacy Policy applies to all information collected or submitted on the Site.
1.      Your Acceptance of this Privacy Policy/Changes to this Privacy Policy.  By using or accessing the Site, you signify your acceptance of our Privacy Policy.  If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use or access the Site.  We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions from this Privacy Policy at any time.  This Privacy Policy is subject to change without prior notice.  For that reason, we encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically and to make note of the date of the most recent revision.  Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to these terms means you accept these changes.
2.      Personal Information We Collect and How We Collect It.  “Personal information” is data that can be used to uniquely identify or contact a single person.  Generally, and as described in more detail below, the personal information we, or our service providers, collect includes name, address, email address, mailing address, billing address, and payment information, such as credit card number (Visa, MasterCard or American Express), expiration date and card security code, as well as your order history.  If you contact us on one of our webforms, then we will also collect any information that you choose to provide to us as part of your inquiry.
We (or our service providers) may collect information that you give us, including account information, billing information, and other information.  Account information includes the information you provide if you register with us, including name, email address and password.  Billing information includes information you provide if you place an order with us or make another financial transaction with us, including mailing address, billing address, and payment information.  Other information we collect may include your name and information you provide about our products or the Site, such as a product review.
Personal information may be collected when you register with the Site, provide customer feedback or reviews on one of our products, place an order on the Site or contact us via our webforms (such as https://www.ecrengines.com/contact-us/).  For example, when you place an order with us, we require you to provide certain information, including your name, email address, mailing address, billing address and payment information.  We may use links throughout the Site to provide you with the opportunity to contact us via email or phone to ask questions or to provide comments or suggestions.
By initiating any activity or transaction that uses billing information on the Site, you consent to providing your billing information to our service providers processing the transaction to the extent required to provide the services to you.  When you provide your billing information that information is transmitted directly from you to our payment processing company and it is not stored by us.
We may also collect certain information automatically, including traffic data through the use of general tracking information and click path tracking (cookie technology) described below.
Finally, we may collect information from you via other websites.  For example, when you interact with us through various social media, for example, by visiting our Facebook page, we may collect information including your email address, location and other biographical information.  The information we receive from your social network depends on your privacy settings.  You should always review, and, if you prefer, adjust your privacy settings on third-party websites and services before linking or connecting them to the Site.
3.      Traffic Data.  When you visit or interact with the Site, we, as well as our service providers, may use assorted technologies that automatically or passively collect information about how the Site is accessed and used.  We refer to this information as traffic data.  Traffic data may include the browser you used to visit the Site (such as Google Chrome or Firefox), operating system, the time you visited the Site, click-path taken through the Site, and which pages you visited throughout the Site.  Traffic data is generally non-identifying, but if we associate it with you as an identifiable person, we will treat this information as personal information.  Technologies we use on the Site to collect traffic data may include cookies (data files placed on your computer or other devices used to access the Site), mobile analytics software and pixel tags (transparent graphic image, sometimes called a web beacon or tracking beacon, placed on a web page or in an e-mail, which indicates that a page or email has been viewed).  We may use cookie technology during a session as a tool to carry forward your input information, such as products added to your shopping cart or products you add to a wishlist.  This enables the visitor to input their information once and have the information appear later.  A pixel tag may tell your browser to get content from another server.  We, or our vendors, may place cookies or similar files on your computer or other devices used to access the Site for security purposes, to facilitate Site navigation and to personalize your experience while visiting the Site.  Internal use of web beacons.  We may use web beacons internally to count visitors and recognize visitors through cookies.  Access to cookies helps us personalize your experience when you visit the Site.
To learn how you may be able to reduce the number of cookies you receive from us, or delete cookies that have already been installed in your browser’s cookie folder, please refer to your browser’s help menu or other instructions related to your browser.  If you do disable or opt out of receiving cookies, please be aware that some features and services on the Site may not work as intended and you may not have access to all of the services and features we may offer.
Adobe Analytics and Other Tracking Software.  We use Adobe Analytics to gather data on web users to all web addresses within the RCRRacing.com domain or the ECREngines.com domain, as applicable.
We use traffic data we gather to better understand how users find and use the Site and to better understand how content is viewed on the Site.
4.      How We Use Information We Collect.  We use personal information for a variety of purposes, including to respond to your requests, to process and confirm your orders, to run promotions (e.g., to notify you if you have been selected as a potential winner of a contest or sweepstakes), provide customer support, and send you emails or mailers about the Site, new products, special deals or other similar matters (such as newsletters), in accordance with your preferences (see “How to Access Your Information or Opt Out” section below), and to do all other things necessary to administer the Site and our services, and manage, protect and improve them.
We also use information we collect through the Site to learn more about how our visitors use the Site and to measure areas of interest.  This information allows us to build features and functionality that will enhance your experience.
5.      How We Share Information.  We share your information with service providers, contractors and sub-contractors to help us provide the Site, products, and services.  For example, we may use a service provider to provide analytics or use third-party software to manage our email distribution system, to deliver orders to you, and to process payment information.  When we use service providers we provide limited access to your information so that such service provider can perform the tasks on our behalf.
In the event that we are acquired by or merge with a third-party entity, or sell all or substantially all of our assets, we reserve the right, in any of these circumstances, to transfer or assign the information and content we have received and collected from visitors to the Site as part of such merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control.  We reserve the right to disclose any personal information as needed if that information is requested by law enforcement agencies or if we are required to do so by law, treaty, regulation, subpoena, court order, or by a government entity.  We also may disclose your personal information to third parties if we have reason to believe that disclosing such information is necessary to conduct investigations of possible breaches of law, to cooperate in any legal investigation, or to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be violating any agreement with us, including our Terms & Conditions.
6.      Do Not Track Requests; Third-Party Tracking.  Unless your browser settings are configured to make your online activities and publicly available information about your online activities (such as traffic data as described above) invisible to usage analytics tools, we do not presently have the capability to omit you from usage analytics to the extent your browser sends us a “do not track” message.  More information about “do not track” is available at www.allaboutdnt.org concerning such information.  Third parties, other than our service providers (such as our website analytics providers) do not have authorization from us to track which websites you visited prior to and after visiting the Site.  That said, we cannot control third-party tracking and there may be some third-party tracking that occurs without our knowledge or consent.
7.      Children.  The Site is not intended for use by children in the United States under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from such individuals. If we learn that we have collected the personal information of any such individual, we will take steps to delete the information as soon as possible.  Children under the age of majority in any jurisdiction outside of the United States should not provide any personal information without their parent’s consent.
8.      California Privacy Rights.  California law entitles residents to ask us for a notice describing what categories of personal information we share with third parties for their direct marketing purposes.  We do not provide any personal information to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes.  If you want to request a notice or have any questions about our privacy practices, please contact us via email at museumsales@rcrracing.com.  If we change this policy, we will update this provision and provide instructions on how you may make a request for details.  If any other state enacts a similar law as the California law, then this provision will also apply to such state.
9.      How You Can Access or Correct Your Information or Opt Out.  If you need to correct, update, delete or deactivate your personal information, please contact us via email at museumsales@rcrracing.com.  If you’ve subscribed and later change your mind, you may withdraw your consent simply by clicking the link to “unsubscribe.” You may choose to have your name taken off of our email list after you have registered or provided additional information by emailing us.  We may also ask you to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.  Your option not to receive promotional and marketing material will not preclude us from corresponding with you, by email or otherwise, regarding your existing or past business relationships with us, and will not preclude us from accessing and viewing your personal information in the course of maintaining and improving the Site and our services.
10.   Links to Third-Party Websites; Social Media Plug-Ins.  The Site may contain links to third-party websites that are not controlled by us (such as “Share” or “Like Page” on Facebook or “Tweet” on Twitter).  These links are made available to you as a convenience, and you agree to use these links at your own risk.  Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such third party websites.  Our Privacy Policy only applies to information we collect from you while you are on the Site.  If you navigate to a third-party website from the Site, we strongly encourage you to review and become familiar with that third party website’s own privacy policy and statements.  Use of third-party social networking websites, such as Twitter, Facebook and LinkedIn, are governed by the privacy policies and practices of those websites.
11.   Notice to Residents of Countries Outside the United States. We are based in the United States. Personal information may be accessed by us or transferred to us in the United States or to our affiliates, business partners, or service providers elsewhere in the world.  If you are located outside of the United States, be advised that any information you provide to us will be transferred to and stored in the United States and that, by submitting information to us, you explicitly authorize its transfer and storage within the United States.  We will protect the privacy and security of personal information according to this Privacy Policy regardless of where it is processed or stored.
12.   How to Contact Us.  Should you have other questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please contact us by emailing museumsales@rcrracing.com.