https://www.wasps.co.uk/cookie-policy/
Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy
Information and explanation on Internet Cookies
COOKIES EXPLAINED
If you use the internet, there’s a good chance you’ve heard of cookies. Also known as HTML cookies, tracking cookies or magic cookies, these tiny files are automatically downloaded by your computer when you’re browsing online.
Don’t worry - they’re perfectly safe. But we’d still like to take a moment to explain what cookies do, which ones we use and how to block them - if you really want to. By continuing to browse wasps.co.uk , you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
Let’s start at the beginning.
WHAT ARE COOKIES?
Cookies are very small text and numerical files that are stored to your browser or computer hard drive when you browse websites like wasps.co.uk if you agree.
Most websites use cookies in some form or another. While you’re busy browsing, they work quietly behind the scenes – saving important information that makes viewing web pages easier for you.
For example, one cookie remembers the order in which you’ve viewed web pages. That way, when you hit the ‘Back’ button in your browser, it will flick through them in the right order.
Cookies also send useful information to us – such as which pages on Wasps Rugby website you’ve visited, which you’ve spent the most time on and what time of day you visited. All of this helps us to improve wasps.co.uk for the next time you visit.
Cookies are safe and the information they collect is completely anonymous.
WHICH COOKIES DOES WASPS.CO.UK USE?
Analytics Cookies
These cookies allow us to recognise and count our visitors and to see how visitors move around the website. This helps us to improve the way the website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily. These cookies help us measure and improve site performance using a service provided by Google Analytics.
If you have opted to allow additional cookies we use Google Analytics’ 3rd-party audience data such as, but not limited to, age, gender and interests to better understanding the behaviour of our customers to help us develop an even better website.
Cookie Name: __utma
Default Expiration Time: 2 years from set/update
Description: Used to distinguish users and sessions. The cookie is created when you access the website for the first time and no such cookies already exists. The cookie is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.
Cookie Name: __utmz
Default Expiration Time: 6 months from set/update
Description: Stores the traffic source or campaign that explains how the user reached your site. The cookie is created every time you access the website and no such cookies already exists. The cookie is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.
Cookie Name: __unam & __sharethis_cookie_test__
Default Expiration Time: 9 months from set/update
Description: The “__unam” cookie is set as part of the ShareThis service and monitors “click-stream” activity, e.g. web pages viewed, navigation from page to page, time spent on each page etc. The ShareThis service only personally identifies you if you have separately signed up with ShareThis for a ShareThis account and given them your consent. See the ShareThis privacy policy for more information.
Cookie Name: _ga
Default Expiration Time: 12 months from set/update
Description:  A random unique number or string of letters and numbers to identify your browser, the times and dates that you interacted with the site recently and the marketing materials or referring pages that led you to the site.
Cookie Name: _gid
Default Expiration Time: 1 day from set/update
Description:  This helps us count how many people visit our websites by tracking if you’ve visited before
Cookie Name: cookieconsent_status
Default Expiration Time: 12 months from set/update
Descriptions: This cookie lets us know if you accepted the use of additional cookies to help us provide you with an even better experience. The cookie defaults to not giving consent. You can clear your cookies to revoke consent (please see our blocking cookies section below for more details).
In addition you agree that wasps.co.uk will share your aggregated and anonymised website analytics data with Premiership Rugby for the purpose of delivering league wide benchmarks and audience insights.
Third Party Cookies
These cookies include social media tools to enhance interaction (such as Facebook and Twitter). If you are signed up to these sites their cookies may be set through our website.
We currently use no Third Party Cookies on this site.
Functional Cookies
These cookies are essential to basic site functionality. They are anonymous and are automatically deleted when you close your browser.
Cookie Name: ASP.NET_SessionId
Default Expiration Time: End of session
Purpose: This cookie is temporary and is needed for the site to work. It ensures that you are recognised when you move from page to page within one site and that any information you have entered is remembered.
Cookie Name: .ASPXAUTH
Default Expiration Time: End of session
Purpose: This temporary cookie allows us to know when you have signed in to our site.
Cookie Name: X-Mapping-*
Default Expiration Time: End of session
Purpose: They ensure that you are recognised when you move from page to page within one site and that you are not sent to a different server within our web farm.
BLOCKING COOKIES
You can block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the placing on your computer of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including functional cookies) you may not be able to use all or parts of this website. Instructions on how to change your browser settings are available at the following links:
Internet Explorer
Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Safari
CHANGES TO OUR COOKIE POLICY
From time to time, it may be necessary for us to change this cookies policy; we suggest that you check here periodically for any changes.
FOR ANY FURTHER QUESTIONS
Please contact us at privacy@wasps.co.uk