https://www.tnse.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
LAST UPDATED: FEBRUARY 1, 2020
This Privacy Policy applies to True North Sports & Entertainment Limited and its affiliates, which includes but is not limited to, Winnipeg Jets Hockey Club Limited Partnership by its general partner Winnipeg Jets Hockey Club Inc., TN Hockey Limited Partnership by its general partner TN Hockey Inc., TN Arena Limited Partnership by its general partner TN Arena Inc, and TN Iceplex Limited Partnership by its general partner TN Iceplex Inc., collectively “True North.” True North values the privacy and personal information of its patrons, customers, and vendors. As part of our commitment to protecting your privacy, this policy outlines how True North collects, uses, discloses and manages your personal information.
True North uses information in operating our business, our websites, our mobile and other software applications, and any other online service that displays or provides an authorized link to this Privacy Policy (collectively, our “Services”).
PERSONAL INFORMATION
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, “Personal Information” means any information relating to an identifiable individual. Such information may include but is not limited to, your name, mailing address, e-mail address, phone number, date of birth, payment information, age, and/or gender. Personal information does not include the name, title or business address or telephone number of an employee of an organization. By using any of True North’s services and/or choosing to provide personal information to us, you signify your consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information as outlined in this Privacy Policy.
COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
True North may collect your Personal Information in a number of different ways:
Information You Provide Directly: True North collects any Personal Information you submit in relation to using our Services. For example, information is collected when you sign up for newsletters, request customer service or information, post comments or otherwise interact with us in relation to the Services. By providing any Personal Information required by any online form and by agreeing to its terms, you consent to receive communications from us related to our Services. Typically, we will seek your consent at the time your Personal Information is collected.
Surveys, Events, Contests, Sweepstakes, and Offers: True North collects Personal Information when you choose to participate in any survey, event, contest, sweepstake, or offer. Participation is voluntary. We use this information to contact you about the event, contest, sweepstake, or offer for which you sign up. If you do not provide all of the requested Personal Information, you will not be able to participate in the event, contest, sweepstake, or offer. True North may offer the survey, event, contest, sweepstake, or offer in coordination with one of our partners. In these circumstances, the submission form used to participate or sign up for those activities shall indicate the relevant partner organizations. This Privacy Policy will apply to our use of this information and we are not responsible for how our partners use the information collected from your submissions. True North encourages you to review the relevant partner’s privacy policy that applies to their data collection and use. Your submissions may result in you being added to our marketing lists as well as those of third parties associated with the survey, event, contest, sweepstake, or offer.
Information Collected through Apps: If you download and use any of True Norths’ mobile apps, True North or any third party service providers may collect certain information through that mobile app. Please note our mobile apps are developed and operated by a third party and more information about how any third party processes your Personal Information can be obtained via their respective privacy policies. These mobile apps may frame portions of our Services and you may provide information directly to us through each mobile app in those circumstances.
Automatically Collected Information: Our Services automatically collect certain Personal Information from you when you visit them. For example, our servers or networks may collect your device’s IP address and other device or network information. This collected information may be combined with information that you provide us with directly in order to personalize content and advertising based on your interest. Such collected information may include log information, device information, or location information.
Payment Information: True North and our service providers may collect your payment or banking information when you make a purchase using our Services and may use such information to complete transactions.
Tickets: True North will collect Personal Information, including relevant financial information, from you when you perform transactions such as purchasing tickets or subscribing to be a season seatholder or suiteholder. Such information is necessary to process any such purchases or administer such accounts.
True North limits the amount and type of Personal Information collected from you to the extent which is necessary for the purposes communicated to you.
USE OF COLLECTED INFORMATION
True North may use the collected and received Personal Information for the following purposes:
To complete your requests.
To provide customer service.
To improve our products and services.
To improve and personalize the content, marketing, and offers we provide to you.
To provide effective advertising and marketing.
To contact you about our products and services.
To manage your season, partial-season, or individual event seatholder or suiteholder account and process any purchases you have made with True North.
To provide information to strategic business partners to conduct market research, to administer promotions and contests conducted by us for which you have registered to participate, or to process customer/fan complaints/feedback.
To anonymize your Personal Information and use it for our analytics services.
True North may use the Personal Information we collect and receive for other purposes that may be described to you at the point of collection or for which you provide your consent to.
INFORMATION SHARING
True North may share information that we collect or receive with third parties when we have your consent or as described below.
True North may share information with the following types of third parties:
True North Affiliates. We may share information with current or future “affiliates”, a term that includes our parent and subsidiary companies, joint venture partners, registered charities operated by us or other companies we control, are controlled by, or with which we are under common control.
True North Service Providers. We may provide information about you to service providers that perform certain functions or services on our behalf. For example, hosting our Services, storing our data, fulfilling orders, providing products and services, performing analyses, administering our contests and sweepstakes, collecting location data, providing location-based services, processing credit card payments, providing customer service, or sending communications for us. These companies are contractually obligated to protect your information in a manner that is comparable to the way we protect your information and are only allowed to use it for the purpose it was collected.
Operational Partners. We partner with third parties to operate certain Services and may provide information about you to these operational partners. For example, True North partners with Ticketmaster and concert promoters to operate certain Services and live events conducted in our venues; therefore, we may share information about you with such third parties, their successors and permitted assigns, and their affiliates in connection with the operation and delivery of our Services and where it is otherwise permitted by applicable law. You should presume that these operational partners may use information about you for their own purposes and in accordance with their respective privacy policies.
Business Partners. With your consent, True North may share information about you with other select business partners, such as our sponsors, other retailers, and broadcast partners, so that they can provide you with special offers, promotional materials, and other materials that may be of interest to you. These business partners are expected to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and security of the information True North shares with them. However, True North is not responsible for the privacy practices of our business partners, which may use your information for their own purposes.
Leagues. True North may share information about you with the professional sports leagues to which our sports teams belong (“Leagues”). For example, the National Hockey League and the American Hockey League. The Leagues may use this information for purposes including providing you with special offers, promotional materials, and other information that may be relevant to you, improving their products and services, and performing an internal analysis. Where required by applicable law, True North will seek your consent before sharing your information with the Leagues for promotional purposes. Please note that League websites and services are not controlled by True North and are subject to their own individual privacy policies. True North is not responsible for the privacy practices of any such Leagues.
Legal Disclosures. True North or our service providers may disclose your information, including the contents of your communications, to other parties when required or permitted by applicable law, such as when we have reasonable grounds to believe that:
Doing so is necessary to respond to lawful governmental requests or legal process;
The information is relevant to a crime that has been or is being committed;
An emergency exists that poses a threat to your safety or the safety of another person or persons; or
Doing so is necessary to protect our rights or property.
Ownership Change. In the event that the ownership of True North, or any portion of our assets, changes as a result of a business transaction (i.e. a merger, acquisition, corporate reorganization or insolvency event), your information may be transferred to another entity. If such a transaction occurs, you will be notified that it has occurred in an update to this Privacy Policy or through other appropriate means.
Interactive Features. True North may share information with third parties when you post information to a public user profile or a public area of our Services. If you post information to these interactive features, it may be publicly available and you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties. True North cannot ensure that parties who have access to such information will respect your privacy. Please exercise caution when using these features and do not post sensitive personal information.
Games and Contests. True North may share information with third parties in connection with the administration or marketing of games or promotional contests which run on our Services. This may include, for example, names of the winners of a content or in connection with a game leaderboard.
Aggregated or Anonymized Information. True North may share other information with third parties in a manner that does not identify particular users.
True North will protect the Personal Information shared by contractual or other means, stipulating the purposes for which the information is to be used and the necessity to provide a comparable level of protection.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
True North’s offices are located in Canada, and regardless of where you use our Services or otherwise provide information to us, your information may be transferred to, maintained, and processed by True North, its affiliates, and our operational partners and service providers in Canada and the United States. Please note that Canadian and United States privacy laws, regulations, and standards may not be equivalent to the laws in your country of residence and such information may be subject to lawful access by the courts of the applicable jurisdiction, law enforcement, and governmental authorities. By using our Services or providing us with your information, you consent to this collection, transfer, storage, and processing of information to, in, and out of Canada and the United States.
COOKIES
When you visit True North websites, we may place a “cookie” on your computer. A cookie is a file written to your computer’s hard drive that can be used to track your Internet activity. Also, if you submit Personal Information to the website (such as your name, interest or preferences), we may use cookies to keep track of such information so that you will not need to re-enter this information during subsequent visits. We may use cookies to customize the delivery of the True North Services. True North may provide this information on an aggregated, anonymous basis to our marketing partners and/or advertisers. This aggregated information does not contain personally identifiable information. You may set your browser to refuse cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you choose to decline the cookie, parts of the website may not function properly.
DO NOT TRACK SIGNALS
Some web browsers may transmit “do not track” signals to the websites and other online services with which the browser communicates. There is no standard that governs what, if anything, websites and online services should do when such signals are received. True North does not currently take action in response to these signals. If a standard for responding is established, True North will update the Privacy Policy on responding to these signals.
THIRD PARTY LINKS
Please note that True North Services may contain links to other sites that we do not own or operate. True North is not responsible for these sites and such sites are subject to that website’s own terms and policies. These sites may or may not have their own published privacy policies. True North is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such third party websites and recommends that you review the privacy policy on each site to confirm that the site’s policies are acceptable to you.
CONSENT
When you consent to True North placing a cookie on your device, you are consenting to the collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy, subject to any collection, use, or disclosure from which you have opted out.
True North may expressly request your consent to certain collection, use or disclosure of your Personal Information or provide you with an opportunity to opt out of such practises.
SECURITY SAFEGUARDS
Only authorized employees and agents of True North who require access to your Personal Information in the course of their duties shall have access to the information. True North has established technical, contractual, administrative, and physical security steps to protect the Personal Information that you provide.
Please note that despite the security safeguards maintained by True North, no security program can ever be 100% secure. Consequently, we are unable to guarantee the absolute security of your information. In the event of a security breach, True North will comply with all applicable laws to notify you about the breach so that you can take protective steps.
True North Services which collect payment information online use industry-standard encryption technology to protect the security of your credit -card information.
To protect the security of your personal information, True North encourages visitors not to disclose their password to anyone, to log out of your account, and to close your browser window when you finish using any of the True North sites.
True North systems that store Personal Information are kept in a secure environment and are backed up on a regular, scheduled basis.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
At True North, we take our responsibilities to our younger visitors seriously. In addition to the steps we take to safeguard the privacy and integrity of personal information submitted by adults, we adhere to the following principles and practices regarding personal information requested from children under 13 years old.
We will not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 (such as full name, home address, e-mail address, phone number, etc.). We may use age screening mechanisms to help us determine if a user is under the age of 13. If the True North Services determine that the user is under the age of 13, he/she will be directed to content that does not involve the submission of personal information.
From time to time, we may post information on our site about other promotions, contests or games that are open to children but that require Personal Information to participate. For these contests, children will be required to provide proof of consent from their parent or legal guardian.
If at any time, a parent or legal guardian becomes aware that their child has provided us with information without their consent, or wishes to withdraw their consent to our use, disclosure or retention of Personal Information collected from his or her child, the parent or guardian should contact us at privacyofficer@tnse.com and we will promptly remove such information from our database(s). Please note that we may request proof of identity and relationship to the child before doing so.
If you have any comments or questions on policies related to children’s data or about our commitment to protecting your and your children’s privacy, please contact our Chief Privacy Officer at the privacyofficer@tnse.com.
CHOICES
You may make the following choices regarding your personal information:
Unsubscribe. You may opt-out of receiving future promotional email communications from True North by clicking the “Unsubscribe” link in the footer of the promotional email communication and updating your preferences. Additionally, you may identify specific email publications about our teams and services which you would like to receive by visiting the applicable team’s website. True North may continue to send you transactional or service-related emails regarding your account.
Location Information. If you use location-enabled services or applications covered by this Privacy Policy, you may be provided with an opportunity to opt out of having your location information collected and/or used for certain purposes. However, if you exercise such an opt-out option you may not be able to enjoy all of the functionalities offered by those services or applications. You also may be able to limit the collection of your location information through the settings on your device.
Permanently Delete Information. You may request to have your Personal Information personally deleted at any time. To exercise this option, please contact privacyofficer@tnse.com.
ACCESS TO PERSONAL INFORMATION
You have the right to access, update, or correct inaccuracies in any of your Personal Information that True North keeps, subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law. Such requests should be submitted to privacyofficer@tnse.com or the mailing information listed under the Contact Us heading.
In certain situations, we may not be able to provide you with access to all of your Personal Information. For instance, if doing so would reveal personal information about another individual or any of our confidential information. In such a case, True North will provide you with the reason for denying your request.
RETENTION OF INFORMATION
True North will retain Personal Information for the period of time necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy, or until an individual requests that we delete information about them, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. True North considers several factors when determining how long to keep Personal Information. Once True North no longer has a need for your Personal Information, we will securely destroy it in accordance with our standards and applicable laws and regulations.
WITHDRAWING YOUR CONSENT
You may have your Personal Information deleted, subject to legal or contractual restrictions and reasonable notice. If you would like your Personal Information deleted, please contact privacyofficer@tnse.com.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
True North reserves the right to update this Privacy Policy at any time to reflect changes in our privacy practices without prior notice. When the Privacy Policy is updated, True North will update the date at the top of this page to indicate the date last updated. Accordingly, we encourage users to review this Privacy Policy frequently to ensure familiarity with its terms. If a material change is made to the Privacy Policy, True North will provide appropriate notice and seek your consent to the updated policy.
ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS
By using any of the True North Services, you signify your acceptance to the collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal Information, as described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please do not use our Services. Your continued usage of any True North Services acknowledges that any revised Privacy Policy will supersede any prior privacy policies.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, our privacy practices, or about your Personal Information in our control, including if you wish to change your preferences as to how we use and disclose your Personal Information, please contact:
Chief Privacy Officer
True North Sports + Entertainment
345 Graham Avenue
Winnipeg, MB R3C 5S6
(204) 987 – 7825
privacyofficer@tnse.com
MISCELLANEOUS
None of NHL ICE, NHL Enterprises, L.P., NHL Enterprises Canada, L.P., NHL Enterprises B.V., the National Hockey League and its other member clubs, nor any of their respective officers, directors, governors, owners, other officials, partners, partnerships, principals, employees, affiliates and other related entities, servants, agents, representatives, successors and assigns, have any control of, or responsibility or liability for, our use, disclosure, storage or transmission of any information collected through our websites.
HomeOur CompanyVision / MissionOur PortfolioOur FoundationOur PeopleBoard of DirectorsIn the CommunityAll AccessCommunity ReportHistoryJoin Our TeamTrue North Speakers Bureau
× Close Panel