http://www.feyenoord.com/privacy
Return to homepagina
Privacy statement
Feyenoord Rotterdam N.V. (hereinafter “Feyenoord” or “we”) respects your privacy and processes and protects personal data in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
In this privacy statement we state:
What personal data we process and how;
For what purposes we process your personal data;
How long we keep your personal data;
With which categories of recipients we share your personal data;
How we protect your personal data;
Your rights as a subject;
How we use cookies;
How you can contact us.
If you are under 16 years of age, one of your parents or your legal guardian must consent to the processing of your personal data as set out in this privacy statement.
Processing of personal data
Personal data means all data relating to an identified or identifiable natural person. We process the following data:
Basic data (your first and last name);
Contact data (your email address, postal address and phone number);
Data on the device you use to visit our website (IP address, pages visited, browser, date and duration of your visit). For more information, please see our cookie statement;
Personal data you give to us when filling out an online form, to enter a competition, say, or a contact form;
Personal data you give us in connection with your attendance at an event or meeting, such as requirements or dietary preferences;
Personal data you give us in connection with a job application (your first and last name, date of birth, address, phone number and all other personal data stated in your application documents);
Emails sent by Feyenoord contain data that tells us whether you have received or opened the email and any links you may have clicked in the email;
All photos you give to Feyenoord, when sending an email, say, or uploading photos to this website (www.feyenoord.com);
This data is collected when you fill out one of our forms on the website or when you accept cookies from our website.
Goal of processing
We process your personal data for the following purposes:
Preparing or performing the agreement you enter into with us;
Providing you with the information you request;
Sending club news and service-oriented information to inform, interest and involve our fans, provided you have given your consent for this. If you no longer wish to receive this information you can unsubscribe at any time. The emails contain an unsubscribe link;
Presenting products, services, events of Feyenoord, the partners of Feyenoord or other parties with which Feyenoord works, provided you have consented to this. If you no longer wish to receive this information you can unsubscribe at any time;
Conducting marketing activities, such as tailoring websites, applications or campaigns to your probable interests, provided you have consented to this;
Analytical purposes. Feyenoord.com may also combine the personal data you provide with data obtained on the basis of your use of the Feyenoord.com services to better fit the content of the Feyenoord.com services to your wishes, among other things. We only do this if you have consented to this;
Occasionally recording phone calls, evaluating visits to our counters and keeping emails and letters for training and coaching purposes to enable us to provide the very best service to users. You will always be informed about this;
Publishing photos and corresponding data on this website (www.feyenoord.com) sent in by fans expressly as part of a campaign or publishing these photos and this data in other (promotional) messages of the Feyenoord Junior Club;
Complying with legal obligations.
We process your personal data based on one or more of the following legal grounds:
Preparation or performance of an agreement;
Compliance with a legal obligation;
A legitimate interest;
Provision of your consent.
Retention terms
Feyenoord does not keep your personal data longer than necessary to achieve the purposes stated in this privacy statement or to comply with laws and regulations.
Transmission to third parties
Feyenoord is permitted to transmit your personal data to Eredivisie CV and Eredivisie Media & Marketing CV (hereinafter ‘’Eredivisie’’) and/or the official sponsors and partners of Eredivisie, as stated at eredivisie.nl (hereinafter “Official Partners”) and/or official club sponsors (hereinafter “Sponsors”). This is permitted if you have given your separate consent for this before filling out the contact form. This consent can always be withdrawn. This personal data is kept for no more than 60 months by Eredivisie, Official Partners and/or Sponsors.
With your prior consent (insofar as this is required by law) we are permitted to:
Send you offers, promotions and other commercial messages with regard to services or products of or offered by Eredivisie, Official Partners and/or Sponsors by email, text message, chat program, social media and phone. This can also include co-branded services, such as competitions and other promotions, offered and organised by Eredivisie, Official Partners and/or Sponsors;
Send you commercial messages based on your personal interests and needs by email, text message, chat program, social media and phone;
Share your personal data with Eredivisie, Official Partners and/or Sponsors to enable the aforementioned commercial messages.
The data collected by Feyenoord is needed to achieve the aforementioned goals. Third parties are not permitted to access your personal data without your consent and your personal data will not be transmitted to third parties unless:
This is required to ensure the proper functioning of Feyenoord services offered by partners of Feyenoord. You will be notified before your personal data is transmitted to the third party and you have the right to prohibit such transmission and not use the service; or
Feyenoord is legally obliged to do so or this is necessary to protect the rights of users of the Feyenoord services or the rights of Feyenoord; or
This is permitted by law.
Third Parties to which we transmit your personal data are responsible for complying with privacy laws. Feyenoord is not responsible or liable for processing.
Personal data may also be processed on the instruction of Feyenoord by processors, who in turn may contract other processors. Feyenoord is responsible for the actions of all these processors, who are not permitted to process the personal data for their own purposes. In such cases, Feyenoord enters into a processing agreement that fulfils the requirements of the GDPR.
Security
Feyenoord has taken appropriate technical and organisational steps to protect your personal data from loss or any type of unlawful processing. Should you have any questions about the security of your personal data or if there are indications of misuse, you should contact us.
Your rights as a Feyenoord.com user
As a user, you have the rights set out below. You should be aware that in certain circumstances we are permitted not to comply with your request to provide copies of your personal data.
The right of access (article 15). This means that you can ask to see the personal data that we hold on you;
The right to rectification (article 16) of your personal data if it is incorrect or incomplete;
The right to be forgotten (article 17), as well as the right to have your personal data erased. Here, you should be aware that in certain circumstances we must keep your personal data in order to be able to fulfil our legal obligations;
The right to withdraw your consent (article 7);
The right to data portability (article 20). Here, you have the right to transmit your personal data to another controller.
The right to object (article 21) to or restrict (article 18) the processing of your personal data.
You can request this via our contactform. If you are under 16 years of age, such requests must be made by a parent or your legal guardian. In this case, we will respond to the parent or legal guardian.
Feyenoord.com does its utmost to ensure the personal data it holds on you is correct and enables you to change your personal data in your personal account insofar as this is technically possible and Feyenoord has a program to do this.
If you do not wish to receive commercial messages from Feyenoord, Feyenoord will stop sending them to you if you request this (by post or email to the address stated below). For commercial messages of partners of Feyenoord, you should contact the partner directly.
Contact details
If you have any questions about the processing of your personal data, you can contact Feyenoord.
Amendments to this privacy statement
This privacy statement was last amended on 22 May 2018. Feyenoord reserves the right to change this privacy statement. Any change will be published on this page. We therefore advise you to consult this page regularly. You can contact Feyenoord about this privacy statement via our contactform.
Or contact us by post at:
Feyenoord Rotterdam N.V. (the official company name and controller of your personal data with regard to this privacy statement)
attn. Service & Tickets
Postbus 9635
3007 AP Rotterdam
The Netherlands