http://www.motoforum.net/terms/
Registration Terms - Motoforum.net
Jump to content
Community Home
All Activity
Home
Registration Terms
Read This Carefully..
YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO POST OR CONTACT MEMBERS UNTIL ADMIN HAVE APPROVED YOUR REGISTRATION. PLEASE DO NOT ENQUIRE ABOUT YOUR REGISTRATION FOR AT LEAST 3 WORKING DAYS AFTER YOU REGISTER. WE OPERATE THIS WAY BECAUSE THERE ARE LOTS OF SPAMMERS AND ROBOTS OUT THERE...
Personal profile details will only be visible on your own post and to the Admin team - unless you put information in the fields marked 'visible to other members'. If you are buying or selling on the Forum, your name and address may be given to a buyer or seller if they report a dispute to us - by joining you authorise this.
Motoforum.net Terms & Conditions
If you agree with the following Terms & Conditions - click the "Register" button below. To cancel this registration, hit the 'back' button on your browser.
We only allow one account per member.
Please remember that we are not responsible for any messages posted. We do not vouch for or warrant the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of any message.
Messages express the views of the author of the message, not the views of Motoforum unless clearly stated. Any user who feels that a posted message is objectionable is encouraged to contact us immediately. We have the ability to remove objectionable messages and we will make every effort to do so, within a reasonable time frame, if we determine that removal is necessary.
You agree, through your use of and/or contribution to this Forum, that you will not use Motoforum.net to post any material which is knowingly false and/or defamatory, inaccurate, abusive, vulgar, hateful, harassing, obscene, profane, sexually oriented, threatening, invasive of a person's privacy, or otherwise violates of any law.
You agree not to post any copyrighted material unless the copyright is owned by you.
You agree not to offer any Trade item, commodity or service on Motoforum nor directly promote any trader or trading organization. That includes registering with a trade name or signature that effects the same.
All users of the Forum recognise that, in order to encourage free debate and an exchange of views they indemnify both each other and the Forum (owners and administrators) with regard to anything posted on the Forum or communicated via any means related to the Forum.
Motoforum may edit, suspend or remove your account and or content at any time.
Motoforum is not responsible for any sale, purchase or bargain - should you choose to sell or purchase anything advertised on the Forum - transactions will be entirely at your own risk. Motoforum will not normally supply personal details of any advertiser or purchaser - make sure you are satisfied and have verified those details.
We cannot be held responsible for unauthorised access - for example the hacking of the site - and you indemnify Motoforum (and all associated persons and organisations) against any misuse of information you may register of post  on the site.
You agree to the Forum rules.
All Activity
Home
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Copyright@motoforum.net
Powered by Invision Community
Important Information
Terms of Use Privacy Policy Guidelines We have placed cookies on your device to help make this website better. You can adjust your cookie settings, otherwise we'll assume you're okay to continue.
I accept