http://www.kcac.co.uk/links/privacy-notice/
Close
Home
Juniors
Junior Training
Scholarship
Club Championships
Club Records
Coaches
Annual Priority Races
Parents
News
Results
Honours and Acheivements
Photos
Support Fund
Seniors
Senior Training
Club Championships
Club Championships – Schedule
Club Championships – Results
News
Results
Acheivements
Senior Club Records
Photos
Support Fund
Training Nights
Club Races
Beefy’s Nab
Bronte Way
cononley
Kildwick Duathlons
Fallfest 5
fells and bells
Full Bronte
Gathering Winter Fools
Giant’s tooth
Haworth hobble
Hill climb
Ingleton Waterfalls
Kildwick
Lothersdale
Malham kirkby
Oakworth haul
Oxenhope Fell race
Rob Shepherd’s Stirton (R)
Sutton
Yorkshireman
Join us
News
Social
Wednesday Night Social Runs
Links
Privacy Notice
Contact us
NOTICE:
*** CLUB TRAINING NIGHTS POSTPONED UNTIL FURTHER NOTICE ***
{"effect":"fade","fontstyle":"normal","autoplay":"true","timer":4000}
Privacy NoticeHomeLinksPrivacy Notice
Keighley & Craven Athletics Club (KCAC) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. For any personal data you provide for the purposes of your membership, KCAC is the Data Controller and is responsible for storing and otherwise processing that data in a fair, lawful, secure and transparent way.
What personal data we hold on you
You may give us information about you by filling in forms at an event or online, or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. This includes information you provide when you register with the Club, [subscribe to our newsletter, or participate in discussion boards on our website] The information you give us may include your name, date of birth, address, e-mail address, phone number, name of the EA affiliated Clubs with which you are registered and gender (Athletics Data). We may also ask for relevant [health information, disability, other data.
Why we need your personal data
The reason we need your Athletics Data is to be able to administer your membership,and provide the membership services you are signing up to when you register with the club. Our lawful basis for processing your personal is that we have a contractual obligation to you as a member to provide the services you are registering for.
Reasons we need to process your data include:
For training and competition entry
sharing personal data with club coaches or officials to administer training sessions;
sharing personal data with club team managers to enter events;
sharing personal data with facility providers to manage access to the track or check delivery standards; and
sharing personal data with leagues, county associations (and county schools’ associations) and other competition providers for entry in events.
For funding and reporting purposes
sharing anonymised data with a funding partner as condition of grant funding e.g. Local Authority;
analysing anonymised data to monitor club trends; and
sending an annual club survey to improve your experience as a club member
For membership and club management
processing of membership forms and payments;
sharing data with committee members to provide information about club activities, membership renewals or invitation to social events;
club newsletter promoting club activity; and
publishing of race and competition results
Any special category health data we hold on you is only processed for the purpose(s) of (e.g. fitness/ health checks or passing health data to coaches to allow the safe running of training sessions). We process this data on the lawful basis of consent. Therefore, we will also need your explicit consent to process this data, which we will ask for at the point of collecting it.
On occasion we may collect personal data from non-members (e.g. any non-member participant who fills in a health disclaimer or form at a taster event). This information will be stored for up to 13 weeks after the event and then destroyed securely. Our lawful basis for processing data is consent. Therefore, we will also need explicit consent from non-members to process this data, which we will ask for at the point of collecting it.
The club has the following social media pages- Facebook and Twitter. All members are free to join these pages. If you join one of the Social Media pages, please note that provider of the social media platform(s) have their own privacy policies and that the club do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.  Please check these policies before you submit any personal data on the club social media pages.
Who we share your personal data with
When you become a member of or renew your membership with KCAC you can also choose to be registered as a member of England Athletics (you will have to register with England Athletics if you ever compete for the club in competition Under UKA Rules). If you tick the box below we will provide England Athletics with your personal data which they will use to enable access to an online portal for you (called myAthletics). England Athletics will contact you to invite you to sign into and update your MyAthletics portal (which, amongst other things, allows you to set and amend your privacy settings). If you have any questions about the continuing privacy of your personal data when it is shared with England Athletics, please contact dataprotection@englandathletics.org. If you do not tick the box and then decide to compete for the club, we will need to register you with England Athletics and we will inform you at that time.
The Club does not supply any personal data it holds for this purpose to any other third party. The Club does not store or transfer your personal data outside of the UK.
How long we hold your personal data
We will hold your personal data on file for as long as you are a member with us. Athlete data is updated every year on annual membership forms. Any personal data we hold on you will be securely destroyed after four years of inactivity on that member’s account, in line with England Athletics Limited’s retention policy. Your data is not processed for any further purposes other than those detailed in this policy.
Your rights regarding your personal data
As a data subject you may have the right at any time to request access to, rectification or erasure of your personal data; to restrict or object to certain kinds of processing of your personal data, including direct marketing; to the portability of your personal data and to complain to the UK’s data protection supervisory authority, the Information Commissioner’s Office about the processing of your personal data.
As a data subject you are not obliged to share your personal data with the Club. If you choose not to share your personal data with us we may not be able to register or administer your membership.
Copyright © 2016 Keighley & Craven Athletic Club - All Rights Reserved. Site by: Impulse Branding & Marketing Ltd