http://www.rockinghorseranch.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyEffective Date: June 12, 2017This Online Privacy Policy applies to information obtained by Tee Bar Corp d/b/a Rocking Horse Ranch ( “we,” “our,” or “us”) when you visit www.rockinghorseranch.com (the “Site”). This Policy also describes how we may share the information we obtain, your choices regarding our use of your information, the ways in which we safeguard such information, and how you may contact us regarding our privacy practices.Information Collection
Information You Provide To Us
We collect information you provide directly to us. For example, we collect information from you when you sign up to receive our emails, book a reservation, participate in a promotion or survey, request customer support, apply for a job or otherwise communicate with us through the Site. The information we may collect includes personal information, which is information that can be used to identify you, such as your name, email address, zip code, billing address, shipping address, phone number, payment card information and any other information you choose to provide.Information We Collect Automatically
In addition to information that you submit to us, we may collect certain information using automated means (such as cookies, web beacons and web server logs) when you access or use the Site. This information may include demographic information; IP address; browser type; operating system characteristics; information about your use of the Site; and data regarding network connected hardware (e.g., computer or mobile device), such as unique device identifiers, type, model, version, MAC address, device or session ID, functionality, performance data and connection type. This information may also include clickstream data, which is information about the page-by-page paths you take as you browse through the Site. Cookies are data files that are placed on a computer when it is used to visit a website. These cookies may be used for many purposes, including, without limitation, tracking user preferences or web pages visited while using a website. Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually set your browser to remove or reject cookies, but note that doing so does not necessarily affect third party flash cookies used in connection with our websites. For more information about disabling flash cookies, click here. Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of the Site. In addition, please be aware that if you choose to block cookies, some advertising preferences that are dependent on cookies may not be able to be respected.Data Analytics
The Site may use third-party web analytics services, such as Google Analytics, to help us analyze how visitors use the Site. These services track information about visitors including IP addresses, browser types, referring pages, pages visited, and time spent on particular pages, which we use to improve and tailor the user experience on our Site. For further information about opting out of data collection through Google Analytics, click here. Your web browser may have settings that allow you to transmit a “Do Not Track” signal when you visit various websites or use online services. Like many websites, this Site is not designed to respond to “Do Not Track” signals received from browsers. To learn more about “Do Not Track” signals, you may wish to visit http://www.allaboutdnt.com. Third parties may collect personally identifiable information about your online activities over time and across different websites when you visit the Site.Information Use
We may use information about you for various purposes, including to:Facilitate and improve your online experience, including by personalizing your online experience and providing advertisements, content or features that match your profile and interests;Respond to your comments, questions and requests and provide customer service;Communicate with you about products, services, offers, promotions, rewards and events and provide news and information we think will be of interest to you (for information about how to manage these communications, please see the Your Choices section below).Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages;Monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities, including to improve the Site or other Rocking Horse Ranch products and services;Contact you regarding your use of the Site, including to provide you with notices related to the Site and our other websites, products and services;Conduct surveys regarding the Site and our other websites, products and services;Carry out any other purpose disclosed elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, at the time you provide your personal information, or for which the information was collected; orFor any other purpose, with your consent.Information Sharing
We may permit vendors, consultants and other service providers to access information collected through the Site to carry out work on our behalf. For example, we may hire outside companies to help us send emails and manage email campaigns, run survey programs, or host or operate our Site or mobile applications. These third party service providers use the personal information to which they have access to carry out the purposes for which we shared the information. We also may share your information (1) if we are required to do so by law, regulation, or legal process (such as in response to a court order, search warrant, or subpoena); (2) to fulfill requests by government agencies, such as law enforcement authorities; (3) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss, or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity; or (4) to enforce our policies, or protect rights, property, or safety. We may cooperate with law enforcement authorities in the investigation and prosecution of violations of our policies, behavior that is harmful to other visitors, or is illegal. We reserve the right to transfer any information we obtain through the Site in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets (e.g., further to a merger, reorganization, liquidation, or any other business transaction, including negotiations of such transactions).Social Features
Certain functionality on the Site is specifically designed to permit interactions that you initiate between the Site and third party websites or services, including third party social networks (“Social Features”). Examples of Social Features include enabling you to transmit content to the Site from your account on a third party website or service or to “like” or “share” Site content to other websites or services. If you choose to use Social Features, information you post or provide access to may be publicly displayed on the Site or by the provider of the Social Feature that you use. Similarly, if you post information on a third party platform that references the Site (e.g., by using a hashtag associated with Rocking Horse Ranch in a tweet or status update), your post may be published on the Site in accordance with the terms of the third party website or service. Also, both Rocking Horse Ranch and the third party may have access to certain information about you and your use of the Site and the third party site or service. The information we collect in connection with Social Features is subject to this Privacy Policy. The information collected and stored by the third parties remains subject to those third parties’ privacy practices, including whether the third parties continue to share information with us, the types of information shared, and your choices with regard to what is visible to others on those third party websites or services.Data SecurityWe take reasonable measures to help protect information about you from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. Although Rocking Horse Ranch uses reasonable efforts to help protect your information, transmission via the Internet is not completely secure and we cannot guarantee the security of your information collected through the Site.Children’s Privacy
This Site is not intended for, nor targeted to, children under the age of thirteen (13). We do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 13 and if we learn that we have received information from a user under the age of 13, we will delete this information in accordance with applicable law.Information For Users Outside the United States
We are based in the United States and the information we collect is governed by U.S. law. By accessing or using the Site or otherwise providing information to us, you consent to the processing and transfer of information in and to the U.S. as described in this Privacy Policy. Please note that the data protection laws and regulations applicable to your personal data transferred to the United States may be different from the laws in your country of residence.Your Choices
You can opt out of receiving promotional email communications from us at any time by following the instructions provided in those communications or by emailing us at info@rhranch.com. Please note that even if you opt out of receiving promotional communications, we may continue to send you non-promotional emails, such as those about our ongoing business relations. Many web browsers provide options to allow you to stop accepting new cookies, or to disable existing cookies. Please be aware that if you disable the cookies on your computer you may not be able to use certain features of this Site or other websites, and disabling cookies may invalidate opt outs that rely on cookies to function. Also, these cookie-disabling options may not be effective in all cases, or may be effective with respect to one type of browser or service, but not another.Links to Other Websites and Services
For your convenience and information, we may provide links to other websites or online locations on this Site. Those linked websites may be operated by unaffiliated entities, and may have their own privacy policies or notices. This Privacy Policy does not apply to those websites, so we encourage you to learn about their privacy practices by reviewing the privacy policies posted on those sites. We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of websites that we do not control.Your California Privacy Rights
California law permits customers in California to request certain details about how their information is shared with third parties and, in some cases, affiliates, for direct marketing purposes. Under the law, a business must either provide this information or permit California customers to opt in to, or opt out of, this type of sharing. Rocking Horse Ranch do not share personal information with third parties or affiliates for those third parties’ or affiliates’ own direct marketing purposes. California customers may request information about our compliance with this law by contacting us at info@rhranch.com or by sending a letter to:
Rocking Horse Ranch
Attn: Marketing Department
600 Route 44/55
Highland, NY 12528
Any such inquiry must include “California Privacy Rights Request” in the first line of the description and include your name, street address, city, state, and ZIP code. Please note that we are only required to respond to one request per customer each year.Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of this Policy. We encourage you to review this Policy whenever you visit the Site to stay informed about our information practices.Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
Rocking Horse Ranch
Attn: Marketing Department
600 Route 44/55
Highland, NY 12528
info@rhranch.com
Rocking Horse Ranch is open! View our safety procedures.
Learn More