http://www.mississaugafsc.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyMISSISSAUGA FIGURE SKATING CLUB PRIVACY POLICYMississauga Figure Skating Club (“MFSC”) values the privacy of our members and customers. This privacy statement discloses the privacy practices of this website, www.mississaugafsc.com. MFSC will collect personal information, such as names, addresses, email addresses, phone numbers, on a voluntary basis by you through membership, program registration and purchases. MFSC will use this information for the following purposes:Communicate information relating to the operation and promotion of the club with our members and program participants including, but not limited to, organization details, existing and upcoming program information, club communications, event promotion and details, member communications, fundraising and volunteer information.Arrange for instruction and encourage the practice and enjoyment of the sport.Help organize and operate competitions, contests and performances.Communicate with prospective members about club information and promotions.Enable MFSC’s administrative staff and board of directors to administer business activities, programs, registrations through the acts including, but not limited to, completing program and event registrations, responding to questions, informing members or upcoming events, programs and promotions and fundraising and volunteer activities.Enable MFSC to provide better services and processes to better meet the needs of our membership.Register your membership with club associated governing bodies that you consent to (e.g. Skate Canada) MFSC does not store any credit card number and security information (e.g. CVV numbers) online on the website, www.mississaugafsc.com. MFSC does not sell, rent or exchange any of the personal information collected in the manner described above with any third party except as described herein or as you may otherwise consent. All information gathered by MFSC through your purchases, registrations or website visits is kept confidential. We respect your privacy and confidence as a valued member. For normal club operations, MFSC may disclose some information to service providers and suppliers for the operation of this website, arrange instruction and to manage your membership, purchases and registrations. MFSC may also provide your personal information in good faith when required by law. MFSC may use “cookies” to track your web browsing and registration activities and preferences on www.mississaugafsc.com. Cookies are data files transferred to your computer’s hard-drive through your browser by a website to keep track of certain preferences or activities to streamline subsequent website visits. MFSC’s website may log IP addresses and browser details during your site visit. MFSC is committed to the protection of our members’ information. Sensitive and personal information is kept secure and strictly confidential. Our website has maintained using industry standard security measures to protect against loss, misuse, alteration and theft. Access to your personal information by MFSC’s administrative staff and board of directors is limited to a need-to-know basis. Mississauga Figure Skating Club reserves the right to change this privacy policy from time to time. If you have any questions about this privacy policy or the practices of this website, you can send an email to info@mississaugafsc.com or you can send mail to: Mississauga Figure Skating Club P.O. Box 41017, Rockwood Postal Outlet 4141 Dixie Road Mississauga, Ontario L4W 5C9 Canada