http://www.pensacolagreyhoundpark.com/privacy-policy
Home
Poker
Poker Calendar
Poker Room
Tournament Winners
Racing
Simulcast Calendar
About
2020 Kentucky Derby Prep Races
How to Wager
Greyhound Adoption
Dining
Breakfast Menu
Center Bar
Dinner Menu
Contact
Privacy Policy WIND CREEK HOSPITALITY PRIVACY POLICYWind Creek Hospitality ("WCH", “Wind Creek Hospitality” "us" or "we") respects the privacy of all visitors to our company websites (WindCreekHospitality.com, WindCreekMontgomery.com, WindCreekAtmore.com, WindCreekWetumpka.com, WindCreekBethlehem.com, WaSheShuCasino.com, Play.WindCreekCasino.com, WindCreekCasino.com, PensacolaGreyhoundTrack.com, MobileGreyhoundPark.com, and CreekEntertainment.com.) WCH maintains these sites to market and promote the many services and amenities offered by WCH. In order to assist us in better serving our customers, we may collect certain anonymous information automatically, and may require certain personal information, including financial information, if you are making reservations or purchases or requesting information from us through this website. This Privacy Statement outlines the type of information that WCH may collect and the manner in which such information will be used. All efforts have been made to ensure the accuracy of the information provided herein, however WCH makes no warranties or representations as to the accuracy of the information supplied herein. Wind Creek Hospitality is a wholly owned authority of the Poarch Band of Creek Indians.
Anonymous Information Automatically Collected
We may collect and use certain information about your use of our websites that do not personally identify you. This information includes your IP address and other information gathered through the use of "cookies". Cookies enable us to gather anonymous click-stream information, such as pages viewed, the date and time the site was entered, the type of internet browser you are using, the type of computer you are using, and the domain name of the website from which you linked to our site. This anonymous information does not personally identify you, and is gathered to help us develop generalized customer profiles to better serve our customers. If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, most browsers allow users to accept or reject cookies. If you set your browser not to accept cookies, you may not be able to take advantage of certain services that we offer on our website.
Personal Information Collected
You may be required to supply personal information such as your name, address, and telephone number to receive certain information, participate in promotions, make reservations or place orders. A personal identification number provided by WCH may be required to access certain personal information. By providing personal information, you agree to be placed on marketing lists and may receive promotional materials from WCH from time to time. If at any time you choose to no longer receive emails from WCH and would like to be removed from our marketing contact list, click on the "unsubscribe" link which is included in every email correspondence that is transmitted from WCH. If at any time you choose not to be contacted through SMS or MMS messages, simply text STOP to 52246. If at any time you choose not to be contacted by phone, please press 7 during a live call or dial 1-844-330-1530 to opt-out. Your personal information is stored on secure servers that are not accessible by third parties. We provide you with the capability to transmit your personal information via secured and encrypted channels if you use a similarly equipped web browser. Personally identifiable information is stored on web servers that are not publicly accessible. Further, personally identifiable information is only accessed by WCH employees on a "need to know" basis. In order to ensure that all of your personal information is correct and up to date, you will be able to update your personal information. While we strive to protect your personal information, WCH cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk.
Age Policy
All patrons of Wind Creek Hospitality must 21 years of age to enter and play on the gaming floor or play on any of our online casinos. Wind Creek Hospitality has no intention of collecting any personal information (such as name, address, telephone number or email address) from individuals under 21 years of age. Any offers, promotions or contests we conduct are not open to persons younger than 21 years of age. We reserve the right to verify age at any time for any reason and may reject a person who does not have valid age identification as requested by WCH. If a minor has provided us with personal information, a parent or guardian of that minor should contact us at the email address or phone number listed at the bottom of this Privacy Statement to identify the information that must be removed.
Sharing Information
Any personal information you provide may be shared with other businesses owned or managed by the Poarch Band of Creek Indians. We do not anticipate that your personal information will be shared or divulged to any non-affiliated third parties by us, provided such disclosure may be necessary to: (a) comply with a court order or other legal process or other legal requirements of any governmental authorities, including but not limited to authorities which regulate gaming activities; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of WCH. Our websites contain links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such sites. We have no control over its use and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Changes to Privacy Statement
We reserve the right, at any time and without notice, to add to, change, update or modify this Privacy Statement simply by posting such change, update or modification on the website. Any such change, update or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on the website. If you have any questions regarding any of the above information, please contact us at info@windcreekhospitality.com. Copyright All contents of our Websites are ©2020 Wind Creek Hospitality, 303 Poarch Road Atmore, Alabama 36502. All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
Hotel Credit Policy
A valid credit card will be required to book hotel reservations. Guests must also present a valid credit card at check-in. Hotel account can be settled in cash or credit
Legal gambling age is 18. Minors are not permitted in the wagering areas.