http://www.sentryworld.com/privacy-policy
Toggle menu
GOLF
COURSE TOUR
TEE TIMES AND RATES
GROUP OUTINGS
LESSONS AND PROGRAMS
PRACTICE FACILITY
INDOOR PRACTICE FACILITY
GOLF CARTS
CADDIES
ACCOMMODATIONS
PRO SHOP
DINING
PJ'S
MUSE
MEETINGS AND EVENTS
SERVICES
MEETING AND EVENT VENUES
INFORMATION CENTER
EXECUTIVE MEETINGS
CONFERENCES AND BANQUETS
EVENT ACTIVITIES
MEET OUR TEAM
WEDDINGS
SERVICES
WEDDING VENUES
INFORMATION CENTER
REHEARSAL DINNERS
OFF SEASON WEDDINGS
MEET OUR TEAM
FIELDHOUSE
LEAGUES
VOLLEYBALL
TENNIS
BEAN BAG TOSS
FIELDHOUSE RATES
FIELDHOUSE AVAILABILITY
WHAT'S HAPPENING
PHOTO GALLERIES
GOLF
WEDDING
PJ'S
MEETING AND EVENT
FIELDHOUSE
SPECIAL EVENTS
ABOUT US
AWARDS
2014 COURSE REDESIGN
HISTORY
CONTACT US
715-345-1600
Privacy statement
How we protect your privacy
Welcome to sentryworld.com. It’s an informational tool provided and owned by Sentry Services, LLC (“Sentry Services”). Sentry Services respects the privacy of each user who visits our website. Sentry Services has adopted this website Privacy Policy (“Policy”) to memorialize Sentry Services’ current data collection and disclosure policies and practices for this website and its related web pages (the “Site”).
Consent
By using the Site, you consent to this Policy. If you do not consent to this Policy, please refrain from use of the Site. All information gathered from the Site will be stored and processed in the United States. If you access the Site from a location other than the United States, your use of the Site constitutes consent to the transfer of your information to the United States.
Collection of information
Sentry Services may collect personally identifiable information you input at certain locations on the Site (such as your name, address, email address, telephone number, and credit card or bank information for online payments or purchases). Sentry Services also collects non-personal and anonymous information from users to be used in an aggregate fashion. For example, Sentry Services may collect system-related information (such as an IP address, browser type, and operating system type) to be used for system administration purposes, to help diagnose problems with our servers, to monitor traffic patterns, to determine which services are used most frequently, and to assess Site usage. Sentry Services may retain information we gather about you indefinitely.
This Site may contain links to other websites. Sentry Services is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices or the content of websites not owned by Sentry Services that you may link to or may be linked from this Site. We encourage you to review the privacy policies and terms and conditions of such websites so that you understand how those companies collect, use, and share your information. This Policy applies solely to the information that Sentry Services collects on this Site and does not apply to information Sentry Services may collect by any alternative means or media.
Use of information
Generally, Sentry Services uses the information it gathers to operate and improve the Site and Sentry Services’ services, to create a positive user experience, and to deliver information on various products and services we offer. We may also use information we gather to inform you of new products or services available or under consideration, technical issues, customer satisfaction surveys, or account updates and related purposes.
Disclosure of information
Sentry Services may disclose personally identifiable and aggregate anonymous information to companies and individuals hired to perform functions on our behalf. These companies and individuals may have access to your personal information to perform their functions.
If one of Sentry Services’ business lines or the entire business, or a substantial portion thereof, is acquired or transferred, whether by merger, consolidation, or purchase of a substantial portion of assets, Sentry Services may disclose and transfer your personally identifiable information to such third party acquiring Sentry Services. In addition, if Sentry Services becomes the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, whether voluntary or involuntary, Sentry Services or its trustee in bankruptcy may sell, assign, license, or otherwise transfer such information in a transaction approved by the appropriate court. Sentry Services may also disclose your personal information to third parties when we believe, in good faith and in our sole discretion, that such disclosure is:
(a) reasonably necessary to perform services provided by Sentry Services;
(b) reasonably necessary to enforce or apply the terms and conditions of this Site;
(c) reasonably necessary to comply with legal or regulatory requirements;
(d) reasonably necessary to protect the rights, property, or safety of Sentry Services, our
users or other third parties;
(e) reasonably necessary to prevent a crime or protect national security; or
(f) otherwise allowed by law.
Sentry Services may disclose aggregate anonymous information to its clients, business partners, merchants, advertisers, potential advertisers, investors, potential buyers, and other third parties if Sentry Services deems such disclosure, in its sole discretion, to have sound business reasons or justification.
When you access the Site through any co-branded websites or linked web pages, your personal information may be disclosed to and become the property of both Sentry Services and the relevant co-sponsor. In that case, the use of your personally identifiable information by the co-sponsor company will be subject to the privacy policy of that company, and Sentry Services is not responsible for nor subject to the co-sponsor's policy regarding their use of your personally identifiable information. Accordingly, we encourage you to review the privacy policies and practices of any relevant co-sponsor before supplying any personal information.
Children
The Site is not intended for children. Sentry Services does not knowingly or specifically collect personal information from users under 18 years of age. In the event that Sentry Services becomes aware that it has collected personal information from a user under 18 years of age, it will take steps to delete such information from its database. Sentry Services does not authorize users under 18 years of age to use the Site or any related products or services.
Security
Sentry Services uses industry-based encryption technologies when transferring and receiving data exchanged through this Site. We also have security measures in place at our physical facilities to help protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our Site. Although we have implemented various measures to help protect your information, Sentry Services does not guarantee the security of any information.
Policy changes
Sentry Services reserves the right to change this Policy at any time. In particular, Sentry Services may modify this Policy to reflect changes in the way we collect, use, or disclose information or to reflect changes in privacy laws, regulations, and/or industry standards. We encourage you to review this Policy when accessing the Site. Continued use of the Site following changes indicates your acceptance of the changes.
Applicable law
This Policy shall be governed by the laws of the State of Wisconsin, without regard to conflicts of law principles, and exclusive jurisdiction and venue for any dispute arising out of this Policy shall be the state courts or district federal courts of Wisconsin.
Contact information
If you have questions regarding this Privacy Policy or the use of your information, please contact:
Director of Privacy and Corporate Compliance
1800 North Point Drive
Stevens Point, WI 54481
Success
Thank you for subscribing.
Keep an eye out for our email newsletter and stay up to date with all things SentryWorld.
CLOSE
Error
We’re sorry.
We’ve encountered an error.
CLOSE
Back
What would you like to do?
Book a tee time
or
Reserve a table
Book a tee time
View our golf rates and book your tee time online or call us.
General public
Wisconsin resident
Community
Military
Book a tee time
Or call 715-345-1600
Or reserve a table
Want a charming, casual feel at PJ's or an elegant, upscale atmosphere at Muse?
Select a restaraunt:
PJ's
Muse
Call (715)-345-1600
(715)-345-1600
Or reserve online
Call (715)-346-1800
(715)-346-1800
Or reserve online