http://www.crusaders.co.nz/privacy-policy
Home
>
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy was updated on 6 November 2020
Protecting your personal information is important to us. So is following New Zealand’s privacy laws. This Privacy Policy tells you how we will protect your privacy and collect and use your personal information (any reference to “we”, “us” or “our” is to the Crusaders Limited Partnership). “Personal Information” means any information that can directly or indirectly identify you or another person. This Privacy Policy applies to anyone who uses our website www.crusaders.co.nz (Website), buys or uses the products or services that we supply you (Products or Services), or interacts with us. If you have any questions, you can contact our Privacy Officer at doug.mcsweeney@crusaders.co.nz.
YOUR RIGHTS We’ll only use your Personal Information for the reasons that we collected it, and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If we don’t need your Personal Information anymore for those reasons, then we’ll stop using it. If you don’t agree with our Privacy Policy or don’t want us to collect your Personal Information, then you shouldn’t use our Website, Services or interact with us. If you change your mind and don’t agree with our Privacy Policy anymore, then you should stop using our Website, Services or interacting with us.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU We may collect the following Personal Information: • Your name and contact details. • Your purchase and account history with us. • Information about your use of our Products or Services. • Information about the webpages you visit on our Website. • Information you provide to us when responding to our customer surveys. • Any other information you give us.
Please don’t give us Personal Information about someone else unless you have their permission and they know about this Privacy Policy.
HOW WE COLLECT YOUR INFORMATION We collect Personal Information: • From you directly (like when you provide your details to us). • From you indirectly (like when you use our Services, visit our Website or interact with us on various platforms). • From third parties (like contractors and agents that we engage to perform services on our behalf, such as to analyse traffic on our Website and social media). • From places where the information is publicly available.
HOW WE USE AND SHARE YOUR INFORMATION We use and disclose your Personal information: • To provide you with our Products or Services, including your purchase of Crusaders rugby game tickets. • To respond to your queries regarding the Website, our Products or Services. • To administer your account with us. • To bill you and to collect money that you owe us. • To operate and maintain our Website. • For our internal record keeping purposes. • To facilitate the sale or other disposition of our business or assets. • To comply with our legal obligations. • For any other purposes that you authorise.
HOW WE SAFEGUARD YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION OUTSIDE NEW ZEALAND From time to time, we may disclose, and you authorise us to disclose, your Personal Information to an overseas service provider for the above purposes. We make sure that the overseas service provider is:
• a participant in a prescribed binding scheme for international disclosures of personal information; and/or • is located in a country that provides comparable safeguards to New Zealand’s privacy laws, approved by the Privacy Commissioner.
If not, then we will take reasonable steps to ensure that the overseas service provider is required to protect your Personal Information in a way that, overall, provides comparable safeguards to those required under New Zealand’s privacy laws.
Examples of these steps include a written agreement between us and the overseas service provider or making reasonable enquiries regarding data protection standards of the country in which the overseas service provider is located.
COOKIES Cookies are small text files placed on your computer, mobile phone, tablet, or other electronic device to store data that can be recalled by a web server in the domain that placed the cookie. This data often consists of a string of numbers and letters that uniquely identifies your device, but it can contain other information as well. Some cookies are placed by third parties acting on our behalf. We may use cookies and similar technologies to store and honour your preferences and settings, enable you to sign-in, provide interest-based advertising, analyse how our Products or Service perform, and fulfil other business functions or operations set out in this Privacy Policy.
To enable some of the features and functionality on our Website, you may need to permit us to place cookies on your device. You can remove or block cookies by using the settings in your browser, but it may affect your ability to use our Website.
THIRD PARTY LINKS Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services when we supply tickets. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites.
E-COMMUNICATIONS You consent to receiving information from us about our Products, Services, promotions and competitions via email, text message and social media. If you want us to stop sending you electronic communications, then you can simply unsubscribe at any time by following the instructions included in the electronic communication.
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION We have reasonable protections in place against unauthorised access, use, modification, disclosure and loss of your Personal Information.
REQUEST ACCESS OR CORRECTION TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION You’re allowed to see what Personal Information we have about you, and you can ask us to correct it if you think it’s wrong. If there is a legal reason why we can’t let you see it, or if we don’t agree with your correction, then we’ll tell you.
PRIVACY COMPLAINTS If you think that we haven’t properly protected your privacy, you can tell our Privacy Officer here Doug McSweeney, Head or Marketing & Communications at, doug.mcsweeney@crusaders.co.nz, or complain to the New Zealand Privacy Commissioner.
PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES We may from time to time change our Privacy Policy. These changes may reflect, among other things, changes in laws, our data collection practices, and/or changes to our business, Services or Products. We will post any updated policies on our Website. The updated Privacy Policy will take effect 14 days after the date it is posted.
If you continue to use our Services or continue to visit our Website or interact with us after the updated Privacy Policy comes into effect, then this will indicate that you have agreed to our changes.
If you don’t agree with the changes to the Privacy Policy, then you should immediately stop using our Services and our Website.
We encourage you to review our Privacy Policy periodically for any changes.