https://www.fotaisland.ie/privacy/
By continuing to use this website, you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with our
Cookie Policy
Skip to content
X
Search
Book
Home
stay
spa
golf
weddings
dining
conferences
adventure
fitness
gallery
exclusive offers
gift experience vouchers
christmas
covid-19
careers
training facilities
activities
blog
contact
media gallery
loyalty reward
reviews
sustainability
stay & spend scheme
X
Book Hotel
Promo Code / Corporate Login
Promo Code:
Go
Best Rates Guaranteed
No Deposit
Promo Code
Corporate Login
BookLodge
BookSpa
BookGolf
BookSpa Facilities
BookAdventure
Book Restaurant
Gift Vouchers
Order & Collect
Reserve & Enjoy
Gift Vouchers
HomePrivacy Privacy
This privacy notice provides information about the ways in which “The Fota Collection” collects, stores, shares or keeps personal information provided by our customers.
The “Fota Collection” collects data from our customers to conduct various businesses that we operate.
Using our websites
Our websites use cookies as outlined in our cookie policy.
Search engine
The search facility on our website is an internal search function and only returns information that appears on the website.
Online Booking
For certain products and services, such as purchasing tickets for our special events, we offer online booking systems on our event websites. We store customer information within the on-line booking systems for 5 years as outlined in our Data Retention Register.  We will always request active consent for marketing purposes.
Calling our Reservations
The Fota Collection does collect Calling Landline Identification (CLI) for reporting purposes. We may record or retain phone conversations for training and quality purposes.
Emailing us
Any emails sent to us are recorded and forwarded to the relevant section. The sender’s email address will remain visible to all staff tasked with dealing with the query. Please be aware that it is the sender’s responsibility to ensure that the content of their emails is within the bounds of the law. Unsolicited material of a criminal nature will be reported to the relevant authorities and blocked.
Guest Feedback
"The Fota Collection” receives guest feedback verbally, in written letters, by email and on social media platforms.  All guest feedback can be directed to the general managers:
The General Manager
The Kingsley
Victoria Cross
Cork
T12 P680
Tel: +353 21 480 0500
Email: info@thekingsley.ie
The General Manager
Fota Island Resort,
Fota Island,
Cork,
T45 HX62
Tel: + 353 (0)21 488 3700
Email: info@fotaisland.ie
Feedback not received on email, will be transferred to our email platform.
Guest feedback will be distributed internally by the general managers for the following purposes:
To share the feedback internally to motivate staff
To follow up on guest feedback where further action is required.
Customer data will only be shared on a necessity basis if an investigation is required.
Once all further actions are completed, the files will be kept by the General Manager for a period of 3 years.
Retention periods
The information you share with us when using our services; will be kept by “The Fota Collection” in alignment with our Data Retention Register.  We will store guest profiles for 5 years.
Disclosure
As far as possible, we will not disclose personal data without consent. However, when we receive guest feedback we may need to share personal information with the other parties concerned. We will not disclose your personal data to third parties except in instances where an individual has consented to the disclosure, or we are obliged by law to disclose the data. Third parties to whom we may disclose information include organisations such as An Garda Síochána.
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TripAdvisor
Blog Feed
Google+
Pinterest
YouTube
More...