http://www.foxrivertrailrunners.org/privacy-policy/
Search
Fox River Trail Runners - P.O. Box 371, Geneva, IL 60134
Privacy Policy
You are here:
Home
Privacy Policy
Introduction
This document sets out the policies of Fox River Trail Runners regarding the protection of the rights of persons to privacy. Its purpose is to explain to contacts and all others who deal with Fox River Trail Runners what types of personal information Fox River Trail Runners collects and how that information is used.
This policy reflects no commitment by, nor is it binding upon any party or parties other than Fox River Trail Runners.
At times, Fox River Trail Runners collects certain personal information about people with whom it deals, either in their personal capacities or as representatives of client institutions, suppliers or other businesses. Such people are referred to in this policy as “Fox River Trail Runners’ contacts” or as simply as “contacts”.
Fox River Trail Runners collects identifiable personal data as well as non-identifiable personal information. Items of identifiable personal information, such as names and contact details, are collected and used as a matter of course in Fox River Trail Runners’ daily work. Often a person’s identifiable personal information includes the role or roles the person plays on behalf of his or her employer in the employer’s business relationship with Fox River Trail Runners.
Confidentiality
Fox River Trail Runners respects the privacy of the individual and undertakes to protect the confidentiality of personal information about contacts that is supplied in the course of business relationships with Fox River Trail Runners. Fox River Trail Runners undertakes to use personal information solely for the purposes described above, and will not otherwise, unless legally obliged to do so, provide personal information to third parties.
The Fox River Trail Runners protects your personal information with industry standard security measures. In addition to normal precautions such as physical security and software/hardware firewalls, we have and adhere to strict internal security policies.
Reservation of Rights
Fox River Trail Runners reserves the right to disclose personal information in its possession where it is required to do so by law or to exercise its legal rights or to defend itself against legal claims.
Fox River Trail Runners reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy. Where a major change is made, contacts will be informed by e-mail notification or through a notice on our website. Contacts bear the responsibility to read the changes.
Collection of Personal Data
Fox River Trail Runners collects personal data about contacts. Contacts include those employees of client institutions with whom Fox River Trail Runners will deal in the normal course of business. This information is collected when institutions first procure services from, or enter into a service agreement with Fox River Trail Runners, when they instruct Fox River Trail Runners, as their provider or Agent, to provide services or undertake service procurement or other actions on their behalf. Contacts also include persons within supplier and other organizations with which Fox River Trail Runners has a business relationship – i.e. persons that suppliers, including self-employed consultants and contractors, or other organizations such as government departments or statutory bodies have appointed to deal with Fox River Trail Runners.
Fox River Trail Runners does not collect personal information about end users of client institution’s networks.
Use of Personal Data
Fox River Trail Runners uses personal information to ensure effective business communications with contact persons and/or client institutions, suppliers and other organizations with which Fox River Trail Runners has dealings.
In its capacity as the agent of client institutions, Fox River Trail Runners provides personal information about contact persons of client institutions to suppliers, where the supplier needs to use this information to communicate directly with the client institution. Similarly, Fox River Trail Runners provides contact details of suppliers’ personnel to client institutions where this is needed for the furtherance of the business relationship.
The Fox River Trail Runners may collect other types of anonymous data from website users through the use of “cookies,” which are text files that a website places on the hard drive of your computer indicating what pages you visited. When you return to the website, your browser sends that information back to the site. Fox River Trail Runners may use the information provided by cookies to analyze trends, administer the site, or for research and marketing purposes.
Scroll