http://www.afana.com/privacy
Skip to main content
Toggle navigation
AFANA
Donate
Forums
Log in
TV and Radio
TV Times
General TV Info
Radio Coverage
AFL Fixtures
AFL Schedule
AFL Standings
Marsh Community Series Schedule
AFLW Schedule
AFLW Standings
AFL International Cup 2017
What's Footy?
What is Australian Football?
Q and A about Footy
Table Top Guide to AFL
Footy FAQ (v2.7)
AFL Terminology - Definitions
AFL Rules
Contests
Top 4 Tipping Signup
Top 4 Tipping Results
Weekly Tipping Signup
Weekly Tipping Results
AFANA Central
Contact us
What is AFANA?
Organization and Contact Info
Principles
Privacy Policy
Advertise on AFANA
Volunteers Needed
Terms and Conditions of Use
GF Party Planners News
Gallery
TV Schedule (USA & Canada)
General Info on TV Coverage
AFL Radio over the Net
Privacy Statement for AFANA.com
Privacy Statement
Revised May 2018; September 2019.
This is the web site of The Australian Football Association of North America, Inc.
Our postal address is
PO Box 27623
Columbus, OH 43227-0623
We can be reached via e-mail at: aussiefb [at) afana [ dot } com
We respect the privacy of fans, our customers, and members. Therefore, we want everyone to know the following:
We value your privacy as we do our own. We do not disclose the personal information, e-mail addresses, or IP addresses of anyone who posts on this site to outside organizations or persons except upon receipt of a legally valid order from a court or for resolution of technical issues (such as to our web services partners). We do not conduct business in the European Union but this site is accessible worldwide. However with respect to EU privacy laws, any user, regardless of where situated, may request us to remove any personal information residing on this site or in our data files and we will do so. Please read the guidelines and limitations on that removal below. Such removal may result in the user's inability to interact with this site. As part of our data retention policy and for security purposes, we may delete accounts that have been inactive for more than two years and where the user has never engaged in any meaningful activity.
Our web server automatically collects some information about visitors to our web site when a request is made by a visitor for a web page. This includes the IP address and/or domain name (the IP address is a number that is used by computers on the Internet to identify the computer of the visitor. This is so that data such as the web pages requested can be sent.)  We collect only the domain name or IP address, but not the e-mail address of visitors to our web pages. We collect information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations and e-mail addresses of those who voluntarily subscribe to our newsletters, enter our contests, or submit Grand Final party information. We track visits to our web pages via Google however visitors may block or opt out of that tracking with no impact to their ability to use this site.
We will only use IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer our web site, and to gather broad demographic information about users in a particular geographic area. We log the host name of computers to our secure files which are available only to the webmaster, senior officers, and those managing our servers.  The information we collect is used to improve the content of our site, used to customize the content and/or layout of our pages for each individual visitor, and shared in summary form with other reputable organizations for purposes of joint marketing. If illegal or impermissible activity is detected, the IP address will also be used to ban access to this site from that IP address. When such information is provided to outside organizations, for example the number of visitors to a particular page at this site, it does not identify individuals.
This information collected by this site does not however, contain anything that can identify individual visitors or users on a personal basis including the e-mail address unless you choose to provide it.  However, certain areas of our site, such as registered access, some contact forms, and Grand Final party submissions require your valid e-mail address and telephone number for registration purposes in order to ensure a safe site for all visitors.  Your valid registration information is also required if you wish to post information to this site.  (This is done to limit spammers and for security purposes.)  We may use your e-mail address to contact registered users of this site on a periodic bases. Individual users access to particular web pages on this site may be identifiable by their IP address or site registration. This data is not used for any other purpose and is not disclosed to 3rd or outside parties except as needed to resolve technical issues. It is never disclosed for marketing purposes.
If visitors to our site harass other visitors, use inappropriate language, make threats of harm to another individual, attempt to enter secure areas of the site, or attempt to obtain private information, we may use IP addresses, domain names, or e-mail addresses in order to ban users from further access to our system.  We do this to protect the privacy of everyone and security of our system.
We do not collect "cookies" or similar web related data except to save configuration information for users of this site including our forums (bulletin board), photo gallery, TV schedules, and any page where user specific configuration is needed.  We use cookies in these areas to store visitors' preferences, customize web page content based on visitors' browser type or other information that the visitor sends. We may also use cookies to keep track of the current state of your "session" or ordering information for purchases. Session cookies are discarded after your visit is complete and / or are logged out. In addition to the cookies that may be generated by this site, please also be aware of the following:  We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (this does not include your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please contact us at the above e-mail address or postal address.
We publish various newsletters and maintain various mailing lists. If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by following the unsubscribe information in our newsletters and other e-mail notices or contacting us at the above e-mail address. You may be requested to provide your e-mail address so that we can locate it and delete it from our mailing list(s). You may also set your "notification" preferences for the web site on your "My account" page accessible from the menu. Even if you unsubscribe from most notices, you may still receive notices from us if it involves security or other changes to this site affecting your use such as this policy. Only by completely removing your account will these notices discontinue.
If you voluntarily supply us with your postal address, e-mail address, or telephone numbers on-line and you so consent, you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on Australian football, Australian football related products and services, upcoming events, or requests for financial support. If you do not wish to receive such mailings or contact, please let us know by e-mailing us at the above address, or writing to us at the above address, and by setting the appropriate preferences on your account on this site as referenced above.
If you contact us to have any information removed from our files, please provide us with your exact name and full address or e-mail address, and user name (if applicable). We will be sure your name is removed from our lists.
With respect to Ad Servers:  we partner with or have special relationships with several ad server companies at this time including Google Adsense, clixGalore, and LinkShare. We do not provide Google or any other ad server company with any information on individual users except tracking information and pages visited. Unless you click on an advertising link, the only information transmitted to advertising suppliers is that there was a visit to this site. No personal information is transmitted to them by us. We participate in the Google Adsense service and registered, logged in users, may have their user status (security level) transmitted to Google. This does not identify individuals but prevents administrative users from being including in statistical analysis. As part of the Google Adsense service you may receive the DoubleClick cookies from their server. Please note the following: (1) Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on this site; (2) Google's use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visit to this site and other sites on the Internet; and (3) Users may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
We have affiliate relationships for marketing purposes with these companies:  Fox Sports Australia, WatchAFL Global. Clicking on our sales links for products of those companies may redirect you to one of their servers. We receive compensation for any sales that result from such links however we do not share any of your private information with them and they do not share any personal information you provide to them with us.
We carry paid advertisements from various advertisers including Google. Other advertisers may appear from time to time. We do not share any individual user information with these companies. We do provide them with collective summaries of the frequency their advertisements are displayed and how many users click their advertisements. Should you click any of these advertisements any information disclosed to them would be governed by their site policies and you should review them at their sites.
We have a marketing relationship with these companies:  WatchAFL Global, DubPies. No information we receive as a result of these relationships is shared with them without prior disclosure. Some joint efforts, such as contests may result in your information being made available to them solely for the purposes disclosed, such as the awarding of prizes. You consent to our disclosure of the information you provide for such contests to them by submitting your entry to the contest or drawing.
If you choose to donate or become a member, you may be asked to disclose personal information in order to complete that process. The process may also require disclosure of certain information to our payment processor PayPal. Other than your email address, and mailing address, PayPal does not provide us with your payment details. Contact PayPal for their privacy policy.
We will not disclose any member's or customer's personal data (such as street address or e-mail address) we may have to outside companies, third parties, or individuals and we use it only for internal purposes. We do not distribute, share, or sell our mailing list to the public but we may share portions of it to other members for purposes directly related to Australian football and under our control. We may also use it for our own purposes in promoting Australian football or sharing with fans information related to the sport. Aggregate data, such as the distribution of ages of our site users or a summary of locations our site users may be used by ourselves or our partners without prior notice. Any such use will not identify individuals. However, upon receipt of a certified order of a court of law, information on any user may be disclosed in order to comply with said order.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in this privacy notice. You may always opt out of receiving any future mail from us or future use of this site as noted above.
Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by e-mailing us at the above address, or writing us at the above address.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to a description of information that we maintain about them. Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information, financial information, or transaction information regarding themselves that we may have. Consumers can have this information corrected by sending us e-mail at the above address, or writing to us at the above address. In order to complete your request we may ask for additional clarifying information in order to ensure we complete your request properly (and only for that purpose), e.g. if your name is common we may ask for an e-mail address in order to ensure we have the correct "Bill Williams".
With respect to security: To the extent possible, we use secure web technologies whenever you access this site including HTTPS, HSTS, and TLS. When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial information, we redirect visitors to a secure server (including those of PayPal.com) and will notify visitors via their browser and notices on our site. We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site. No sensitive data is stored in a form or location accessible to the public. We contract with third parties for provision of services such as web site hosting and as such we monitor their privacy and security activities but cannot be responsible for any failures on their part.
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 18. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with such information without their consent, he or she should contact us via the contact page. If we become aware that a child under 18 has provided us with personal information, we will delete such information from our files. If, as a parent, you allow your child to register at this site, that constitutes your permission to disclose identifying information.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number.
This notice was revised on  6 September, 2019 and is effective as of that date. We reserve the right to change this policy without notice to individual users or members. Any revision will apply to all users thirty (30) days following the posted date. Per the above procedures any user may opt out of future revisions within the thirty day period however doing so may prevent future use of our site. Previous versions of this policy are archived and available upon request.
Article last changed on Friday,
September 06,
2019 - 3:50 PM EDT
Editorial
Recent content
AFL Finals - Ten into Eight doesn’t GoTue, 09/15/2020 - 9:00 AM
Winged Eagles Down SaintsThu, 09/10/2020 - 10:03 AM
Giants Awaken in the WestSat, 08/29/2020 - 9:47 AM
Another Celebrity ConvertSat, 08/22/2020 - 5:49 PM
Docker Defenders Stop SwansSat, 08/22/2020 - 12:00 PM
Eagles Cruise Over HawksSun, 08/16/2020 - 9:59 AM
Dockers Charge At HawksMon, 08/10/2020 - 1:04 PM
Hot Dockers Shock PiesSun, 08/02/2020 - 11:28 AM
Wet Cats Whip DockersTue, 07/28/2020 - 1:29 AM
Show Time In The WestMon, 07/27/2020 - 12:27 AM
Partners
Worldfootynews.com
Official Statistics Partner of AFANA
See Every AFL Match
On Your TV or Device!
Subscribe to WatchAFL and see every Aussie Rules match live or delayed! Subscribe at .
Do you need meat pies
for your party?
Down Under Bakery Pies
Official Pie Sponsor of AFANA
Is it really Aussie Rules if there are no pies?
We Recommend
iHerb.com
Need Vitamins or Supplements? We recommend iHerb.com for the lowest prices and highest quality products. All major brands.