http://www.whitepinetouring.com/privacy-policy.php
Home / Privacy Policy
White Pine Touring Privacy Policy
Whitepinetouring.com and rentals.jans.com will not sell, share, trade, or give away any personal information that we receive regarding our customers.
We are committed to protecting your privacy. Please read on for more details about our privacy policy.
Share
Tweet
What information do we collect and how do we use it?
When you book a guided tour or lesson, we need to know your name, e-mail address, mailing address, billing address, credit card number, expiration date, and security code. This allows us to process your booking and to notify you of your order status.
We may also use the information we collect to occasionally notify you about important functionality changes to whitepinetouring.com, new services, special offers, and events we think you'll find valuable.
How do we protect your information?
When you book guided tours and lessons or access your account information, we offer the use of a secure server. The secure server software (SSL) encrypts all personal information you input before it is sent to us. Furthermore, all of the customer data we collect is protected against unauthorized access.
Whitepinetouring.com and rentals.jans.com have passed rigorous safety tests and endure periodic vulnerability scans to ensure the security of all payment card information. All payment card information is securely protected from fraud and identity theft. We are fully compliant with PCI and CISP.
As you browse whitepinetouring.com and rentals.jans.com and other websites, online ad networks we work with may place anonymous cookies on your computer, and use similar technologies, in order to understand your interests based on your (anonymous) online activities, and thus to tailor more relevant ads to you. If you do not wish to receive such tailored advertising, you can visit this page to opt out of tailored advertising from online sellers. (This will not prevent you from seeing ads; the ads simply will not be delivered through these targeting methods.)
Your consent:
By using whitepinetouring.com and rentals.jans.com, you consent to the collection and use of this information. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Tell us what you think:
We welcome your questions, comments, or concerns about privacy. If you have any questions, please email us at experts@whitepinetouring.com
Contact Corporate
Jans Mountain Outfitters
1600 Park Avenue
P.O. Box 280
Park City, Utah 84060
Local Phone: 435-649-8710
Corporate Phone: 800-745-1020
Fax: 435-649-7511
E-Mail: experts@whitepinetouring.com or cs@jans.com