http://www.iaaf.org/terms-and-conditions
Introduction
Next Events
Register
Outbreak Prevention Tools
Introduction
Areas
Development Community
ATC's
All
News
Press Releases
Report
Previews
Features
Series
Register for Press Releases
Competitions Home
Our Competitions
Calendar & Results
Tickets
Hosting
Competition Performance Ranking
Athletes Home
World Rankings
Profiles
Awards
Spikes
Athletes' Representatives
Transfer of Allegiance
Athletes Commission
Our Sport Home
Rules & Regulations
Heritage
Intro
Event Ranking
Ranking Rules
Competition Performance Ranking
Calendar
Stats Zone Home
Calendar & Results
Toplists
Records
Send Competition Results
World Rankings
Road To Tokyo
All
Lifestyle
Performance
Culture
Constitution & Book of Rules
Strategic Plans and Reports
Member Federation Resource Centre
Technical Information
Anti Doping
Health & Science
Research Centre
Education
Congress
Council
Commissions
Season Top Lists
All time Top lists
Records by Type
Records by Event
Certified Road Events
Home of World Athletics
World Athletics Terms & Conditions
Share
Tweet
Email
WEBSITE – TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Introduction
This Website (“worldathletics.org”) is owned and operated by World Athletics (formerly International Association of Athletics Federations) whose registered office is at 6-8, Quai Antoine 1er, BP 359, MC 98007 Monaco Cedex.
You are asked to read these terms and conditions of use (the “Terms and Conditions”) carefully.  By accessing this Website and/or any of its pages you confirm your agreement with and understanding of the following Terms and Conditions and the legal information relating to both this Website and any material on it.  If you do not agree to these Terms and Conditions, do not access this Website. In addition, when using services on the Website, you shall be subject to any posted guidelines or rules applicable to such services that may be posted on the Website from time to time. All such guidelines or rules are incorporated by reference into these Terms and Conditions.
These Terms & Conditions were produced in October 2018. The World Athletics reserves the right to change these Terms and Conditions at any time without notice to you. You are therefore responsible for regularly reviewing these Terms and Conditions. Continued use of this Website following any such changes shall constitute your acceptance of such changes.
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, “we", "our" and "us" refers to the World Athletics while references to “you” and “your” refers to the persons accessing this Website (including persons who access this site on the behalf of other persons).
Copyright, Trade Marks etc.
The copyright and all other rights, whether intellectual property or other rights, in the material on the Website are owned by the World Athletics or are included with the permission of the owner of the rights.
You may download a single copy of the material on the Website on a single computer for your own private viewing/listening purposes only.
Single copies of pages from the Website may be printed out for the sole purposes of enabling the person printing the page to retain a copy for their own personal records.
No copying or distribution of material on the Website for any commercial or business use is permitted without our prior written consent.
No photography, filming, broadcast, alteration or modification of the pages of the Website is permitted without our prior written consent except as may be reasonably necessary to use the Website in good faith.
All World Athletics trade marks (whether registered or unregistered) and graphics, logos, designs, page headers and button icons are the intellectual property rights of the World Athletics and neither they, nor any confusingly similar versions, may be used by you, including (but not limited to) as part of any trademarks, domain names and/or social media names or tags without the prior written consent of the World Athletics other than for the purpose of referring to the World Athletics and its associated brands lawfully and in good faith (only).
Prohibited use
You agree not to use the Website:
to create a database (electronic or otherwise) that includes material downloaded or otherwise obtained from the Website;
to place advertisements on the Website or use the Website for any other commercial purposes (which would include using the Website to promote or encourage the sale of your goods/services);
to place links on the Website where those links take users to unlawful material or material that breach these Terms and Conditions;
to send or re-circulate any material obtained from the Website to any third party except where expressly permitted on the Website;
in such a way to remove the copyright or trade mark notice(s) from any copies of any material made in accordance with these Terms and Conditions;
to place or send any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising, promotional materials, "junk mail," "spam," "chain letters," "pyramid schemes," or any other form of solicitation;
to place or send any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, damage, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment;
to place or send any material which is or may infringe the rights (including intellectual property rights) of any third party or be unlawful, threatening, defamatory, obscene, indecent, offensive, pornographic, abusive, liable to incite racial hatred, discriminatory, menacing, scandalous, inflammatory, blasphemous, in breach of confidence, in breach of privacy, which may cause annoyance or inconvenience or may restrict or inhibit the use of the Website by any person or which constitutes or encourages conduct that may be considered a criminal offence or give rise to civil liability in any country in the world;
to place or send any material which compromises the privacy or security of anyone other than yourself;
to place or send any material which does or may bring the World Athletics or any of its brands into dispute or in any way damage their reputation;
to place or send any material where use of the material by the World Athletics, or any third party licensed or permitted by the World Athletics, will give rise to any third party claims; or
to post link(s) that take users to material that breaches any of the above restrictions.
User Generated Content
The pages of the Website where you are permitted to post content are provided for your private, non-commercial exchange of lawful, relevant, fair and appropriate information, opinions and comment.  Use of the Website that is inconsistent with those stated purposes is strictly prohibited. By submitting any content to the Website, you:
grant the World Athletics the right to use such content and all material embodied in that content for any purposes including, without limitation, to edit, copy, reproduce, translate, disclose, post and/or remove such content from the Website and waive all of the moral rights that you may have in respect of any material you post to the Website;
contractually promise to the World Athletics that all such content complies with the provisions of section 3; and
acknowledge that the World Athletics may require you to confirm the above rights and agree to do so within 7 days of any request from the World Athletics.
The World Athletics reserves the right (but not the obligation) at its sole discretion to refuse, review, edit, move or remove any content that is posted to, or available on, the Website without the need to give any reasons for doing so.  However, the World Athletics will not review the materials that you or anyone else makes to the Website and therefore, unless we are specifically notified of the nature of any item of content, you cannot assume that the World Athletics is aware of it.
Use of Software
Copyright in any software that is made available for download from the Website and/or the World Athletics Materials (as defined below) belongs to the World Athletics or its suppliers. Your use of the software is governed by the terms of any licence agreement that may accompany or be included with it. Do not install or use any software unless you agree to such licence agreement.
Links from and to other websites
You acknowledge and agree that the World Athletics has no responsibility for the accuracy or availability of information, material or content provided by third party linked websites, or the content, performance, terms and conditions of use or the privacy policies or practices on such websites. Third party links provided solely for your convenience. If you use these links, you leave the Website. The World Athletics has not reviewed these third party websites in detail and does not control and is not responsible for these websites or their content or availability. If you decide to access any of the third party websites linked to the Website, you do so entirely at your own risk.
Links to other websites do not constitute an endorsement by the World Athletics of such websites or the content, products, or other materials or services presented on such websites. Information in the many webpages that are linked to the Website, and the applications and services available through the Website, comes from a variety of sources.
The World Athletics does not author, edit, or monitor the content, links, or services provided by third parties. THE World Athletics SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, FOR ANY DAMAGE OR LOSS CAUSED OR ALLEGED TO BE CAUSED BY OR IN CONNECTION WITH USE OF OR RELIANCE ON ANY SUCH CONTENT, PRODUCTS, OR OTHER MATERIAL AVAILABLE ON THE WEBSITE OR ON THIRD PARTY LINKED WEBSITES.
If you wish to establish a link to the Website, you expressly agree:
to ask prior written approval of the World Athletics to establish a link to the Website;
not to include the Website into the frame of another website and to create a direct link to the World Athletics's official Website;
not to create any third party association with the Website;
and to ensure that the link does not state or imply that the World Athletics sponsors or endorses any other website activity, company or entity, or presents the World Athletics and/or the sport of Athletics in a false, misleading, defamatory or derogatory manner.
The link to the Website does not permit you to use any World Athletics and/or third party content, names, logos, graphics, designs, page headers, button icons pictures or trademarks, unless separately agreed to in writing by the relevant rights-holder.
Registration
To access certain parts of the Website, the World Athletics may require you to register and provide certain information about yourself. Such registration shall be subject to, if any, specific terms of registration. Where you register, you confirm that you are 18 years of age or over and also agree to:
provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by the relevant registration form (such information being the "Registration Data"); and
maintain and promptly update the Registration Data to keep it fully up to date.
Where information (including sensitive financial or personal information) is provided to the World Athletics (whether directly through the Website or otherwise), you accept that these methods of communication cannot be 100% secure. Where sensitive financial information is provided to the World Athletics it uses encryption software to attempt to prevent unauthorised access to this information being obtained. The personal information provided by you to this Website and use of it by the World Athletics is subject to the World Athletics’s Privacy Policy.
Where you register for an account for the purposes of purchasing tickets to one of our Events you confirm you acknowledge and understand that there is no guarantee of or entitlement to a ticket. Registration is to give you the opportunity to purchase ticket(s) to our Events. You acknowledge that when making a purchase for tickets that you enter into a contract with our appointed ticket seller at your own risk and the World Athletics will bear no liability for that contract. Any ticket(s) purchased by you will be subject to the terms and conditions of the tickets you purchase that accompany or are included with the ticket(s). To process your registration and keep you informed about the Event(s) you have registered for we will pass your information to the relevant Organising Committee to the Event. Please see the World Athletics Privacy Policy.
Where you register for an account on the Website, you will be allocated a user name and password. These account details must be used solely by you; sharing your user name and password with any other person or making it available to multiple users on a network is strictly prohibited. Accordingly, you agree to:
maintain the security of your user name and password and be fully responsible for all use of the Website made using your user name and password;
immediately notify the World Athletics if you become aware of any unauthorised use of your user name and password or any other breach of security by sending an appropriately worded email to the contact details shown on the Contact section of the Website; and
ensure that you exit from your website account at the end of each session.
The World Athletics cannot and will not be liable for any losses, damages or costs arising from your failure to comply with these requirements.
Where you register for an account for the purposes of purchasing tickets to one of our events you confirm you acknowledge and understand that there is no guarantee of or entitlement to a ticket. Registration is to give you the opportunity to purchase ticket(s) to our events. You acknowledge that when making a purchase for tickets that you enter into a contract with our appointed ticket seller at your own risk and the World Athletics will bear no liability for that contract. Any ticket(s) purchased by you will be subject to the terms and conditions of the tickets you purchase that accompany or are included with the ticket(s).
Disclaimer
Whilst the World Athletics tries to ensure that the Website is normally available 24 hours a day, due to the inherent nature of the Internet, errors, interruptions and delays may occur in the service at any time. Accordingly, the Website is provided on an "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" basis without any warranties of any kind and we do not accept any liability arising from any interruption in availability.  Access to the Website may be suspended temporarily and without notice in the case of system failure, maintenance or repair or for any other reasonable cause.
You acknowledge that whilst the World Athletics tries to ensure that information on the Website and any related material provided to you by the World Athletics, whether by email or otherwise (the World Athletics Materials”), is accurate and complete, it is provided only for general information, is not intended to address your particular requirements and does not constitute any form of advice or recommendation by the World Athletics.
You acknowledge that the information on the Website does not necessarily reflect the views and opinions of the World Athletics or any of its brands and that the World Athletics Materials should not be relied upon by you in making (or refraining from making) any specific investment or other business or personal decisions and acknowledge that professional advice should be obtained before making any such decision.
You acknowledge that some of the content may be supplied by third parties and the accuracy and completeness of it will not have been checked by World Athletics.  No liability shall be accepted by the World Athletics for any inaccuracy or omission in the information provided on the Website or the World Athletics Materials.  All implied warranties are excluded from these Terms and Conditions to the extent that they may be excluded as a matter of law.
The World Athletics will use reasonable efforts to ensure that the Website and the World Athletics Materials do not contain or spread any viruses or other malicious code. However, it is recommended that you should virus check all such materials and regularly check for the presence of viruses and other malicious code. The World Athletics excludes fully permitted by applicable laws all liability in connection with any damage or loss caused by computer viruses or other malicious code originating or contracted from the Website or the World Athletics Materials.
The World Athletics will not be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of the profits) arising in contract, tort or otherwise from your use or inability to use the Website or any content or from any action taken (or refrained from being taken) as a result of using the Website or any content of it, including in respect of infringement of third party rights arising from the your use of the content.
The Website may contain links to third party websites where you may purchase items. You acknowledge that when making a purchase from a third party website you enter into a contract with that third party at your own risk and the World Athletics will bear no liability for that contract.  Please note that third parties may operate such shopping sites with reference to the name of the Website, but that does not mean that the World Athletics is responsible for their conduct or any contracts that you enter with them.
Suspension of access to the Website and User Indemnities
If, for any reason, the World Athletics believes that you have not complied with any of these Terms and Conditions, it may, at its sole discretion, suspend or cancel your access to all or some of the Website immediately and without giving you any notice.
Limitation of World Athletics's Liability
You expressly acknowledge and agree that the World Athletics shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages, including, but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data or other intangible losses (even if the World Athletics has been advised of the possibility of such damages), resulting from: (i) the use or the inability to use the Website; (ii) the cost of purchase of substitute goods and services resulting from any goods, data, information or services purchased or obtained or messages received or transactions entered into through or from the Website; (iii) unauthorised access to, or alteration of, your transmissions of data; (iv) statements or conduct of any third party on the Website; (v) results of the Website, any Website linked to it and any materials posted on it; or (vi) any other matter relating to the Website.
You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of, or related to, the use of the Website must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action first arose.
Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential damages. Accordingly, some of the above limitations of section 10 may not apply to you. Nothing in these Terms and Conditions shall affect the statutory rights of any consumer or exclude or restrict any liability for death or personal injury arising from the negligence or fraud of the World Athletics or any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
Competition terms and conditions
These rules (the “Rules”) apply to all competitions published on the Website. Depending on the nature of the competition, there may be additional rules imposed by us (or selected third parties) and each such offer may be subject to its own express terms and may not be available in all jurisdictions.
All entrants to a competition must comply with any age and/or other eligibility requirements set out in the Rules. Proof of age may be required before a prize-winner can claim a prize. The eligibility of any entrant is at the sole discretion of the World Athletics.
Only one entry per person and per household is permitted and spammers will be disqualified.
All entries must be made in accordance with the Rules and must be received by the World Athletics by the closing date.  Entries made otherwise shall be invalid. The World Athletics accepts no responsibility or liability for any lost, damaged or incomplete entries and all such entries will be deemed invalid. Proof of despatch shall not be proof of entry.
The World Athletics and the promoter reserve the right at its sole discretion to (without prior notice):
cancel the competition; and/or
to substitute the prize for another prize of equal value.
No purchase is necessary to enter the competitions unless otherwise stated on the promotional activity with a specific competition.
By entering the competition, the entrant agrees to be bound by the Rules and by any other requirements set out in the promotional material accompanying the promotion.
By entering the competition, the entrant agrees to these Terms and Conditions including the World Athletics Privacy Policy. In addition, the World Athletics may pass your personal information to the promoters and their data processors for the purposes of running the competition.  However, we will always take all appropriate steps to protect your information.
Prize-winners will be notified in writing within 6 weeks of the applicable closing date (or such other timeframe as is indicated on the Website). If a prize-winner fails to respond to claim his/her prize within 14 days of receipt of the notification, the World Athletics shall be entitled to select an alternative prize-winner. In such circumstances, the World Athletics shall use reasonable endeavours to notify the alternative prize-winner within nine weeks of the closing date (or such other timeframe as is indicated on the Website).
Competitions are open to all persons, except employees of the World Athletics, the promoter and their immediate families, the promoter’s advertising agency and sales promotion consultancy, and anyone else connected with the creation and administration of the competition.
The World Athletics's decision is final and no correspondence will be entered into. Odds of winning depend on the number of eligible entries received.
The World Athletics will not accept responsibility for loss through technical fault, incomplete, illegible or other damaged entries. Proof of entry is not automatically proof of receipt.
Prize-winners will receive their prize within 6 weeks of notification unless otherwise specified on the Website. The terms and conditions of any third party supplier may apply and must be accepted and complied with by a prize-winner to accept the prize.
The World Athletics will not be liable if a prize does not reach a prize-winner for any reason outside the control of the World Athletics or if a prize is damaged during delivery.
It is your responsibility to ensure that, when entering competitions which, if won, could result in time off work, your employer agrees to time off.  When dates are specified they cannot be altered.
Prizes are non-transferable, non-negotiable and no cash alternatives will be offered.
Depending on the nature of the prize, its use or enjoyment may be subject to further conditions or restrictions.
By entering the promotion, the winner(s) consent(s) to any publicity generated as a result of the promotion, and use on the Event Website at any time.
Where relevant, all taxes, insurances, transfers, spending money and other expenses (including meals or personal expenses upgrades etc.) are, unless otherwise specifically stated, the sole responsibility of the prize-winner.
Other than for death or personal injury arising from the negligence of the World Athletics, the World Athletics hereby excludes (so far as is permitted by law) all liability for any loss, damage, cost and expense, whether direct or indirect, howsoever caused in connection with any competition or any aspect of the prize.
General
These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with the laws of Monaco and the courts of Monaco shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute which may arise out of, under, or in connection with these Terms and Conditions unless World Athletics shall in its sole discretion elect to bring proceedings in the courts of the country of the user's residence or principal place of business.
The World Athletics have declared the processing of personal data submitted by you to this Website to the Commission de Contrôl des Information Nominatives, Monaco: https://www.ccin.mc/en/ and will hold process your personal data in accordance with the World Athletics Privacy Policy a copy of which can be found on this Website.
These Terms and Conditions (including the specific terms applicable to certain services), as varied by the World Athletics from time to time, form the entire understanding between us. Headings in these Terms and Conditions are for reference only and will have no legal meaning or effect.
No delay by the World Athletics in enforcing the provisions of these Terms and Conditions shall affect the World Athletics’s rights under them, nor shall any waiver of the World Athletics’s rights operate as a waiver of any following breach.
No right, power or remedy conferred upon or reserved for the World Athletics is exclusive of any other right, power or remedy available to the World Athletics provided either under these Terms and Conditions or as a matter of law and each such right, power or remedy shall be cumulative.
You may not assign sub-license or otherwise transfer any of your rights or obligations under these Terms and Conditions.
If any provision of these Terms and Conditions is found to be invalid, the invalidity of that provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms and Conditions, which shall remain valid and enforceable.
Nothing in these Terms and Conditions shall operate to exclude liability that cannot as a matter of law be excluded, and despite the limitations of liability set out above, our liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence shall not be excluded or limited in any way.
search