http://www.clevelandbay.com/privacy
Join Us | Login
| Links | Contact
Stallions
Breeders
Gallery
For Sale
Home
About
Support Groups
News
Downloads
Members
Merchandise
About CBHS
About the CBHS
Basic Society Information
Our Role
The Council
Committees
Limited Company
Performance Scheme
About CB Horses
History
Pure Breeders
QA (formerly Premium) Mares
Part Breds
Regulation
Breed Standards
Horse Assessors
Home » Data Protection & Privacy Policy
Data Protection & Privacy Policy
The Cleveland Bay Horse Society is committed to protecting your privacy and takes seriously our obligations as a data controller under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). We regard the lawful and correct treatment of personal data as fundamental to maintaining your trust and confidence. We fully endorse and adhere to the principles set out in the GDPR.
How do we collect information?
We obtain personal information when you make an enquiry; join us as a member or friend; donate to us; purchase merchandise, services or a passport from us: register a horse; or enter a CBHS sponsored show, event or performance scheme. We may also receive information about you from our supporters when they are fundraising.
What information do we collect?
As a company and a charity, we collect and control certain types of personal data about current, past and prospective members, employees, customers and suppliers. This may include the following categories of personal data:
Contact information including name, postal address, telephone number, email address;
Date of birth;
PayPal payment details;
Other information that may be told to us through correspondence or services we provide.
We also collect general information about the use of our website, such as which are the most popular pages or items, where website visitors come from and how long they spend on our site, including forums.
Security
The Cleveland Bay Horse Society takes appropriate measures to ensure that your personal information is kept secure, accurate, up to date and kept only for as long as is necessary for the purposes for which it is collected. We will not share your personal information with third parties for marketing purposes.
Data is always kept in a secure system whether manual or computerised to the best of our ability, and in accordance with our Information Security Policy.
PayPal automatically encrypts your confidential information in transit from your computer to PayPal's using the Secure Sockets Layer protocol (SSL) with an encryption key length of 128-bits (the highest level commercially available). Before you even register or log in to the PayPal site, their server checks that you're using an approved browser - one that uses SSL 3.0 or higher. Once your information reaches the PayPal site, it resides on a server that is heavily guarded both physically and electronically. PayPal servers sit behind an electronic firewall and are not directly connected to the internet, so your private information is available only to authorized computers.
How do we use your information?
We use your personal details to provide you with the information, merchandise, goods or services you have requested from us; to create your membership or contact records; to register or enter your horse(s), manage our payment processes and to carry out our charitable activities, including fundraising. We may analyse the information we collect to create a profile so that we can contact you with relevant information. We may need to share your personal information with our suppliers and government agencies for the purposes described above.
We control and process your personal data when we carry out any operation relating to that information such as altering or deleting it, accessing, downloading, reviewing or transferring it. We make no distinction between manual and electronic means.
The work we do in this context is for our own use, to meet the legitimate needs of running the Cleveland Bay Horse Society and to meet legal and contractual requirements. We will not transfer your personal data outside the EEA without adequate protection.
Individual Rights to Personal Data
The CBHS understands and endorses the concept of individuals’ rights to their personal data. This is information that relates to and identifies you as a living individual.
Your individual rights described in the GDPR are:
The right to be informed about what personal data is being processed;
The right to access your personal data;
The right to rectify your personal data;
The right to have your personal data erased;
The right to restrict processing of your personal data;
The right to data portability;
The right to object to processing of your personal data; and
The right not to be subject to automated decision-making including profiling.
Procedure to Access Personal Data
A request for access to your personal data should be made in writing to: The Cleveland Bay Horse Society, Great Yorkshire Showground, Harrogate, North Yorkshire, HG2 8NZ.
On receipt of a request we will provide copies of all data that we are obliged to disclose within 28 days of receipt of the request being received by the Data Protection Officer.
Any inaccuracy, or request to rectify, restrict processing or erase your personal data should also be brought to our attention in writing at the address above.
If you have any queries about how CBHS uses your personal information or this privacy policy, please contact The Cleveland Bay Horse Society, Great Yorkshire Showground, Harrogate, North Yorkshire, HG2 8NZ or email: info@clevelandbays.co.uk
Registered Charity Number: 293872. Data Protection & Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy
Website Design Harrogate | Extreme