https://www.slowtwitch.com/privacy.html
Swim
Bike
Run
Slowtwitch.com
Subscribe >
Shop >
Slowtwitch.com
Search
menu
x
Advanced Search
Logo
Twitter
Vimeo
Facebook
Youtube
Knowledge Base
Advanced Search
Search
Products
Running Footwear
Cycling Footwear
Wetsuits
Components
Electronics
Lights
Saddles
Handlebars
Tri Bike
Things that Roll
Archive
Local Listing
Running Stores
Bike Shops
Coaches
Fitter's Database
Triathlon Clubs
Race Calendar
Map of Everything
Your Local Listings
Articles
News
Features
Lifestyle
Opinion
Interviews
Tech
Training
Bike Fit
Gravel
Indoor
Races
Race Calendar
RD Aids
coaching
Slowtwitch coaching
Coaches Directory
Training
Beginner
General Training
General Physiology
Swimming
Running
Cycling
Training Log
Bike Fit
General
Equipment and tools
Geometry & Handling
Choosing via Stack/Reach
Road Bike Fit
F.I.S.T. Workshops
F.I.S.T. Tri Bike System
STEM Calculator
Bar to HT Calculator
TRI Geometry Calculator
Stack/Reach Database
Fitter's Database
Fitter's Forum
Forum
Home > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
By Dan Empfield
Tue Sep 18 2007
Information we gather
The information we gather falls into two categories: 1) personal information you voluntarily supply when you complete a survey, register as a user on our FORUM, enter a contest or provide your e-mail address, and 2) tracking information collected as you navigate through our sites (cookies).
What Are Cookies?
Cookies are small text files that are stored in your device’s browser when you visit a website. Cookies make it possible to recognize you as the same user across one or more browsing sessions, and across one or more websites.
We and third parties use cookies for a variety of purposes, including remembering your sign-in credentials and preferences so that you do not have to input them each time you log in; allowing us and third parties to customize your experience, including by determining the most relevant content and advertisements to show you on our websites and elsewhere online; and allowing us and third parties to monitor site traffic and performance.
Use of Information
If you have registered or signed up on Slowtwitch, we will not sell, rent, swap or authorize any third party to use your email address without your permission. This also applies to any information that personally identifies you, except as noted immediately below.
We may disclose personal information if we are required to do so by law or we in good faith believe that such action is necessary to (1) comply with the law or with legal process; (2) protect and defend our rights and property; (3) protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our website(s); or (4) protect the personal safety or property of our users or the public (among other things, this means that if you provide false information or attempt to pose as someone else, information about you may be disclosed as part of any investigation into your actions).
We do, however, share information about our audience in aggregate form. For example, we may want to know how long the average reader spends on our site, or which pages or features get the most attention.
Slowtwitch may perform statistical analyses of readers and their reading patterns for product development purposes and to generally inform advertisers about the nature of our subscriber base.
We may use demographic and preference information to allow advertising on our Web sites to be targeted, in aggregate, to the users for whom they are most pertinent.
Internet Based Advertising
Some of the ads you see on this web site are tailored to your interests and based on your activity online or in the applications on your mobile device. This type of ad tailoring — sometimes called "interest-based" or "online behavioral" advertising — is enabled through various technologies, including browser cookies, mobile advertising identifiers as well as other non-cookie technologies.
To help protect your privacy, we are committed to providing you transparency and choice for these activities.
For more information and to opt-out of interest-based advertising, please visit: http://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1#!/
Forum Use
Any information you disclose when posting to our FORUM, along with your message board screen name or ID, becomes public, and Slowtwitch has no control over how readers may use or treat what you post or divulge.
Email Correspondence
If, at any time, you prefer not to receive email newsletters or correspondence from us, simply follow the unsubscribe options at the bottom of each e-mail.
Amendments To This Policy
Our Privacy Policy may be amended from time to time. Any such changes will be posted on this Privacy Policy page.
Our Partners
B&W International |
BiSaddle |
CADEX |
Canyon |
Cervelo |
De Soto Sport |
DT Swiss |
ENVE |
HED Cycling |
Profile Design |
Quintana Roo |
ROKA Sports |
Schwalbe Tires |
Shimano |
Speedplay |
T1 Wetsuits |
The Pros Closet |
Wahoo Fitness |
Zwift
About Us
Advertise With Us
Privacy Policy
User Agreement
Twitter
Vimeo
Facebook
Youtube
Newsletter
Sign up for the Slowtwitch newsletter
17116 Bob's Gap Rd, Valyermo, CA 93563-0056661.944.5239slowman-AT-slowtwitch-DOT-com
Advertise with us
@1999-2020 Slowtwitch, Inc., and Slowtwitch.comReproduction of material from any Slowtwitch.com pagewithout written permission is strictly prohibited.