http://www.skicamelback.com/privacy/policy/privacy-policy/
Camelback’s Privacy PolicyThis is the website of:Camelback Mountain AdventuresOur postal address is:Camelback Mountain ResortPO Box 168Tannersville, PA 18372 Information Collected by our Website: For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes the consumer’s domain name and email address (where possible). We collect the e-mail addresses of those who post messages in our chat room, purchase online sales, and communicate with us via email. We also collect information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations. The information we collect is used to improve and customize the content and/or layout of our pages for each individual consumer. It is also used by us to contact consumers for marketing purposes and is stored in a database for our business mailing lists. The information is not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes. If you supply us with your postal address on-line, you will only receive the information for which you provided us your address. You may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events.Persons who supply us with their telephone number on-line may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed online or information regarding new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not want to receive email, mail or phone callsl from us in the future, please let us know by clicking “unsubscribe” or emailing us via the “contact us” form on the website.Aggregate Information Aggregate information is non-personally identifiable/anonymous information about you, such as age, gender, types of products purchased, pages you access most frequently, or search terms you enter. Aggregate information is used in a collective manner, and no single person can be identified by that compiled information. For example, the number of people who shopped at our website who are 25 years of age is aggregate information that does not personally identify a specific user. Tracking Internet Protocol (IP) addresses is one method of collecting aggregate information about your activities online and information volunteered by you. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you surf the Web. The computers that deliver the Web pages to you automatically identify your computer by its IP address. When you request a page from our site, our servers log your IP address. Camelback Mountain Adventures may share aggregate information with third parties for advertising and promotional purposes. Camelback Mountain Adventures does not share, sell, or trade with third parties your personal information, such as e-mail addresses, information collected as a part of a survey, or specific details about you. We do not contribute to or participate in cooperative databases that give other companies access to your personal information. Security and SSL Protecting your order information is a priority for us. We use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to protect the security of your online order information. To check the security of your connection, look at the lower left-hand or right-hand corner of your browser window after accessing the e-commerce server. If you see an unbroken key or a closed lock (depending on your browser), then SSL is active and the server is secure. You can also double-check by looking at the URL line of your browser. When accessing a secure server, the first characters of the site address will change from “http” to “https.” Some versions of browsers and some firewalls do not permit communication through secure servers. In that case, you may not be able to connect to the server and therefore may not be able to place an order through an insecure connection. If you cannot access the secure server for any reason, please place your order by phone at (570) 629-1663. Children and Privacy Camelbeach Mountain Waterpark is concerned about the safety of children when they use the Internet. We encourage parents and guardians to spend time with their children online and to be familiar with the sites their children visit. We will never knowingly request personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 without prior verifiable parental consent. If we become aware that a customer is under the age of 13 and has submitted personal information to us without prior verifiable parental consent, we will remove his or her personally identifiable information from our files. Links to Other Sites Occasionally we provide links to other sites we think you will enjoy. These sites operate independently of Camelback Mountain Adventures and have established their own privacy and security policies. For the best online experience, we strongly encourage you to review these policies at any site you visit. Updates to Our Information Practices We are always looking for ways to improve our site’s features and services – and to improve the way we communicate our information practices. As a result, this statement is updated from time to time. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on privacy policies.Ticket Holder Photo PolicyThe person using a ticket to Camelback Mountain Resort, Camelbeach and Camelback Mountain Adventures grants permission to Camelback Resort to use his/her image in advertising and promotional materials without prior notification and without payment to the ticket holder.Site Monitoring This site is being monitored by one or more third-party monitoring software(s), and may capture information about your visit that will help us improve the quality of our service. You may opt-out from the data that https://doublesmart.digital is collecting on your visit through a universal consumer options page located at https://doublesmart.digital/Unsub/unsub.html Updating cart contents...