https://www.byways-breaks.co.uk/privacy-policy
Menu
Home
Walking Holidays
Cycling Holidays
Anglesey
Cheshire
Shropshire
About Us
About our holidays
FAQs
Testimonials
Useful Information
News
Contact Us
How to Book
What is this Privacy Policy for?
This privacy policy governs the privacy of this website www.byways-breaks.co.uk and its users who choose to use it.
The policy sets out the different areas where user privacy is concerned and outlines the obligations & requirements of the users, the website and website owners. Furthermore, the way this website processes, stores and protects user data and information will also be detailed within this policy.
The Website
This website and its owners take a proactive approach to user privacy and ensure the necessary steps are taken to protect the privacy of its users throughout their visiting experience. This website complies with all UK national laws and requirements for user privacy.
Use of Cookies
This website uses cookies to better the user’s experience while visiting the website.
Cookies are small files saved to the user’s computer’s hard drive that track, save and store information about the user’s interactions and usage of the website. This allows the website, through its server to provide the users with a tailored experience within this website.
Users are advised that if they wish to deny the use and saving of cookies from this website on to their computers hard drive they should take necessary steps within their web browsers security settings to block all cookies from this website and its’ external serving vendors.
This website uses tracking software to monitor its visitors to better understand how they use it. This software is provided by Google Analytics which uses cookies to track visitor usage. The software will save a cookie to your computer’s hard drive in order to track and monitor your engagement and usage of the website but will not store, save or collect personal information. You can read Google’s privacy policy here for further information [http://www.google.com/privacy.html].
Other cookies may be stored on your computer’s hard drive by external vendors when this website uses referral programs, sponsored links or adverts. Such cookies are used for conversion and referral tracking and typically expire after 30 days, though some may take longer. No personal information is stored, saved or collected.
Contact & Communication
Users contacting this website and/or its owners do so at their own discretion and provide any such personal details requested at their own risk. Your personal information is kept private and stored securely until a time it is no longer required or has no use, as detailed in the General Data Protection Regulation 2016. Every effort has been made to ensure a safe and secure form to email submission process but advise users using such form to email processes that they do so at their own risk.
This website and its owners use any information submitted to provide you with further information about the products / services they offer or to assist you in answering any questions or queries you may have submitted. This includes using your details to subscribe you to any email newsletter program the website operates but only if your express permission was granted when submitting any form to email process.
Your details are not passed on to any third parties.
Email Newsletter
This website operates an email newsletter program, used to inform subscribers about products and services supplied by this website. Users can subscribe through an online automated process should they wish to do so but do so at their own discretion. Some subscriptions may be manually processed through prior written agreement with the user.
Subscriptions are taken in compliance with UK Spam Laws detailed in the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003. All personal details relating to subscriptions are held securely and in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation 2016. No personal details are passed on to third parties nor shared with companies / people outside of the company that operates this website. Under the General Data Protection Regulation 2016 you may request a copy of personal information held about you by this website’s email newsletter program. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please contact us.
Email marketing campaigns published by this website or its owners may contain tracking facilities within the actual email. Subscriber activity is tracked and stored in a database for future analysis and evaluation. Such tracked activity may include; the opening of emails, forwarding of emails, the clicking of links within the email content, times, dates and frequency of activity (this is by not a comprehensive list).
This information is used to refine future email campaigns and supply the user with more relevant content based on their activity.
In compliance with UK Spam Laws and the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003 subscribers are given the opportunity to unsubscribe at any time through an automated system. This process is detailed at the footer of each email campaign.
External Links
Although this website only looks to include quality, safe and relevant external links users should always adopt a policy of caution before clicking any external web links mentioned throughout this website.
The owners of this website cannot guarantee or verify the contents of any externally linked website despite their best efforts. Users should therefore note they click on external links at their own risk and this website and its owners cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any external links mentioned.
Adverts and Sponsored Links
This website does not contain sponsored links and adverts.
Social Media Platforms
Communication, engagement and actions taken through external social media platforms that this website and its owners participate on are custom to the terms and conditions as well as the privacy policies held with each social media platform respectively.
Users are advised to use social media platforms wisely and communicate / engage upon them with due care and caution with regards to their own privacy and personal details. This website, nor its owners, will ever ask for personal or sensitive information through social media platforms and encourage users wishing to discuss sensitive details to contact them through primary communication channels such as by telephone or email.
This website may use social sharing buttons which help share web content directly from web pages to the social media platform in question. Users are advised before using such social sharing buttons that they do so at their own discretion and note that the social media platform may track and save your request to share a web page respectively through your social media platform account.
Shortened Links in Social Media
This website and its owners through their social media platform accounts may share web links to relevant web pages. By default, some social media platforms shorten lengthy URLs (web addresses).
Users are advised to take caution and good judgement before clicking any shortened URLs published on social media platforms by this website and its owners. Despite the best efforts to ensure only genuine URLs are published many social media platforms are prone to spam and hacking and therefore this website and its owners cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any shortened links.
Resources & Further Information
General Data Protection Regulation
Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003 – The Guide
Twitter Privacy Policy
Facebook Privacy Policy
Google Privacy Policy
Enjoyable and varied walk with excellent organisation and choices of accommodation as on the southern section. Again we preferred private B & Bs to hotels/pubs for relaxing and friendliness, but...
Offa's Dyke Path walking holiday
We walked the North Wales Coast Path and Byways took a lot of trouble to make sure that our itinerary was well planned. All the B & Bs were very good and the luggage transfers worked perfectly. An...
JC - North Wales Coast Path
All accommodation was fabulous, friendly and interesting. Thank you for arranging a fantastic holiday for...
Nicky A, Australia
Overall a wonderful experience! Thank you so...
Tony and Christine W
OUr third trip with Byways and always been very pleased with the service and organising. Accommodation standards varied from 3 - 5* but all hosts very...
DP - Offa's Dyke
All very good places to stay - outstanding packed lunch from Aberhiraeth...
BB, UK. Glyndwr's Way walking holiday
Overall we really enjoyed the walk. It was challenging at times but rewarded by some fantastic views, beautiful countryside and places of interest. The signage is very good although inevitably you...
Offa's Dyke walking holiday
I thoroughly enjoyed this break,. Arrangements have been fantastic, B & B brilliant, friendly and helpful.... also Byways very good planning, and cycle routes easy to...
Liz C. Borders Break cycling holiday
Well organised, everything worked and nice contact via telephone. A great variety in B & Bs, each was special in its own way. The standard of meals has increased since our last stay in...
Glyndwr's Way
Thanks for providing such an efficient service. Everything worked well. The hosts at all the accommodations were lovely people - very...
HP - Offa's Dyke
About our Holidays
It's our local knowledge and attention to detail that helps to ensure your holiday runs smoothly and is thoroughly enjoyable
Explore our Holidays
Gift Vouchers
A UK cycling or walking holiday is a perfect gift personalised and used for any Byways Breaks UK holiday
Find out more
Accommodation Booking and Luggage Service
A flexible service for walkers on long distance walks including Offa's Dyke, Pembrokeshire Coast Path and more.
View more
Books and Maps for Cycling and Walking
We stock various guide books and maps for the trail walks we cover on our walkers accommodation and booking service
View all
Request a Byways Breaks Brochure
First Name*Last Name*Phone NumberEmail Address*
Address*How did you hear about us?How did you hear about us?Internet SearchMagazine AdvertPress - If so, which paperWord of MouthOtherIf other or press, please state whereConsent
CAPTCHA