http://www.flexiski.com/cookie-policy/
Destinations
your ski break
Destinations
Austria
Resorts
Bad Hofgastein
Kaprun
Kitzbuhel
Mayrhofen
Obergurgl
St Anton
Zell am See
See all Resorts
Canada
Resorts
Banff
Whistler
See all Resorts
France
Resorts
Avoriaz
Chamonix
Courchevel
La Clusaz
Les Arcs
Les Deux Alpes
Meribel
Tignes
Val d'Isere
Val Thorens
See all Resorts
Italy
Resorts
Courmayeur
Sauze d'Oulx
See all Resorts
Norway
Resorts
Geilo
Myrkdalen
Norefjell
Trysil
See all Resorts
Switzerland
Resorts
Andermatt
Champéry
Engelberg
Grindelwald
Wengen
See all Resorts
See all Destinations
Tailor-made Itineraries
Fancy skiing multiple resorts in one trip or adding a city stop off onto your ski break? Look no further.
Tailor-made Ski Itineraries
Inspiration
and advice
Blog
Advice
Bucket list
FAQs
Ski weekends
Multi-stop ski breaks
Ski chalets
Ski apartments
Group ski holidays
Corporate ski breaks
Luxury ski breaks
Affordable ski breaks
Ski Weekends
Limited by the time you can get away for? Don't want to travel on a Saturday? No problem. We're experts at planning short breaks & ski weekends.
Find out more
Offers
and guide pricing
Winter 2021/22
Groups
Canada
Japan
About
flexiski
In safe hands
The chalet experience
How to book with flexiski
Meet the team
Work for flexiski
Our partners
Press
Contact us
In safe hands
This winter, to give you extra peace of mind, we've put extra measures in place to help keep you and your money safe.
Find out more
WishlistYour favourite places
Search
Manage My Booking
Enquire
Menu
Wishlist
My booking
01483 791130
01483 791130
Open at 9:00am today
Wishlist
Enquire
Search
Search
My booking
We're now closed but you can still enquire online
Call us on 0330 332 2252
from 9:00am today
Contact us online
I want to discover somewhere new
1. Traveller type
Flying solo or bringing along the grand kids? Let us know so we can find the best options for you.
Couple
Family
Group
2. Ski ability
This isn't your opportunity to boast, we don't want to send you to an adrenalin junkies playground when you're still finding your ski legs.
Mixed ability
3. Holiday type
No need to select every option just a couple of the most desired to help us in our search for your perfect place.
Short breaks
Short transfer
Groups
Après
Ski in, ski out
Relaxing
Foodies
Families
Short breaks
Short transfer
Groups
Après
Ski in, ski out
Relaxing
Foodies
Families
Amaze me
Home
Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy
When you visit our websites we use cookies.
Cookies allow us to identify the computer or device you’re using to access our websites – but we can’t identify you personally. You can set up your web browser to refuse cookies, but this means you won’t be able to use all of its features.
By using our website, you agree to our Website Terms and Conditions. Take a look at our Privacy Policy to find our more on how we collect and use personal data.
What we use cookies for
Collecting information: This means we can learn more about how you use our website so we can improve our products and online experience.
Tailoring your experience: Cookies allow us to provide you with information, products and services that we think you’ll find interesting.
Making our marketing relevant: We can show you relevant offers and promotions on our own websites and through our advertising networks.
Email newsletters: If you receive our email updates, we tailor the information we send you based on the data our cookies have collected from your recent visits to our website. You can opt-out of this in any email we send.
The types of cookies we use
Here are the types of cookies our websites use and some more details about what they’re used for:
Application cookies: These cookies allow us to make sure you get the best possible experience on our website. They’re essential for you to be able to search and buy online with us.
Behavioural cookies: Behavioural Cookies help us provide you with an online experience that’s tailored to your needs. They help us show you the most relevant content, based on your preferences.
Analytical cookies: These cookies help us understand how our customers are using the website, so we can make things better. We also monitor which of our marketing activities generates traffic to our websites using cookies. We use this data to reward our partners if you make a booking with us.
Marketing Cookies: Marketing cookies can be used by us and our partners. They allow us to interact with you once you’ve left our website by showing you adverts for example to help you find the holiday that’s right for you. By using our websites, you agree to us using cookies as set out in our Statement on Cookies.
The lowdown on cookies
Read through this section for all you need to know about what cookies are and how we use them.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files placed on your computer by us or our partners. They let us identify the device you’re using but not you personally. This information is sent back to our systems as you move around our website.
Cookies are unique to the web browser you’re using so if you’re using a desktop computer as well as a mobile, different data will be collected for each. You can find more information on the About Cookies website www.aboutcookies.org
Cookies can be set by the owner of the website you’re on. These are known as 1st Party Cookies. There are also 3rd Party Cookies that can be set by partner websites. Only the owner of the cookie can see the anonymous information it collects. You can choose to accept all cookies, reject 3rd Party Cookies or reject all cookies by changing your internet browser settings. If you don’t accept cookies, some features of our website won’t work. For example, you won’t be able to make a booking.
How we use cookies
We may use cookies to find out more about how you use our website like the searches you make and your preferences. We use this information to:
Make it possible for you to use our website
Show you information and offers that are relevant to you
Find out more about how our customers use the site
Keeping track of your searches and preferences
Your recent searches and shortlisted resorts and hotels are recorded using cookies. If you’ve made a wishlist but you haven’t saved it by entering your email address, well store your shortlisted holidays using a cookie, so you’ll be able to see it when you visit us again using the same computer or device.
Improving your experience
We use cookies and software programmes to record, measure and analyse how our customers use our website. We use this information to understand what you want from our website, which helps us when we’re considering future products like flight routes and holidays. We can also find out how you move around our website, so we can look into any errors stopping you from being able to do what you want. The data we collect from cookies is really important for us to improve your experience.
Making your experience personal
When you’re on our website, we might interact with you or show you personalised information and offers anonymously. Cookies help us to do this by letting us know how you’re using our website on your particular computer or device, which means we can work out what’s most relevant to you. For example, we’ve got more than one million holidays available at any time, but we can use cookies to suggest things like holidays from your nearest airport, destinations you’ve shown interest in, or products you might like.
Receive our email newsletters
We link information from cookies with your email registration details so we can tailor the information we send you unless you tell us not to. You’ll be given the chance to opt-out on every email we send you.
Adverts on other websites
If you visit one of our partner sites, you might see an advert that’s relevant to what you searched for when you last visited our own site. We work with advertising networks who use cookies to collect information on your preferences, meaning we can show adverts tailored to you.
Refusing cookies and changing your mind after you’ve accepted
Refusing cookies
You can change your browser settings to accept or refuse all cookies, choose which cookies you want or don’t want, or ask to be notified when a cookie is set. Use the help feature in your browser to see how. Changing your mind after you’ve accepted our cookies If you change your mind after you’ve accepted our cookies, You’ll find an option within your internet browser to clear cookies that have already been set. Use the help feature in your browser to see how. You’ll then need to change your browser settings to refuse cookies in future.
More details on how to refuse cookies
Take a look at the websites of Pinsent Masons law firm www.aboutcookies.org or the Internet Advertising Bureau www.youronlinechoices.com for independent information on cookies including how to refuse or delete them from your computer or device.
Just so you know, you won’t be able to benefit from all the features of our website and email newsletters or book online with us if you refuse cookies.
Find out more on cookies
Take a look at these websites for more information on cookies:
Independent advicePinsent Masons law firm: www.aboutcookies.orgInternet Advertising Bureau: www.youronlinechoices.comInformation from our agencies and partnersGoogle Analytics: hhttps://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/analyticsjs/cookie-usage?csw=1
Newsletter signup
Keep up to date with all the latest flexiski news
Subscribe to newsletter