https://www.anz.co.nz/auxiliary/help/help/website-terms-use/
skip to log on
skip to main content
Website Terms of Use
About this website
ANZ Bank New Zealand Limited ("ANZ") welcomes you to this website, which is operated by ANZ ("ANZ website").
Your use of the information, graphics and materials on the ANZ website is governed by these Terms of Use and the Security and Privacy Statement.
All information included on the ANZ website is prepared by ANZ and ANZ is responsible for the material contained on the ANZ website.
Acceptance and Changes to ANZ website Terms of Use
You acknowledge and accept that your use of the ANZ website indicates your acceptance of the ANZ website Terms of Use and the ANZ website Security and Privacy Statement.
ANZ may at any time vary these Terms of Use. At least 14 days before we make any change we'll let you know what will change and the date it will take effect by publishing information about the change on the ANZ website. You accept that by doing this, ANZ has provided you with sufficient notice of the variation.
New Zealand products and services
The information contained on the ANZ website has been prepared under New Zealand law for the supply of these products and services in New Zealand only.
For information about our banking services if you are planning to emigrate to New Zealand, please see Moving to New Zealand.
ANZ website content
While we have made every effort to ensure that the information contained on the ANZ website is complete and accurate, we do not represent or warrant the accuracy or completeness of any information on the ANZ website or that this information is suitable for your intended use. The ANZ website contains some information provided to ANZ by third parties.  This information is provided for information only and ANZ is not responsible for the accuracy of such information.
To the extent permitted by law or as otherwise set out in the Electronic Banking Conditions of Use (PDF 128kB), ANZ accepts no responsibility or liability arising from or in connection with your use of the ANZ website and the information contained on it. Also, unless stated otherwise no information on the ANZ website is intended to constitute an offer to enter into any transaction or relationship, the promotion of any product or service other than those offered by ANZ in New Zealand, or to provide the basis of any credit.
ANZ will endeavor to keep this ANZ website as up-to-date as possible, but all information contained on our ANZ website is subject to change, including interest rates and fees. All information is current at the time of publication, but if you are unsure of the timeliness of any information, please consult an ANZ staff member before proceeding.
Intellectual property
ANZ holds all copyright and other intellectual property rights in the ANZ website and reserves all rights, except as set out in this disclaimer. You may electronically reproduce and store the contents of the ANZ website solely for the purposes of viewing the ANZ website, or saving ANZ website content, for your own personal use. You may not display or distribute the content of any of these pages in public or where the content is accessible to the public, including any reproduction in any form on the Internet, without permission from ANZ.
The ANZ website may contain a number of registered trademarks which are either owned by ANZ or used with the permission of the registered trade mark owners.
Links to the ANZ website
The ANZ website may contain links to other websites operated by third parties which are not monitored by ANZ (“Third Party websites”). ANZ does not endorse the information, material or graphics on those Third Party websites.ANZ accepts no responsibility for any information contained on Third Party websites.
Please do not create a link to any of the pages on the ANZ website without the prior permission of ANZ.
If you wish to create a link to any of the pages on this website:
Enquire online
Law of this website
The ANZ website is governed by, and is to be interpreted consistently with, New Zealand law.
Thomson Reuters legal notice
© Thomson Reuters 2011. All rights reserved.
Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. 'Thomson Reuters' and the Thomson Reuters logo are registered trademarks and trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies.
For additional information on other Thomson Reuters Services please visit the Thomson Reuters public web site: http://www.thomsonreuters.com/.
Top