http://www.heartcycle.org/privacy
Privacy Policy for www.HeartCycle.org
Introduction:
The site editor takes your right to privacy seriously, and wants you to feel comfortable using this web site. This privacy policy deals with personally-identifiable information (referred to as "data" below) that may be collected by this site. This policy does not apply to other entities that are not owned or controlled by the site editor, nor does it apply to persons that are not employees or agents of the site editor, or that are not under the site editor's control.
1. Collection of data
Registration for an account on this site requires a valid e-mail address that has not been chosen already in addition to other information. Please be aware that the e-mail address you provide and any other information you enter may render you personally identifiable, and may possibly be displayed on this web site intentionally (depending on choices you make during the registration process, or depending on the way in which the site is configured) or unintentionally (subsequent to a successful act of intrusion by a third party). As on many web sites, the site editor may also automatically receive general information that is contained in server log files, such as your IP address, and cookie information.
2. Use of data
Data may be used to customize and improve your user experience on this site. Efforts will be made to prevent your data being made available to third parties unless a service provided on our site requires interaction with a third party, or is provided by a third party, such as a registrar, board member or tour leader; In the event you choose to use links displayed on this web site to visit other web sites, you are advised to read the privacy policies published on those sites.
3. Editing or deleting your account information
You are provided with the ability to edit the information stored for your user account information during registration, by visiting the membership page. You can request that your user account be deleted; to do so, please contact the HeartCycle Registrar.
4. Changes to this privacy policy
Changes may be made to this policy from time to time. You will be notified of substantial changes to this policy either by through the posting of a prominent announcement on the site, and/or by a mail message sent to the e-mail address you have provided, which is stored within your user settings.
5. NO GUARANTEES
While this privacy policy states standards for maintenance of data, and while efforts will be made to meet the said standards, the site editor is not in a position to guarantee compliance with these standards. There may be factors beyond the site editor's control that may result in disclosure of data. Consequently, the site editor offers no warranties or representations as regards maintenance or non-disclosure of data.
6. Contact information
If you have any questions about this policy or about this web site, please feel free to contact the HearCycle Registrar.
Tours
How To Register For A Tour
What You Can Expect on a Tour
Selecting A Tour
Tour Ratings
How to Train for a Tour
Cycling Safety
Tour Policies
Ride Policies and Refund and Cancellation Policy
Tour Confirmation Policy
Tour Announcement & Registration Policy
Nutritional Guidelines and Dietary Restrictions
Guidelines for Tipping on a Tour
Members
Register for a Tour
Check Tour Status
Renew Membership
About HeartCycle
Announcements and News
Links to Other Sites
Membership
About Us
Newsletter Archives
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Contact Us