https://www.watchshopping.com/privacy-policy-cookie-restriction-mode/
Home
Privacy Policy
policies
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Welcome to our Privacy Policy
Your privacy is critically important to us.
Watchshopping.com, Inc. is located at:
Watchshopping.com, Inc.
555 Airport Blvd, Suite 480,
Burlingame, CA
94010
+1 (650)-419-9900
It is Watchshopping.com, Inc.’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website. This
Privacy Policy applies to www.watchshopping.com (hereinafter, "us", "we", or "www.watchshopping.com"). We respect your privacy and
are committed to protecting personally identifiable information you may provide us through the Website. We have adopted this privacy
policy ("Privacy Policy") to explain what information may be collected on our Website, how we use this information, and under what
circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties. This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect through the
Website and does not apply to our collection of information from other sources.
This Privacy Policy, together with the Terms and conditions posted on our Website, set forth the general rules and policies governing your
use of our Website. Depending on your activities when visiting our Website, you may be required to agree to additional terms and conditions.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Watchshopping.com, Inc. collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and
servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request.
Watchshopping.com, Inc.’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Watchshopping.com,
Inc.’s visitors use its website. From time to time, Watchshopping.com, Inc. may release non-personally-identifying information in the
aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Watchshopping.com, Inc. also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users
and for users leaving comments on http://www.watchshopping.com blog posts. Watchshopping.com, Inc. only discloses logged in user and
commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Watchshopping.com, Inc.’s websites choose to interact with Watchshopping.com, Inc. in ways that require
Watchshopping.com, Inc. to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Watchshopping.com, Inc.
gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up for a blog at http://www.watchshopping.com to
provide a username and email address.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of
electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot
guarantee its absolute security.
Advertisements
Ads appearing on our website may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to
recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your
computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most
interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Watchshopping.com, Inc. and does not cover the use of cookies by any
advertisers.
Links To External Sites
Our Service may contain links to external sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy and terms and conditions of every site you visit.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites, products or services.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Watchshopping.com, Inc. discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Watchshopping.com, Inc.’s behalf or to provide services available at Watchshopping.com, Inc.’s website, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Watchshopping.com, Inc.’s website, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Watchshopping.com, Inc. will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Watchshopping.com, Inc. discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Watchshopping.com, Inc. believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Watchshopping.com, Inc., third parties or the public at large.
If you are a registered user of http://www.watchshopping.com and have supplied your email address, Watchshopping.com, Inc. may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with Watchshopping.com, Inc. and our products. We primarily use our blog to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Watchshopping.com, Inc. takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Aggregated Statistics
Watchshopping.com, Inc. may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its website. Watchshopping.com, Inc. may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Watchshopping.com, Inc. does not disclose your personally-identifying information.
Affiliate Disclosure
This site uses affiliate links and does earn a commission from certain links. This does not affect your purchases or the price you may pay.
Cookies
To enrich and perfect your online experience, Watchshopping.com, Inc. uses "Cookies", similar technologies and services provided by others to display personalized content, appropriate advertising and store your preferences on your computer.
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Watchshopping.com, Inc. uses cookies to help Watchshopping.com, Inc. identify and track visitors, their usage of http://www.watchshopping.com, and their website access preferences. Watchshopping.com, Inc. visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Watchshopping.com, Inc.’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of Watchshopping.com, Inc.’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
By continuing to navigate our website without changing your cookie settings, you hereby acknowledge and agree to Watchshopping.com, Inc.'s use of cookies.
E-commerce
Those who engage in transactions with Watchshopping.com, Inc. – by purchasing Watchshopping.com, Inc.'s services or products, are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Watchshopping.com, Inc. collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Watchshopping.com, Inc.. Watchshopping.com, Inc. does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Business Transfers
If Watchshopping.com, Inc., or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Watchshopping.com, Inc. goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Watchshopping.com, Inc. may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Watchshopping.com, Inc. may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Watchshopping.com, Inc.’s sole discretion. Watchshopping.com, Inc. encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Credit & Contact Information
This privacy policy was created at http://termsandconditionstemplate.com/privacy-policy-generator/. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us via or phone.
To Top
LiveChat