https://www.thesnowpros.org/who-we-are/how-we-operate/privacy/
Skip to content
PrivacyJesse Morse2020-11-04T11:19:42-07:00
What Information We Gather
You decide how much of your Information you disclose to us.
For visitors, we gather Information needed to process your transactions and fulfill your requests, including contact information that you provide and demographic information that you volunteer via applications or surveys.
For Members, we gather Information necessary to maintain our membership records, communicate with you, and provide you with benefits. This may include your name, email address, phone number, address, and email address, your Member number, your password, your affiliations, your professional development, your participation in the Association, and demographic information that you volunteer via applications or surveys.
You are responsible for the accuracy of the Information that you provide and for maintaining the secrecy of your password and your account Information. You may correct and update your Information at any time on the Website. We periodically audit the Information and will remove information that is incomplete or which you or a Division has informed us is inaccurate.
If you place an order at our Website, we gather your payment information only long enough to process your transaction. If you want to order but do not want to provide your payment information online, you may mail or fax your order to us. We will not retain or store your payment information after the transaction is processed, nor will we sell, share or provide that information to third parties. During your online order, our server will assign your browser a unique identification number stored in a file on your computer (“Cookie”) unless you have disabled Cookies on your computer. Cookies identify your browser, but not you personally, to our computers whenever you interact on our Website.
We gather and archive basic Website logging statistics showing the daily number of visitors to our Website and its subdirectories, daily requests for particular files, originating server locations and server or browser domain names. We use these aggregated statistics internally to provide better service to the public, but we may also provide these statistics to others.
What Information We Do Not Gather
Non-public personal information such as your Social Security number or any other information that could be used to determine credit- or employment-worthiness.
Non-public personal information that you may post on our social media site.  You control the content and the degree that this information is public using the tools on that site.  If you post non-public personal information online that is accessible to the public, you do so at your own risk.
Where We Gather Information
We gather Information from you in plainly-marked areas of our Website.  For example, we request Information from you when you:
Activate your online member account or register as a customer or guest.
Place an order.
Send, phone or fax to us a written application for membership.
Provide feedback in an online survey.
Participate in a promotional offer.
Request email notification of your order status.
Change your Information.
Participate in other interactive services.
How We Use Information
We use this Information to:
Help us to know our Members and visitors and to assist us with our programs and activities.
Enable us to enhance your Website visit, and to improve and customize the content and layout of our Website and other communications tools.
Track usage of the Website.
Assist you with Member support issues.
Follow up with you after your visit.
Send to you messages that we approve and to which you have subscribed (“Messages”).
Send to you mail and emails about our various products and services, upcoming events and programs, or other products and services we feel may be of interest to you (“Mailings”).
Compile Member directories.
How We Share Information
We share this Information with:
Our Divisions to assist with Member tracking.
Our Member Schools within the Member School portal to assist with Member tracking.
Printers and distributors of our publications.
Our sponsors and suppliers in the form of non-personalized, demographic information about our Members.
Our partners, suppliers, and sub-contractors, for the performance of obligations arising from your membership, or any other contract we enter into with them or you or to provide you with the information, products and membership services that you request from us
With our vendors and other partners that help us with our activities and programs.
With resort educational programs.
We may also share information with our own affiliates around the world.
We send to you Messages or Mailings on behalf of a sponsor or official supplier pursuant to our agreement with them.
We also share your information as required by law.  We may also provide Information as necessary to protect the personal safety of our Members or the public.
How We Store and Send Information
We maintain security procedures and standards for storing and sending Information which we believe are as safe as today’s technology permits. We test these procedures and modify them regularly as new technologies become feasible.
Opting Out
If you do not want to receive certain Messages or Mailings, you can opt out in several ways:
Adjust the settings in the My Member Portal section of  of your account.
Click on the opt-out link if one is provided in Communications Preferences.
Email us at  requesting that you name be removed from future Messages or Mailings.
Write us at PSIA-AASI, 133 South Van Gordon Street, Suite 200, Lakewood, CO 80228, requesting that you name be removed from future Messages or Mailings.
Important Notices to Non-U.S. Residents
For the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (the “GDPR”), the Data Controller is the PSIA-AASI registered in the State of Colorado USA with a registered address at PSIA-AASI, 133 South Van Gordon Street, Suite 200
Lakewood, CO 80228.
It is important to note that our website and our servers are operated in the United States.  If you are located outside of the United States, please be aware that any Personal Information you provide to us will be transferred to the United States.  By using the Platform and by providing us Personal Information in any manner, you consent to this transfer and our use of the information and data provided by you in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Your European Rights
FOR EUROPEAN RESIDENTS ONLY. You have the right to ask us not to process your Personal Data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your Personal Data) if we intend to use your Personal Data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your Personal Data. You can also exercise the right by contacting us using the contact information below.
Children’s Privacy
Our Website is not directed to children under the age of 13, if you are not 13 years or older, do not use our Website. We do not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under the age of 13. If we learn that Personal Data of persons less than 13 years-of-age has been collected through our Website, we will take the appropriate steps to delete this information. If you are a parent or guardian and discover that your child or a minor under the age of 13 has posted, submitted or otherwise communicated Personal Data to our Site without your consent, then you may alert us at  so that we may take appropriate action to remove the minor’s Personal Data from our systems.
Your California Rights
FOR RESIDENTS OF CALIFORNIA ONLY. Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code requires select businesses to disclose policies relating to the sharing of certain categories of your Personal Data with third parties. If you reside in California and have provided your Personal Data to us, you may request information about our disclosures of certain categories of Personal data to third parties for direct marketing purposes. Such requests must be submitted to us at the contact information below.
Other Sites
The Website may contain hyperlinks to other websites, content or resources (collectively, “Other Sites”).  Other Sites may gather information about you when you view them.  We cannot control their collection of information and suggest that you review Other Sites’ privacy policies before providing them with your personal information.
We:
Have no control over and are not responsible for the content or availability of Other Sites;
Do not represent or warrant anything about goods or services that you may get from Other Sites; and
Will not be liable for losses or damages incurred as a result of your contact with Other Sites.
Direct your concerns regarding Other Sites to that website’s administrator or webmaster.
Members Only Area
When you first use the Members Only Area, you will select a password. You may change your password at any time by following the directions in the Members Only Area.
You acknowledge that if we disable access to your account, you may be prevented from accessing the Members Only Area, your Information or other content in your account.
Governing Law
This Privacy Policy and your relationship with us are governed by Colorado law, without regard to its conflict of laws provisions. You agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state or federal courts located in Denver, Colorado to resolve any legal matter arising from this policy.
Changes to Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy represents the entire understanding relating to the use of the Website and prevail over any prior or contemporaneous, conflicting or additional, communications. From time to time, we may change this Privacy Policy without prior notice to you. Changes will become effective when we post them to the Website. We will treat your use of the website after new Privacy Policy is published as your acceptance of the new Terms.
Acceptance of Terms
By visiting our Website, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and our accompanying Terms of Use.
Contact Us
Thank you for visiting our website.  If you have questions about our policies, please contact us.
or
PSIA-AASI
133 South Van Gordon Street, Suite 200
Lakewood, CO 80228
1.844.340.SNOW (7669)
This Privacy Policy was revised as of September 2020.