http://www.nwac.us/privacy-policy/
Toggle Navigation
Forecasts
Avalanche
Mountain Weather
Archived Avalanche Forecasts
Archived Weather Forecasts
Observations
Weather Station List
Weather Station Map
Submit An Observation
Recent Observations
Data Portal
Radar and Satellite Index
Snow Depth Climatology
Education
Learn
Request
Outreach
Avalanche Awareness Classes
Workshops
Backcountry Basics
Courses by Local Providers
Glossary of Avalanche Terms
Accidents
Report an accident
Accident Reports
Accident Statistics
Blog
Events
About
About us
About the Forecasts
NWAC Staff
Nonprofit Board
USFS Partners
Annual reports
Contact
Support NWAC
Membership
Make a donation
Workplace Giving
Other Ways to Give
Volunteer
Corporate Sponsorship
Last Updated: December 1st, 2018
This Privacy Policy explains how information about you is collected, used and disclosed by the Northwest Avalanche Center (“NWAC,” “we,” “us” or “our”). This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect when you use our website, mobile application, and other online products and services (collectively, “Services”), or when you otherwise interact with us.
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes to this Privacy Policy, we will provide notice by revising the “Last Updated” date at the top of this Privacy Policy and, in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice (such as by sending you a notification or providing notice through the Services). We encourage you to review our Privacy Policy whenever you access the Services or otherwise interact with us to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.
Collection of Information
Information You Provide to Us
We collect information you provide directly to us. For example, we collect information when you request information about or participate in a class or workshop; submit information about an observation or accident; participate in an event, survey, contest, raffle or other promotion; submit photos, videos or other materials; fill out a form; purchase a membership or other item; make a donation; sign up for a volunteer opportunity; communicate with us via email or third-party social media sites; or otherwise communicate with us.
The types of information we may collect include your name, email address, postal address, phone number, and any other information you choose to provide. We also may collect information you provide about other individuals. For example, when you purchase a gift membership for someone, we will collect information about the recipient of your gift.
Please note that we collect and store only limited payment information (such as your payment card type, expiration date, and last four digits of the payment card number). We do not collect or store full payment card numbers, and we work with a third-party payment processor who processes payments on our behalf.
Information We Collect Automatically
When you access or use our Services, we automatically collect information about you, including:
Log Information: We collect log information about your access to and use of the Services, such as your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, access times, web browser, pages viewed, links clicked and the page you visited before navigating to the Services.
Device Information: We collect information about the computer or mobile device you use to access the Services, including the hardware model, operating system and version, unique device identifiers, mobile network information and information about your use of the Services.
Location Information: We may collect information about the location of your device each time you access or use one of our mobile applications or otherwise consent to the collection of this information. For more details, please see “Your Choices” below.
Information Collected by Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies: We use various technologies to collect information, including cookies and web beacons. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in device memory that help us improve our Services and your experience on the Services, see which areas and features of our Services are popular, and count visits. Web beacons are electronic images that may be used in our Services or in emails and help us to deliver cookies, count visits, and understand usage and campaign effectiveness. For more information about cookies, and how to disable them, please see “Your Choices” below.
Information We Collect From Other Sources
We also may obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect through our Services.
Use of InformationWe may use information about you for various purposes, including to:
Provide, maintain and improve our Services;Provide and deliver the products and services you request, process memberships, donations and other transactions, and send you related information, such as confirmations;Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;Respond to your comments, questions and requests;Communicate with you about products, services, educational classes, programs or workshops, offers, promotions, rewards and events offered by NWAC and others, and provide news and information we think will be of interest to you;Monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with our Services;Detect, investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities, and protect the rights and property of NWAC and others;Personalize and improve the Services and provide advertisements, content or features that match user profiles or interests;Facilitate contests, raffles, sweepstakes and promotions, and process and deliver entries and rewards;Link or combine with information we get from others to help understand your needs and provide you with better service;Carry out any other purpose described to you at the time the information was collected; andWith your consent or at your direction.
Sharing of Information
We may share information about you as follows or as otherwisedescribed in this Privacy Policy:
With vendors, consultants and other service providers who need access to such information to carry out work on our behalf;When you submit an observation through the Services, some or all of the information you provide may be displayed publically (such as your name, photos, and other information you choose to provide);When you submit an accident or incident report, some or all of the information you provide may be provided to the Colorado Avalanche and Information Center for inclusion in its databases;In response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with, or required by, any applicable law, regulation or legal process;If we believe your actions are inconsistent with our user agreements or policies, or to protect the rights, property and safety of NWAC or others;In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of NWAC assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another NWAC;Between and among NWAC and our current and future parents, affiliates, subsidiaries and other companies under common control and ownership; andWith your consent or at your direction.We also may share aggregated or de-identified information, whichcannot reasonably be used to identify you.
Social Sharing Features
The Services may offer social sharing features and other integrated tools (such as the Facebook “Like” button), which let you share actions you take on our Services with other media. Your use of such features enables the sharing of information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the entity that provides the social sharing feature. For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing features, please review the privacy policies of the entities that provide these features.
Advertising and Analytics Services Provided by Others
We may allow others to provide analytics services and serve advertisements on our behalf across the Internet and in applications. These entities may use cookies, web beacons, device identifiers and other technologies to collect information about your use of the Services and other websites and applications, including information such as your IP address, web browser, mobile network information, pages viewed, time spent on pages or in applications, links clicked and conversion information. This information may be used by NWAC and others to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests on our Services and other websites, and better understand your online activity. For more information about interest-based ads, or to opt out of having your web browsing information used for behavioral advertising purposes, please visit www.aboutads.info/choices. Please note that your mobile device also may include a feature (“Limit Ad Tracking” on iOS or “Opt Out of Interest-Based Ads” on Android) that allows you to opt out of having certain information collected through apps used for behavioral advertising purposes.We also may work with other websites or platforms (such as Facebook) to serve ads to you as part of a customized campaign, unless you notify us that you prefer not to have information about you used in this way.
Security NWAC takes reasonable measures to help protect information about you from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
Transfer of Information to the United States and Ohter Countries NWAC is based in the United States and the information we collect is governed by United States law. By accessing or using the Services or otherwise providing information to us, you consent to the processing, transfer and storage of information in and to the United States and other countries, where you may not have the same rights and protections as you do under local law.
Your Choices Location InformationWhen you first launch any of our mobile applications that collect location information, you will be asked to consent to the application’s collection of this information. If you initially consent to our collection of location information, you can subsequently stop the collection of this information at any time by changing the preferences on your mobile device. If you do so, our mobile applications, or certain features thereof, may no longer function. You also may stop our collection of location information by following the standard uninstall process to remove all of our mobile applications from your device.
CookiesMost web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies. Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of our Services.
Promotional CommunicationsYou may opt out of receiving promotional communications from NWAC by following the instructions in those communications. If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as those about our ongoing business relations.
Mobile Push Notifications and AlertsWith your consent, we may send promotional and non-promotional push notifications or alerts to your mobile device. You can deactivate these messages at any time by changing the notification settings on your mobile device.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please email us atinfo@nwac.us.
PDF Version:
NWAC Privacy PolicyDownload