https://www.nascar.com/privacy-statement/
Skip to content
NASCAR.COM Privacy Statement
Last updated: 12/31/19
NASCAR.COM PRIVACY STATEMENT
What’s New in the Updated Privacy Statement?
We've incorporated a section addressing California resident rights.
NASCAR Digital Media, LLC (“NDM”, “we”, “us” or “our”) operates the websites and mobile apps where this Privacy Statement is displayed (the sites and apps collectively “NASCAR.COM”). NASCAR.COM is a general audience platform and includes websites (including subdomains) and associated applications and digital services (such as mobile and other device applications), and other associated offerings that are owned, offered or operated by or on behalf of NDM. NDM’s Privacy Office can be reached at privacy@nascar.com. Your privacy is important to us. As such, we provide this Privacy Statement explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used at NASCAR.COM. Please be advised that the practices described in this Privacy Statement apply only to information gathered through and in connection with NASCAR.COM. This privacy statement does not necessarily reflect our practices for the NASCAR.COM Superstore. Please see the NASCAR.COM Superstore's Privacy Notice for information about its privacy policies.
Quick Links:
To read our Privacy Statement highlights, click here.
To read our full Privacy Statement, click here.
To read our Cookie Notice, click here.
To opt-out of the collection of data for interest-based advertising from NASCAR.COM click here.
The Information We Collect
We collect:
§Information you provide to us, such as your name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, credit card information, and date of birth
§IP address
§Device type and settings
§Device identifiers
§Browser type and settings
§Operating system, Internet service provider, and mobile network providers
§Usage information, such as the time and date of your visits and the content and advertisements you have accessed, clicked on, or interacted with
When you engage with our content on social media services and other third-party sites and platforms, we also receive information about your interaction with that content (e.g. what you viewed and the advertisements displayed), as well as any profile information you choose to give us access to.
How We Use the Information We Collect
We use information that we receive and collect for our legitimate business purposes, including to:
§Communicate with you about NASCAR.COM, including to respond to your inquiries, requests or comments, and provide technical support
§Inform you about products and services that you may be interested in, including third-party products and services
§Enforce legal terms related to NASCAR.COM and to investigate and prevent fraud or other illegal activities
§Serve you customized ads based on information gathered about you during your visits to NASCAR.COM and other online or mobile sites and applications
§Improve our products, services, and NASCAR.COM
How We Share and Disclose Your Information
We may share your Information with:
§Our Partners (e.g., payment processors, email service providers, advertising networks and platforms, agencies, analytics/reporting vendors, and cloud service providers)
§Third parties in response to legal orders or in order to detect and prevent fraud or other illegal activities
§NDM affiliates to enable them to communicate with you about their, or their marketing partners’, products, platforms, and services
§Advertisers that wish to market their own products and services to you
§In the event NDM undergoes a business transition (e.g., if we are sold to or merge with another entity)
How Long Do We Retain Your Information?
We will retain Information collected through NASCAR.COM for the period necessary to fulfill the legitimate business purposes or uses outlined in this Privacy Statement.
Our Cookie Policy
We use cookies, web beacons, and other common tracking tools on the Internet. These tools help us understand how you use NASCAR.COM and the effectiveness of an ad so that we can more accurately deliver the types of ads that are relevant to your interests. You may opt-out via the links below:
DAA - http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
EDAA (Europe) - http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
How Do We Respond To Do Not Track Signals
NDM does not currently respond to do not track signals.
What Are Your Rights and Choices?
You always have the right to opt out of having your Information shared with third parties for their own marketing purposes.
to stop receiving advertising e-mails, follow the "unsubscribe" instructions in any advertising e-mail we send you (you will still receive transactional e-mails).
to stop receiving text mesages, reply "STOP" to any message.
If you are in the European Union, you also have the right to:
obtain confirmation of the existence of your Information in NDM's database
verify the origin and accuracy of you Information
request that we correct, update, amend, delete or transform your Information into anonymous form
provide you information about how we use your Information
oppose the processing of your Information on legitimate grounds
lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority
International Collection of Information
We collect and receive personal data from inside and outside of the United States.
If you are located in the European Union or elsewhere outside of the United States, please be aware that information we collect is processed in the United States and other applicable territories in which the privacy laws may not be as comprehensive as or equivalent to those in the country where you reside and/or are a citizen.  We put safeguards in place to protect your Information when we process it outside of the country from which it was collected.
Third Party Sites and Linked Services
NDM’s Privacy Statement does not apply to information collected by third-parties. If you click on links that are owned or controlled by third parties, you will be subject to that party’s policies.
Data Security
NDM has established reasonable technical and organizational safeguards to help prevent unauthorized access, loss, disclosure, modification or destruction of the information we collect, but the Internet is not 100% secure.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from, and do not create user segments targeted to, children under 13 years of age.
How to Contact Us
Email us at privacy@nascar.com, or send written correspondence to:
NASCAR.COM/NASCAR Digital Media, LLC
One Daytona Boulevard
Daytona Beach, FL 32114
Updates
Updates to our Privacy Statement will be posted to NASCAR.COM or may be communicated to you in other ways as required by applicable law.
Rights for Our California Residents
I. Notice of Information Collection for California Consumers
II. Your California Privac Rights
III. How Do You Submit These Requests to Us?
The Information We Collect
We receive information about you that you provide to us directly, such as personal information you provide when you visit NASCAR.COM, and information that is passively or automatically collected from you, such as information collected from your browser or device. In this Privacy Statement, we refer to all of this as the “Information.”
Information You Provide to Us. At NASCAR.COM, you can register, order products, enter contests, vote in polls or otherwise express an opinion, subscribe to one of our services such as our online newsletters or text message alerts, or participate in one of our online forums or communities. In the course of these various offerings, we often seek to collect from you various forms of Information, such as: name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, credit card information, and date of birth.
Certain features on NASCAR.COM also allow you to submit Information about other people. For example, you might submit a person's name and e-mail address to send an electronic greeting card and, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you might submit the recipient's name and address. This Information may include, for instance, a recipient's name, address, e-mail address, and telephone number.
Information That is Passively or Automatically Collected. We, and our “Partners” which include our third party service providers, advertising networks and platforms, agencies, analytics/reporting vendors, platform and infrastructure monitoring vendors, and cloud service providers use automated means to collect various types of Information about you, your computer or other device used to access NASCAR.COM. A representative, non-exhaustive list of the types of automatically collected Information may include:
network or Internet protocol address and type of browser you are using (e.g., Chrome, Safari, Firefox, Internet Explorer)
the type of operating system you are using (e.g., Microsoft Windows or Mac OS)
the name of your Internet service provider (e.g., Comcast, Verizon or AT&T) and domains used by such providers
mobile network
device identifiers (such as Apple IDFA or an Android Advertising ID)
device settings and browser settings
the date and time of your visit to NASCAR.COM
which NASCAR.COM pages you have visited and which sites you visited before and after you visit NASCAR.COM
the type of handheld or mobile device you used to view NASCAR.COM (e.g., iOS, Android)
the content and advertisements you have accessed, seen, forwarded and/or clicked on.
Please see the Section titled Our Cookie Policy for more information about how the foregoing Information may be collected and used, as well as your choices related to such collection and use.
Information Collected By and From Third Party Platforms. When you engage with our content on or through social media services or other third party platforms (“Third Party Platforms”), plug-ins, integrations or applications, you may choose to allow us to have access to certain Information in your profile. This may include your name, e-mail address, photo, gender, birthday, location, an ID associated with the applicable third party platform or social media account user files, “liked” photos and videos, your list of friends or connections, people you follow and/or who follow you, or your posts or the 'likes’. For a description of how social media services and other third party platforms, plug-ins, integrations or applications handle your information, please refer to their respective privacy policies and terms of use, which may permit you to modify your privacy settings.
When we interact with you through our content on third party websites, applications, integrations or platforms, we obtain any information regarding your interaction with that content, such as content you have viewed, your game performance, high scores, and information about advertisements within the content you have been shown or may have clicked on.
How We Use the Information We Collect
We, along with our Partners, use your Information for the following legitimate business purposes:
to communicate with you about NASCAR.COM, such as to fulfill a request or order by you, or to contact you about your account with us
to fulfill your requests for our products, programs, and services, including without limitation requests for newsletters and notifications
to respond to your inquiries and notify you if you have won one of our contests
to inform you about products, programs or services that we believe may be of interest to you, including those offered by third parties
to enforce the legal terms (including without limitation this privacy statement and our terms of use) that govern your use of NASCAR.COM, and/or for the purposes for which you provided the information
to provide technical support for NASCAR.COM
to investigate and prevent fraud or potentially illegal activities (including, without limitation, copyright infringement or fraud related to a contest) on or through NASCAR.COM
to protect the safety of our users and the security of our platforms
to serve you customized or personalized ads, offers and content based on your visits to and/or usage of NASCAR.COM or other online or mobile websites, applications, platforms or services, and to analyze the performance of those ads, offers and content, as well as your interaction with them
to perform analysis regarding how you use NASCAR.COM or any part thereof
to send gifts, cards, invitations or emails if you use these services, to your designated recipients
to improve our products, services and NASCAR.com
as otherwise permitted by law or as we may notify you from time to time
When we have your consent to do so, we also use information from your social media account to:
give you exclusive content
personalize your online experience with us within and outside our applications or websites
contact you through the social media service or directly by sending you the latest news, special offerings, and rewards, and
enable you to share your experience and content via social media services.
From time to time, we enhance the Information we collect from you with other information that we obtain from third party sources.
How We Share and Disclose Your Information
We share or disclose your Information as follows:
To Partners that we have engaged to perform business-related functions on our behalf. Each such Partner is contractually obligated to provide services to us in a manner consistent with this privacy statement. Our Partners use your Information to provide us with the following services:
oconduct research and analytics
ocreate content
oprovide customer, technical or operational support
oconduct or support marketing (such as email or advertising platforms)
ofulfill orders and user requests
ohandle payments
ohost NASCAR.COM, forums and online communities
oadminister contests
omaintain databases
osend or support online or mobile advertising, and
ootherwise support NASCAR.COM.
In response to legal process, for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena, a law enforcement or government agency's request or similar request, or where we believe in our sole discretion that disclosure is legally necessary.
With third parties in order to investigate, prevent, or take action (in our sole discretion) regarding potentially illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to any person, us, or NASCAR.COM, or violations of our policies, the law or our Terms of Use, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing NASCAR.COM and applicable laws or as otherwise required or permitted by law or consistent with legal requirements.
If we, or one of our business units, undergoes a business transition, like a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or part of our assets, or if a substantial portion of our or of a business unit’s assets is sold or merged in this way, we will transfer some or all of your Information as part of that transaction. .
With affiliates, so they can provide, improve and communicate with you about their own, or their marketing partners’, products, platforms, and services.
We share your email or mailing address with our advertising partners (including e. magazine publishers, retailers, non-profit organizations, and their advertising agencies and marketers) that wish to market their own products or services to you. If you wish to opt out from such sharing, please visit the Opting Out of Marketing Communications section below for further instructions.
In addition, we disclose Information that identifies your mobile device, telecommunications carrier and information regarding your access/use of NASCAR.COM mobile applications to NASCAR’s wireless communications partner.  Our wireless communications partner may use this information to market their services to you. If you wish to opt out from such sharing, please visit the Opting Out of Marketing Communicationssection below for further instructions.
Co-Sponsored Content.  Please note that NASCAR.COM may offer content (e.g., contests, sweepstakes, promotions, games, applications, or social network integrations) that is co-sponsored by or co-branded with identified third parties. By virtue of these relationships, the third parties may obtain information directly from you when you access such co-sponsored or co-branded content on NASCAR.COM. We have no control over these third parties’ use of this information, which is subject to their own privacy policies.
Public Posts. If you choose to submit Information or content for public distribution or publication (e.g., a letter to our editors, comments sent to our writers and/or personalities, a posting to a blog or a discussion board, or a video), we may publish that Information and content, along with other Information about you (such as your name, screen name or location). Likewise, if you register and create a profile with NASCAR.COM, the screen name you select, as well as other content you submit or upload to your profile page (e.g., photos, comments, video, reviews), will be displayed publicly on NASCAR.COM, is searchable, can be found by third parties and may be reused and redistributed by us in our sole discretion. See our Terms of Use for details on our use of content you submit.
How Long Do We Retain Your Information?
We retain your Information for the period necessary to fulfill the legitimate business purposes or uses outlined in this Privacy Statement, unless a longer retention period is required or allowed by applicable data protection law or to otherwise fulfill a legal obligation.
Our Cookie Policy
We and our Partners use cookies and other common tracking technologies both to provide our services to you and to serve customized advertising to you. We may also work with Partners to help them advertise to you when you visit other websites or mobile applications, and to help them perform user analytics. These technologies may also be used to analyze how our users interact with advertising on NASCAR.COM and elsewhere, and more generally, to learn more about our users and what services or offers you might prefer to receive. We describe some of these technologies below, as well as your choices related to these tracking technologies.
Cookies. We use "cookies", “web beacons” or other common tracking technologies. Cookies are text files placed in your computer's browser to store your preferences.
We, and our third party service providers, advertisers, advertising networks and platforms, agencies, or Partners, use cookies or other common tracking technologies to understand site and Internet usage and to improve or customize the products, content, offerings, services or advertisements on NASCAR.COM. For example, we may use cookies to personalize your experience on NASCAR.COM (e.g., to recognize you by name when you return to NASCAR.COM), save your password in password-protected areas, and enable you to use shopping carts on NASCAR.COM.
We, and our third party service providers, advertisers, advertising networks and platforms, agencies, or Partners, use cookies or other common tracking technologies to offer you products, content, offerings, or services that may be of interest to you and to deliver relevant advertising based on your interests on NASCAR.COM, an affiliate’s website, or third-party websites or applications that you visit.
We, and our third party service providers, advertisers, advertising networks and platforms, agencies, or Partners, use cookies or other common tracking technologies to manage and measure the performance of advertisements displayed on or delivered by or through NASCAR.COM and/or other networks or sites. This also helps us, our service providers and Partners provide more relevant advertising to you. The use of these technologies by these third parties is subject to their own privacy policies and is not covered by this privacy statement. One such third party service we use is Google Adwords. This service allows us to serve our advertisements on websites across the Internet. You may opt out of this feature using the Ads Preferences Manager.
Synching Cookies and Identifiers. We may work with our Partners (for instance, third party ad platforms) to synchronize unique, anonymous identifiers (such as those associated with cookies) in order to match our Partner’s uniquely coded user identifiers to our own. We may do this, for instance, to enhance data points about a particular unique browser or device, and thus enable us or others to send ads that are more relevant, match users to their likely product interests, or better synchronize, cap, or optimize advertising.
Locally Stored Objects. NASCAR.COM may employ locally stored objects (“LSOs”) and other client side storage tracking technologies in certain situations where they help to provide a better user experience, such as to remember your settings, preferences and usage, similar to browser cookies, or in order to target or help our Partners target ads, analyze ads performance, or perform user, website or market analytics. For LSOs utilized by Adobe Flash you can access your Flash management tools from Adobe's website. In addition, some, but not all browsers, provide the ability to remove LSOs, sometimes within cookie and privacy settings.
Disabling Cookies.  Most web browsers are set up to accept cookies. You may be able to set your browser to warn you before accepting certain cookies or to refuse certain cookies. However, if you disable the use of cookies in your web browser, some features of NASCAR.COM may be difficult to use or inoperable.
We may work with certain third-party companies that use techniques other than HTTP cookies to recognize your computer or device and/or to collect and record information about your web surfing activity, including those integrated with NASCAR.COM. Please keep in mind that your web browser may not permit you to block the use of these techniques, and those browser settings that block conventional cookies may have no effect on such techniques. To learn more about Interest-Based Advertising and your choices for opting out of this type of advertising, please go to Opting Out: Your Ad Choices.
Web Beacons. We and our Partners may also use "web beacons" or clear GIFs, or similar technologies, which are small pieces of code placed on a web page or in an email, to monitor the behavior and collect data about the visitors viewing a web page or email from us. For example, web beacons may be used to count the users who visit a web page or to deliver a cookie to the browser of a visitor viewing that page. Web beacons may also be used to provide information on the effectiveness of our email campaigns (e.g., open rates, clicks, forwards, etc.).
Mobile Device Identifiers and SDKs.We also sometimes use, or partner with publishers, publisher-facing, or app developer platforms that use mobile Software Development Kits ("SDKs"), or use an SDK with a mobile app that we offer, to collect Information, such as mobile identifiers (e.g., IDFAs and Android Advertising IDs), and Information connected to how mobile devices interact with NASCAR.COM products and services and those using NASCAR.COM. A mobile SDK is the mobile app version of a web beacon (see "Web Beacons" above). The SDK is a bit of computer code that app developers can include in their apps to enable ads to be shown, data to be collected, and related services or analytics to be performed. We may use this technology to deliver or help our Partners deliver certain tailored advertising through mobile applications and browsers based on information associated with your mobile device. If you'd like to opt-out from having ads tailored to you in this way on your mobile device, please follow the instructions in Opting Out: Your Ad Choices.
Third parties may themselves set and access their own tracking technologies when you visit NASCAR.COM, and they may have access to information about you and your online activities over time and across different devices, websites or applications when you use NASCAR.COM. Their use of such tracking technologies is not in our control and is subject to their own privacy policies.
Sometimes, we may associate cookies with the Information, including de-identified, “hashed,” or anonymous versions of Information you have provided (such as during registration), in order to send or help our Partners send ads and offers based on your presumed interests or demographic information.
Opting Out: Your Ad Choices To learn about online interest-based advertising and your choices related to interest-based advertising, please visit:
For United States visitors: the Digital Advertising Alliance ("DAA") at the Ad Choices site
For European Union visitors: the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (“EDAA”) at the EDAA site
We also allow our European Union visitors to opt out of interest-based advertising on NASCAR.com via our consent manager
The tools provided on the DAA opt-out page and the EDAA site are provided by third parties, not NDM.  We do not control or operate these tools or the choices that advertisers and others provide through these tools.
PLEASE NOTE: Certain choices you make through these platforms may be browser-specific or device-specific.  If you erase or otherwise alter your browser’s cookie file (including upgrading certain browsers), or use a new or different computer, you may need to opt out again.
Opting out via this method does not prevent the use of cookies or similar tracking tools that are necessary for the operation of NASCAR.COM or other legitimate purposes unrelated to serving interest-based ads. Information may still be collected about your web browsing activities for these other purposes. While you will not receive ads based on your interests derived from your online behavior, you will still see advertising, including contextual ads that are based on the content of the NASCAR.COM pages you visit.
We sometimes utilize Adobe technology to customize advertising you may see on our site or third-party sites. These “flash cookies” cannot be controlled through browser settings, but you can opt out of the receipt of targeted advertising utilizing Adobe technology by clicking here.
When using a mobile application you may receive tailored in-application advertisements. Depending on your device, you may be able to reset your mobile device’s advertising identifier at any time by accessing the privacy settings on your mobile device. In addition, each operating system (iOS for Apple phones, Android for Android devices and Windows for Microsoft devices) provides its own instructions on how to prevent the delivery of tailored in-application advertisements. You may review support materials and/or the privacy settings for the respective operating systems in order to opt-out of tailored in-application advertisements. For any other devices and/or operating systems, please visit the privacy settings for the applicable device or contact the applicable platform operator.
How We Respond to Do Not Track Signals
At this time NASCAR.COM does not recognize automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms, which may include “do not track” instructions.
What Are Your Rights and Choices?
Your right to make informed decisions about information collection is important to NDM.
Opting Out of Marketing Communications.  Please note that you always have the right to opt out of having your Information shared with third parties for their own marketing purposes.  To stop receiving advertising e-mails, follow the “unsubscribe” instructions in any advertising e-mail we send you (you will still receive transactional e-mails).  To stop receiving text messages, reply “STOP” to any message.
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Statement or if you would like to opt out from our sharing of your Information with unaffiliated third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes, please contact us at privacy@nascar.com. Please know that in order for us to respond to your request we may require that you verify your identity. NDM is based in the United States and our products are offered in English.  Requests submitted in another language will require translation.
Your European Privacy Rights.  Please note that if you are in the European Union or the European Economic Area, you also have the right to:
obtain confirmation of the existence of your Information in NASCAR’s database
verify the origin and accuracy of your Information
request that we correct, update, amend, delete, or transform your Information into anonymous form
provide you information about how we use your Information
oppose the processing of your Information on legitimate grounds
lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority
International Collection of Information
We collect and receive personal data from inside and outside of the United States.
If you are located in the European Union or elsewhere outside of the United States, please be aware that information we collect is processed in the United States and other applicable territories in which the privacy laws may not be as comprehensive as or equivalent to those in the country where you reside and/or are a citizen.  We put safeguards in place to protect your Information when we process it outside of the country from which it was collected.
Third Party Sites and Linked Services
NASCAR.COM may contain links to or integrations with other sites such as Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and other media services and platforms not owned or controlled by us, whose information practices may be different than ours. This privacy statement does not apply to any information collected by third-party sites or integrated services providers.  You should consult the other sites' privacy notices, as we have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties.
Data Security
We have put in place physical, electronic, and managerial procedures designed to help prevent unauthorized access, to maintain data security, and to use correctly the Information we collect online. These safeguards vary based on the sensitivity of the information that we collect and store.
The Internet is not 100% secure.  Although we take reasonable measures designed to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of Information, we cannot guarantee that your Information will never be disclosed, altered or destroyed in a manner that is inconsistent with this privacy statement.
Children's Privacy
We do not knowingly collect Information from, and do not create user segments targeted to, children under 13 years of age. If you believe your child or someone else has provided NDM with Information about your child and you would like to have the Information removed, please contact us, and we will use reasonable efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about NDM’s privacy statement, you may contact us at this email address: privacy@nascar.com, or you can send correspondence to the following address:
NASCAR.COM/NASCAR Digital Media, LLC
Legal Department – NDM’s Privacy Office
One Daytona Boulevard
Daytona Beach, FL 32114
Updates
From time to time, we may update this privacy statement. We will notify you about material changes by prominently posting a notice on our site or otherwise as required by law. We encourage you to periodically check back and review this statement so that you always will know what information we collect, how we use it, and with whom we share it.
Rights for Our California Residents
This section explains how we collect and share personal information about California residents (“California Customers”) and their privacy rights.
I.        Notice of Information Collection for California Consumers
What Information Do We Collect About You?
Where Do We Collect this Information From?
Why Do We Collect this Information?
Who Do We Share this Information With?
Contact Information (e.g., name, email, postal address, zip code, telephone number, etc.)
§ From you when you register on our sites, subscribe to one of our newsletters, memberships, sign up for a service, promotion, purchase our products, or otherwise submit this information to us.
§   To contact you.
§   To provide products or services to you, or handle your other requests.
§   To market our products and services to you.
§   To create and manage your account when you sign up, and to service your account.
§   To prevent fraud and protect our customers and business, including verifying your identity, and securing our track facilities.
§ Service Providers (companies that use your personal information to provide services to us, including advertising, administering contests, website support, analytics, payment processing, and customer service).
§ Other companies in the NASCAR family, including our affiliates.
Account/Registration Information (e.g., name, username, password, account preferences, income level, etc.)
§ From you when you create an account or register with us.
§ To create and manage your account when you sign up, and to service your account.
§ Service Providers (companies that use your personal information to provide services to us, including advertising, administering contests, website support, analytics, payment processing, and customer service).
§ Other companies in the NASCAR family, including our affiliates.
Interests, Demographics and other Behavioral Data (e.g., interests (such as the athletes and brands you like) ,purchase behaviors, age, race, gender)
§ From you when you share that information with us on surveys, registration forms or other forms.
§ To help us identify you and understand your interests and preferences so that we can customize your experience with us.
§ Service Providers (companies that use your personal information to provide services to us, including advertising, administering contests, website support, analytics, payment processing, and customer service).
§ Other companies in the NASCAR family, including our affiliates.
Online/Device Identifiers (e.g., IP addresses, device IDs, operating systems, mobile network providers, settings, and other information we use to recognize your device)
§ From tracking technologies (such as pixels or cookies placed on web pages or emails), which collect information about you when you visit us.
§ To improve our products and services.
§ To help us measure the effectiveness of our platforms and the ads they display, including the locations visitors frequent on our sites, whether you click on ads or buy the products/services advertised.
§ To customize your experience with so that you receive content that is relevant to you.
§ Service Providers (companies that use your personal information to provide services to us, including advertising, administering contests, website support, analytics, payment processing, and customer service).
§ Other companies in the NASCAR family, including our affiliates.
Online Activity Information (e.g., browsing history, search history, and other information about your interactions with our platforms)
§ From tracking technologies (such as pixels or cookies placed on web pages or emails), which collect information about you when you visit our online platforms.
§ To improve our products and services.
§ To help us measure the effectiveness of our platforms and the ads they display, including the locations visitors frequent on our sites, whether you click on ads or buy the products/services advertised.
§ To customize your experience on our platforms so that you receive relevant content.
§ Service Providers (companies that use your personal information to provide services to us, including advertising, administering contests, website support, analytics, payment processing, and customer service).
§ Other companies in the NASCAR family, including our affiliates.
Payment Information (e.g., billing address, shipping address, credit card or bank account number, card verification value, etc.)
§ From you when your place an order for our products or services or make a reservation.
§  To process your orders, reservations, and any refund requests.
§  To verify your identity, when you contact us about your purchases or reservations.
§ Service Providers (companies allowed to only use your personal information to process your purchases and reservations on our behalf).
Location Information (e.g., information about your location or device such as city, state or zip code)
§ From you when using our services, such our interactive game sites.
§ Service Providers companies allowed to only use your personal information to provide services to us, including hosting our sites and mobile apps, securing our track facilities, analytics, and advertising).
§ To customize your experience so that you receive relevant information about our services and products (e.g., upcoming events in your area, perks available near you, access to location-based social networks and communities, etc.)
§ To protect our customers and business, including our platforms and security at our track facilities.
§ Service Providers (companies allowed to only use your personal information to provide services to us, including advertising, website support, and analytics).
§ Data Partners (these are companies that we share personal information with to help us identify potential customers, and to understand who you are and what you may be interested in).
§ Other NASCAR affiliates.
II. Your California Privacy Rights
What Rights Do You Have?
§  Right to Know - You have the right to ask us to tell you what personal information of yours we collect, use, share or sell.
§  Right to Access – You have the right to request access to the personal information of yours we collect or maintain.
§  Right to Request Deletion - You have the right to ask us to delete the personal information we collect or maintain about you.
§  No Discrimination - You have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising the rights above.
You also have Shine the Light Rights – You have the right to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, a list of the third parties to whom we have disclosed certain types of personal information (if any) for their direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year. At our option, we may respond to such requests by providing instructions about how our users can exercise their options to prevent our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
III.        How Do You Submit These Requests to Us?
California residents can exercise these rights:
§  Shine the Light Rights
§  Requests to Access/Know
§  Request to Delete
By contacting us by:
§  Our individual rights management tool:
§  Email:        privacy@nascar.com
We will need to verify that you are who you say you are before we delete or share personal information with you.  After you submit your request to our individual rights management tool, you will be sent a confirmation email and need to click on the link provided. If you make a request via email, we may need to request more information from you in order to verify your request.
Previous Privacy Statement, Updated October 31, 2019
© 2020 NASCAR Digital Media, LLC