http://www.switch-backs.com/cookie-policy/
Cookie Policy
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
CONTINUE
LEARN MORE
Downhill
About
Malaga MTB trails – The best for Enduro & Downhill
Location
Prices 2019/20
MTB coaching Malaga Enduro & DH
Bike hire and setup
Media
Blog
FAQs
Contact us
Enduro
About
Trails in Sierra Nevada
Location
Prices 2020
MTB Coaching bubion enduro
Bike Hire & setup
Bike & Board
Media
Blog
FAQs
Contact us
Cookie Policy
How we use cookies on our website
We use cookies across our website to improve performance and enhance user experience. This policy explains how we do that.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files which a website may put on your computer or mobile device when you first visit a site or page. The cookie will help the website, or another website, to recognise your device the next time you visit.
There are many functions that cookies serve. E.g. they help us to remember your username and preferences, analyse how well our website is performing, or allow us to recommend content we believe will be most relevant to you.
Certain cookies contain personal information – for example, if you click to “remember me” when logging in, a cookie will store your username. Most cookies won’t collect information that identifies you, and will instead collect more general information such as how users arrive at and use our websites, or a user’s general location.
What sort of cookies do we use?
We use cookies for different functions:
1. Essential cookies
Some cookies are essential for the operation of our website. For example, some cookies allow us to identify registered users and ensure they can access the secure pages. If a registered user opts to disable these cookies, the user will not be able to access these pages.
2. Performance Cookies
We use other cookies to analyse how our visitors use our websites and to monitor website performance. E.g. we use performance cookies to keep track of which pages are most popular, which method of linking between pages is most effective, and to determine why some pages are receiving error messages.
3. Functionality Cookies
We use functionality cookies to allow us to remember your preferences. E.g. currency or language preference or what you have in your basket or wish list, where available. Also if you want to comment on our blog.
Does anyone else use cookies on our website?
No.
Can a website user block cookies?
Yes, but as we’ve explained above, cookies help you to get the most from our website.
If you do wish to disable our cookies then please see the instructions on our How to manage cookies below.
Please remember that if you do choose to disable cookies, you may find that certain sections of our website do not work properly
More Information
More detail on how websites use cookies is available at www.allaboutcookies.org
How to manage cookies
Google Chrome
Click on the Tools icon on the browser
Then select Options
Click the Under the Hood tab from the left hand menu
In the Privacy section, select the Content settings button
To enable cookies: select Allow local data to be set option
To disable cookies: select Block all cookies option
Microsoft Internet Explorer 6, 7, 8 and 9
Click on Tools at the top of your browser window
Select Internet Options
In the options window navigate to the Privacy tab
To enable cookies: Set the slider to Medium or below
To disable cookies: Move the slider to the top to block all cookies
Mozilla Firefox
Click on Tools at the browser menu
Select Options
Select the Privacy panel
To enable cookies, check Accept cookies for sites
To disable cookies, uncheck Accept cookies for sites
Safari on MAC OSX
Click on Safari at the menu bar
Select the Preferences option
Click on Security
To enable cookies: In the Accept cookies section select Only from site you navigate to
To disable cookies: In the Accept cookies section select Never
All other browsers
Please select the Help function in the browser or contact the browser provider.