https://www.thebonuscode.net/privacy-policy/
Bonus CodeHomeCasino Reviews888.comCasino.comCasino RedKingsEUcasinoMansion CasinoMegaCasinoNetBet CasinoPartyCasinoSlotsMagicSlots HeavenWilliam HillPrivacy PolicyPlease read all the sections in this Policy.IntroductionAll visitors to this website (referred to as ‘you’ in this text) should be aware that we may process some, or all of their available personal information.This website is owned by:Data We ProcessWe are processing (or may process) various categories of your data, which are grouped into two main types:data about your activities with our partnered sitesand your electronic identification data .We may process information about your interactions with websites other than our own, such aswhether you have visited any of our partner’s websites and if you registered on any of themor whether you took part in gaming activities on any of the websites of our partners.This type information we process only on aggregated level. In other words, this type of your information is grouped with the same type of data generated by other users. Thus, we cannot find out details exactly about your activities on other websites managed by our partners, but we can find out general statistics about the activities of our users.By use of the information that web browsers, mobile devices and servers typically make available, we may process your electronic identification data. This can refer to the processing ofthe date and time of access to our website,the device type you are accessing our website from, the unique device identifier,approximate location from which you access the website,the amount of time spent on every web page,the IP address of the device you use,the operating system you are currently using andinformation about your browser (type and version).Why We Need to Process Your DataWhen you browse this website, we may process the following personal data concerning youThis may include:Your location and IP address. This helps us to present our content in an appropriate manner.The amount of time spent on a page and date/time of access. This information helps us learn how to improve our services and products.Your email address. This can be used for marketing communication (e.g. if you subscribe to a newsletter) or answering your queries (e.g. if you need to reach our customer service team).Data about your activities taken on partnered websites. We may process this information grouped with other similar data to help us create statistics about the usage of our services.The unique device identifier and the device type that you use to access our website. This helps us obtain traffic statistics.Browser version and type. This information helps us optimise the way you view our content.Operating system on your device. This helps with the further optimisation of our website.Our Cookie PolicyWe process the above listed data mainly through the use of cookies.The use of cookies enables us to improve site functionalities, promote our products and provide content from third parties.There is a dedicated Cookie Policy here that explains how we use them in detail.Legal Grounds for Processing Your DataThe legitimate interest as grounds for processing your personal data lays in our tendency, for example, to measure, gauge and improve the effectiveness of advertising available on the site , keep potential issues with our services to a minimum , to personalise your experience , update our products and services , keep the website secure and protected and further our communication with you .Our engagement with you via notifications (such as newsletters) is dependent on your consent.Processing your data may be necessary to comply with legal requirements and/or court orders.Your RightsSince we are an EU based company, the processing of your data falls under the scope of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).Your rights regarding personal data are defined by GDPR as the:Right of data portability. You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have about you in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format. Right of restriction. You have the right to request that we restrict or limit the processing of your personal information. Right of withdrawal. You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where we rely on your consent to process your personal information. Right of erasure. You have the right to initiate erasure of your personal data that we have collected. Right of objection to processing. You have the right, under limited circumstances, to object to our processing of your personal data. Right of access. You have the right to ask us for copies of your personal information that we hold. Right of rectification. You have the right to request correction of your personal data that you find inaccurate. Right to lodge a complaint. You have the right to lodge a complaint with your local or Danish Data Protection Authority if you feel that your rights are in violation.The relevant Data Protection Authority in EU Member States may be determined either by your place of habitual residence, or the place where the alleged infringement emerged.In Denmark, which is where we are registered, please direct your complaints to the
Danish Data Protection Agency at Datatilsynet, Borgergade 28, 5, DK-1300 Copenhagen K. For more information on these rights, or if you want to send us a request concerning your rights, you can contact us at How Do We Protect Your Data?The collection and processing of your personal data is limited by the requirements stated in this Policy.We only process data that we really need.We take it upon ourselves to regularly update your dataand we also store it in a secure manner.Data will only be processed for the amount of time that is required to achieve the goal of the analysis. We use technical and organisational measures in accordance with good industry practices to safeguard your information againstdisclosure,loss,theftand any other kind of unlawful use.Only staff that are appropriately authorised can access your data, whose knowledge and skills are necessary to fulfil their obligations arising out of, or in connection with the performance of their job.We apply different levels of access control to your data.Security and business requirements serve as a basis for these restrictions.Third Party RecipientsWe may share your data with third parties.Third parties are referred to in this Policy asindividuals, organisations and/or companies that are working in development, marketing, analytics or other fields who help us to provide and further develop our services.For the sake of executing tasks previously agreed upon, the third parties are given the right to process any necessary information.Only we can decide which of your data is going to be processed to perform delegated tasks, for which purpose and with which means. In addition, we may share your data with:Entities that the law requires or permits us to do so (e.g. law enforcement and public authorities) Employees or subcontractors of Better Collective A/S and its’ subsidiaries (members of the Better Collective Group) Transferring Your Data to Recipients from Third Countries Below is an overview of recipients outside of the European Economic Area (EEA) that we may transfer your data to:A recipient that is based in a country that does have an adequate level of protection, as approved by the European Commission. You may find out more about countries with an adequate level of protection
here.A recipient based in the US, in accordance with the Privacy Shield Framework. The Privacy Shield mechanism is explained
here.A recipient that is based in a country that does not have an adequate level of data protection, according to the European Commission. In this case, we will use Standard Contractual Clauses that require the recipient to protect your personal data to the same standards as it would be within the European Economic Area (EEA) and implement appropriate safeguards as required by the GDPR, with regard to the processing of your personal data. We may transfer your personal data outside of the (EEA)for reasons of improving our products or providing our services.We take all measures in relation to the recipients of your personal data, guaranteeingthat the level of data protection is in compliance with GDPR.Changes to this Privacy PolicyModifications of this Privacy Policy may occur when required.Updates may contain essential or minor modifications. Minor modifications do not impact your rights and obligations in connection with the processing of your personal data.If you continue to use our services after an updated Privacy Policy with minor modifications has been published, this means that the processing of your personal data is subject to the updated Privacy Policy and no other iterations. Nevertheless, you will be prompted If we make essential modifications to this Privacy Policy.These changes may affect your rights and obligations regarding the processing of your personal data.This Privacy Policy is effective from 25th May 2018.Read more: Cookie Policy | Privacy Policy
18+ | Commercial Content | Wagering and T&C's Apply | Play Responsibly
thebonuscode.net uses cookies to give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkRead more