http://www.coventryblaze.co.uk/fanzone/coventry-blaze-privacy-policy
Coventry Blaze Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally Identifiable Information' (PII) is being used by the Coventry Blaze Ice Hockey Club. PII, is described as information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle Personally Identifiable Information.
When/how do we collect information and how is this stored?
We collection information in a variety of ways:
1) We receive a list of e-mail addresses of those who book tickets via Planet Ice (iceaccount.co.uk) once per-month - stored securely on mailchimp.com
2) Via the Newsletter sign-up on the home page of coventryblaze.co.uk. First name, surname and e-mail addresses are collected on submission of voluntary sign-up - stored securely on mailchimp.com
3) Via opt-in of a social media competition. First name, surname (or more likely company name) and e-mail addresses (and possibly telephone number) stored on mailchimp.com
3) Via submission of Season Ticket or other booking forms such as Birthday packages (e-mail, in-person or telephone)
The Season Ticket form includes submission of the following:
First name and surname
Full address including postcode
Daytime and mobile telephone number
Date of birth if applying for under 16, 16-18 or senior season ticket
Credit/Debit card details
Signature
Paper forms are stored securely in a locked away file within the Blaze office - First name, surname and e-mail addresses are the only data stored online. These are added and stored securely on mailchimp.com and on a spreadsheet within protected account of the Coventry Blaze at docs.google.com. Credit/debit card details are NOT stored online by the Coventry Blaze.
We do not collect information from visitors to our website.
We collect your first name, surname and email address in order to:
Send periodic e-mails regarding tickets (order confirmation, tickets to print)
To send a regular newsletter (only to those subscribed)
To advertise and promote future games and club events, this includes offers of products or packages for sale such as jersey sales and fan experience packages
To promote offers of our partners
We agree to the following:
• Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses
• Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way
• Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used
• Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly
• Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email
How do we protect your information?
We use well-established secure sites such as mailchimp.com and Google docs where a secure login is required to store and access data
We do not use vulnerability scanning and/or scanning to PCI standards
We do not use an SSL certificate on coventryblaze.co.uk
• We do not need an SSL because we do not sell anything via our website
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information unless we provide users with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when it's release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
coventryblaze.co.uk
Do we use 'cookies'?
We do not use cookies for tracking purposes on our website
Third-party links
We do not include or offer third-party products or services on our website
Google
We have not enabled Google AdSense on our site but we may do so in the future
We agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously
Does our site allow third-party behavioral tracking?
We do not allow third-party behavioral tracking
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify you via email
• Within 7 business days
Use of photographs online
In order to help make our PR and social media engaging for our fans, the Coventry Blaze have been making increased use of photographs from our games, not only game action but also of the crowd, not least for our #FaceInTheCrowd feature on Social Media.
Whilst we make every effort to ensure that all photos used are appropriate for purpose and the people in them look their very best, we are aware that some individuals may wish for their picture not to be appear online.
We would like to kindly remind fans that if you purchase a ticket for a Blaze game, given the amount of photographs taken there is every chance you will appear in the crowd.
Please do note though, if there is a picture used in Blaze PR which you would like removed, please email office@coventryblaze.co.uk and we will have the photo taken offline as soon as possible.
Contacting Us
You can change your personal information:
• By emailing us (office@coventryblaze.co.uk)
• By calling us (02477719919)
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
www.coventryblaze.co.uk
Skydome Arena
Coventry, West Midlands CV1 3AZ
England
office@coventryblaze.co.uk
02477719919
You will be notified of any Privacy Policy changes:
• On our Privacy Policy Page
Last Edited on 2018-05-08
Blaze TV
Catch up with Gameplan crew
Blaze vs. Panthers | Friday the 13th
Blaze vs. Giants | 4th November 2012
View all Blaze videos
Blaze Talk
Listen to all Blaze audios