http://www.leicestergirlsleague.co.uk/privacy.asp
Home
League News
Recruitment
Online Forms
Contact Us
Referee's
Downloads
History
Sponsors
2019 / 2020League Season
Under 8s
Under 9s
Under 10s
Under 11s Yellow
Under 11s Green
Under 12s Yellow
Under 12s Green
Under 13s Yellow
Under 13s Green
Under 14s Yellow
Under 14s Green
Under 15s
Under 16s
Under 17s
Leicester City and County Girls Football League Site Privacy Policy
We are committed to maintaining your privacy.
What information do we collect?
We collect information about you if you register or contact us, we only keep the information if you tick the box requesting us to keep you updated.
What will the data will be used for?
Your details will be used to help us process your requested information only.
We will send you emails, keeping you informed about your club and partnership programs with sponsors. If you do not wish to receive email newsletters and information from us simply unsubscribe from the email at any time by sending an email by reply with the word 'Unsubscribe, Leicester City and County Girls Football League' in the subject line or follow the information at the foot of the email.
Information on page views, how you found the site, browser used etc is collected on all users for marketing purpose's only, no personal information is collected at any time. Cookie's are used only as an id number for repeated site view statistics, no harm to your personal security is breached, you may turn your cookies off if you do not wish us to gather this information from you.
We will not disclose your data to any other organisation without your explicit consent. By using this website, you consent to the information you give us being processed for any of the purposes we have explained above except where we have received your 'Unsubscribe Leicester City and County Girls Football League' email.
Customer Feedback.
If you have any comments, queries or complaints relating to our privacy policy or any general comments please contact us.
For details on your privacy rights visit the www.dataprotection.gov.uk web site for the latest on Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations.
Average Club Respect Score
--.-- Points Per Game
Club Respect League Table
View the
LeagueRespect DocumentClick here
Leicestershire &Rutland CFA News
Privacy Policy   |
Disclaimer
Designed & Built by JW Media
Charter Standard
Club Links
Match Form
Postponement Form
Referee Reports
Committee Members