http://www.pspmediagroup.co.uk/privacy-policy
Home
PSP Media Group Privacy Policy
PSP Media Group Privacy Policy
Introduction
PSP Media Group Ltd understands that your privacy is important to you and that you care about how your personal data is used. We respect and value the privacy of all of our customers and will only collect and use personal data in ways that are described here, and in a way that is consistent with our obligations and your rights under the law.
Information About Us
PSP Media Group Ltd is a Limited company registered in Scotland under company number SC158316
Our Registered address: PSP House, 50 High Craighall Road, Glasgow, G4 9UD.
Our Main trading address: PSP House, 50 High Craighall Road, Glasgow, G4 9UD.
Our VAT number: GB 659 0524 23
Our Data Protection Officer is: Rachel Bradshaw who can be contacted by the following:
email address: dpo@psp.uk.net
Telephone number: 0141 353 2222
Postal Address: PSP Media Group Ltd, PSP House, 50 High Craighall Road, Glasgow G4 9UD
We are regulated by Independent Press Standards Organisation (“IPSO”)
We are a member of Audit Bureau of Circulations Ltd (“ABC”)
What Does This Notice Cover?
This Privacy Information explains how we use your personal data: how it is collected, how it is held, and how it is processed. It also explains your rights under the law relating to your personal data.
What is Personal Data?
Personal data is defined by the General Data Protection Regulation (EU Regulation 2016/679) (the “GDPR”) as ‘any information relating to an identifiable person who can be directly or indirectly identified in particular by reference to an identifier’.
Personal data is, in simpler terms, any information about you that enables you to be identified. Personal data covers obvious information such as your name and contact details, but it also covers less obvious information such as identification numbers, electronic location data, and other online identifiers.
The personal data that we use is set out in Part 5, below.
What Are My Rights?
Under the GDPR, you have the following rights, which we will always work to uphold:
The right to be informed about our collection and use of your personal data. This Privacy Notice should tell you everything you need to know, but you can always contact us to find out more or to ask any questions using the details in Part 11.
The right to access the personal data we hold about you. Part 10 will tell you how to do this.
The right to have your personal data rectified if any of your personal data held by us is inaccurate or incomplete. Please contact us using the details in Part 11 to find out more.
The right to be forgotten, i.e. the right to ask us to delete or otherwise dispose of any of your personal data that we have. Please contact us using the details in Part 11 to find out more.
The right to restrict (i.e. prevent) the processing of your personal data.
The right to object to us using your personal data for a particular purpose or purposes.
The right to data portability. This means that, if you have provided personal data to us directly, we are using it with your consent or for the performance of a contract, and that data is processed using automated means, you can ask us for a copy of that personal data to re-use with another service or business in many cases.
Rights relating to automated decision-making and profiling. We do not use your personal data in this way.
For more information about our use of your personal data or exercising your rights as outlined above, please contact us using the details provided in Part 11.
Further information about your rights can also be obtained from the Information Commissioner’s Office or your local Citizens Advice Bureau.
If you have any cause for complaint about our use of your personal data, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office.
What Personal Data Do You Collect?
We may collect some or all of the following personal data (this will vary according to your relationship with us):
Name
Address
Telephone Number
Email Address
Date of Birth
Age
Gender
Lifestyle Information
Golf Handicap
Business Name
Job Title
Profession
Payment Information
Bank Details
Purchase History
Your personal data may also be obtained from the following thrid parties:
Online marketing providers such as Unique Magazines, I Subscribe for the purpose of processing subscription offers
Online marketing providers such as Groupon, Itison, 5PM, Wowcher, Ticketmaster for the purpose of processing event offers
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 16 for marketing purposes.
How Do You Use My Personal Data?
Under the GDPR, we must always have a lawful basis for using personal data. This may be because the data is necessary for our performance of a contract with you, because you have consented to our use of your personal data, or because it is in our legitimate business interests to use it. Your personal data may be used for one of the following purposes:
Providing and managing your online account.
Providing and managing your magazine or newspaper subscriptions.
Supplying our products and services to you. Your personal details are required in order for us to enter into a contract with you.
Personalising and tailoring our products and services for you.
Communicating with you. This may include responding to emails or calls from you.
Supplying you with information by email, text message or post that you have opted-in to (you may unsubscribe or opt-out at any time by clicking the unsubscribe button at the bottom of each and every message or by contacting our Data Protection Officer as detailed above in Part 1. Please be aware that this will not unsubscribe you from our service based messages such as subscription reminders
With your permission and/or where permitted by law, we may also use your personal data for marketing purposes, which may include contacting you by email, telephone, text message or post with information, news, and offers on our products and services. You will not be sent any unlawful marketing or spam. We will always work to fully protect your rights and comply with our obligations under the GDPR and the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003, and you will always have the opportunity to opt-out.
How Long Will You Keep My Personal Data?
We will not keep your personal data for any longer than is necessary in light of the reason(s) for which it was first collected. Your personal data will therefore be kept for the following periods (or, where there is no fixed period, the following factors will be used to determine how long it is kept):
We store data in relation to subscriptions, agreements and purchases you have entered into for a period of seven years in line with our current accountancy practices
We store data in relation to competitions, communications and marketing for a period of five years after your last communication with us, unless you withdraw consent. If you withdraw consent it will be deleted within a month
How and Where Do You Store or Transfer My Personal Data?
We will only store or transfer your personal data within the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). The EEA consists of all EU member states, plus Norway, Iceland, and Liechtenstein. This means that your personal data will be fully protected under the GDPR or to equivalent standards by law.
Do You Share My Personal Data?
Except as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy or in the data collection statements that will always be visible when we collect your information and where we give you the opportunity to select your preferences, we may release your data to external companies that we use to process orders, delivery and marketing or to supply you with a prize in the event you win a competition for instance.
In some cases, those third parties may require access to some or all of your personal data that we hold.
If any of your personal data is required by a third party, as described above, we will take steps to ensure that your personal data is handled safely, securely, and in accordance with your rights, our obligations, and the third party’s obligations under the law, as described above in Part 8.
We may share your personal data with a third-party auditing organisation (ABC) so that they can verify aggregated statistics about circulation and usage of our products or review our policies, processes and procedures for compliance with relevant standards. You can view their privacy policy by following www.abc.org.uk/privacy-policy
In some limited circumstances, we may be legally required to share certain personal data, which might include yours, if we are involved in legal proceedings or complying with legal obligations, a court order, or the instructions of a government authority.
How Can I Access My Personal Data?
If you want to know what personal data we have about you, you can ask us for details of that personal data and for a copy of it (where any such personal data is held). This is known as a “subject access request”.
All subject access requests should be made in writing and sent to the email or postal addresses shown in Part 11.
There is not normally any charge for a subject access request. If your request is ‘manifestly unfounded or excessive’ (for example, if you make repetitive requests) a fee may be charged to cover our administrative costs in responding.
We will respond to your subject access request within 14 days and in any case, not more than one month of receiving it. Normally, we aim to provide a complete response, including a copy of your personal data within that time. In some cases, however, particularly if your request is more complex, more time may be required up to a maximum of three months from the date we receive your request. You will be kept fully informed of our progress.
How Do I Contact You?
To contact us about anything to do with your personal data and data protection, including to make a subject access request, please use the following details (for the attention of Rachel Bradshaw)
Email address: dpo@psp.uk.net
Telephone number: 0141 353 2222.
Postal Address: PSP Media Group Ltd, PSP House, 50 High Craighall Road, Glasgow G4 9UD.
Changes to this Privacy Notice
We may change this Privacy Notice from time to time. This may be necessary, for example, if the law changes, or if we change our business in a way that affects personal data protection.
We may notify you by sending an email to your last known email address or writing to your last known postal address to direct you to the Privacy Policy if the changes are material. Our dispatch of a communication to you will, in any event, constitute notification.
Any changes will be effective immediately.
This Privacy Policy was last revised in May 2018.
Bunkered Magazine, Scottish Club Golfer, English Club Golfer, Tourist Guides, Bunkered Golf Club
Discover our brands
Over 5 million people are engaging with our magazines & websites
Advertise with us