https://www.craigielawgolfclub.com/privacypolicy/
LegalPrivacy PolicyPRIVACY NOTICE – Members/Volunteers/Visitors/Residents
What we need
Wemyss and March Estates Gosford Ltd Trading as Craigielaw Golf Club will be a “controller” of the personal information that you provide to us in any joining/booking form or through our website/email.
Members personal data:
When you register as a member of Craigielaw Golf Club; renew your membership (including if you are registering or renewing on behalf of a child under the age of 18); we may ask you for the following personal information:
contact details – name, address, email address, date of birth, contact number etc.
criteria – membership category
payment details – bank account number, sort code, card details, etc.
participation details – for example, club, etc.
equality information – for example, disability, etc.
Volunteers personal data:
When you volunteer with Craigielaw Golf Club, we may ask you for the following personal information:
contact details – name, address, email address, date of birth, etc.;
participation details – for example, club, etc.;
payment details – bank account number, sort code, card details, etc.;
equality information – for example, disability, etc.; and
any other personal information, for example, PVG membership, clothing sizes etc.
Visiting Golfers and Lodge Residents:
When visiting Craigielaw Golf Club as a golfing visitor and or a resident in our lodge accommodation, we may ask you for the following personal information:
Contact details – name, address, email address, phone number
payment details – bank account number, sort code, card details, etc
Participation details – home club, area/county, CDH number
Why we need your personal information – contractual purposes
We need to collect our members, volunteers, visitors and residents information so that we can manage your membership, booking or entry. We will use our members, visitors & volunteers personal information to:
set up your membership/booking account;
send you membership/booking communications by post or email in relation to essential membership/booking services
If you do not provide us with all of the personal information that we need to collect then this may affect our ability to offer the above services and benefits.
Why we need your personal information – legitimate purposes
We also process our members’, volunteers’ and visitors’/residents’ personal information in pursuit of our legitimate interests to:
promote and encourage participation in golf by sending members’ communications and booking information for upcoming competitions and events/offers. Our competitions and events may be filmed for live streaming purposes and your personal information may also be used in images captured from our competitions and events, which we use for promotional, education and development purposes.
provide competition in golf by accepting and managing entries for our competitions and checking your personal information to ensure you are entered into the correct category.
monitor and develop participation in golf/business by monitoring engagement and participation and inviting our members/visitors to participate in surveys for researching and development purposes.
invite our members/visitors as award winners or guests to our annual awards ceremony or seasonal events , which includes asking for nominations of individuals for awards and shortlisting such individuals to select the winners, who we will then contact.
Make our members/visitors aware of rate changes and special offers and to ensure that we are offering our customers the best prices for the desired services.
respond to and communicate with members regarding your questions, comments, support needs or complaints, concerns or allegations in relation to the club.
When you book golf, rooms, lessons, tables with us we need to collect your personal information so that we can honour your booking.
Where we process your personal information in pursuit of our legitimate interests, you have the right to object to us using your personal information for the above purposes. If you wish to object to any of the above processing, please contact us. If we agree and comply with your objection, this may affect our ability to undertake the tasks above for the benefit of you as a golfer, volunteer or resident.
Volunteers personal data:
We will need to collect personal information relating to criminal convictions or alleged commission of criminal offences where you are required to complete a PVG check under the Protection of Vulnerable Groups (Scotland) Act 2007. This information will include your PVG certificate number, PVG membership number, date of issue and any relevant information in relation to your membership of the PVG Scheme.
If your PVG certificate is not clear, we will have a legitimate interest to collect references and any other applicable information to allow us to consider whether or not you can volunteer in a regulated role with children and/or protected adults.
Where we process your personal information in pursuit of our legitimate interests, you have the right to object to us using your personal information for the above purposes. If you wish to object to any of the above processing, please contact us. If we comply with your objection, this may affect our ability to undertake the tasks above for the benefit of you as a volunteer.
Why we need your personal information – legal obligations
We are under a legal obligation to process certain personal information relating to our golfers, volunteers, players, etc. for the purposes of complying with our obligations under:
the Protection of Vulnerable Groups (Scotland) Act 2007 to check that our coaches and volunteers are able to undertake regulated work with children and protected adults;
the Equality Act 2010, which requires us to process personal information to make reasonable adjustments where necessary;
Other uses of your personal information
We may ask you if we can process your personal information for additional purposes. Where we do so, we will provide you with an additional privacy notice with information on how we will use your information for these additional purposes.
Who we share your personal information with
We may be required to share personal information with statutory or regulatory authorities and organisations to comply with statutory obligations. Such organisations include the Health & Safety Executive, Disclosure Scotland, Children 1st, Professional Golfers Association (PGA) and Police Scotland for the purposes of safeguarding children and/or protected adults.
We may also share personal information with our professional and legal advisors for the purposes of taking advice.
Craigielaw Golf Club uses third party suppliers to provide some services, including IT, CDH. These suppliers may process personal information on our behalf as “processors” and are subject to written contractual conditions to only process that personal information under our instructions and protect it.
In the event that we do share personal information with external third parties, we will only share such personal information strictly required for the specific purposes and take reasonable steps to ensure that recipients shall only process the disclosed personal information in accordance with those purposes.
Members personal data
We publish the results of our competitions on our website and in the clubhouse. These may include competitors’ name, age category, home club & result.
How we protect your personal information
Your personal information is stored on our electronic filing system and our servers and is accessed by our staff / volunteers for the purposes set out above.
How long we keep your personal information
We will only keep your personal information for as long as necessary to provide you with our services.
We have a data retention policy that sets out the periods for retaining and reviewing all information that we hold. This sets out different retention periods and you can request a copy by contacting us.
Your rights
You can exercise any of the following rights by writing to us Manager, Craigielaw Golf Club, Aberlady, East Lothian EH32 0PY
Your rights in relation to your personal information are:
you have a right to request access to the personal information that we hold about you by making a “subject access request”;
if you believe that any of your personal information is inaccurate or incomplete, you have a right to request that we correct or complete your personal information;
you have a right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information for specific purposes; and
if you wish us to delete your personal information, you may request that we do so.
Any requests received by Craigielaw Golf Club will be considered under applicable data protection legislation. If you remain dissatisfied, you have a right to raise a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office at www.ico.org.uk
Craigielaw Golf Club,
Aberlady, East Lothian,
EH32 0PY Scotland
T: +44 (0) 1875 870 800
F: +44 (0) 1875 870 620
E: info@craigielawgolfclub.com