https://www.arcaracing.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
BUY TICKETS
PRIVACY POLICY
This privacy policy describes how we handle your personal information received and collected through the ARCA Racing Web Site (the "Site"). By accepting the Privacy Policy and the Conditions of Use Agreement through your use of this Site and/or in registration of an account or other use of this Site, you expressly consent to our collection, storage, use and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is effective upon your use of this Site for any reason and shall continue to be effective thereafter for all users until such time as this Privacy Policy shall be revised. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, you must discontinue use of this Site.
COLLECTION
When you utilize the Site, we may receive certain personally non-identifiable information about your use of the Site. Such information, which is collected passively using various technologies, cannot presently be used to specifically identify you. We may store such information ourselves or it may be included in databases owned and maintained by our affiliates, agents or service providers. We may use such information and pool it with other information to track, for example, the total number of visitors to the Site, the number of visitors to each page of the Site, and the domain names of our visitors' Internet service providers.
Once you give us your personal information, you are not anonymous to us. If you choose to provide us with personal information, you consent to the transfer and storage of that information to our servers. We may collect, store, and use any and all information from your use of the Site, including the following personal information: all registration information you provide, including, but not limited to, email address, physical contact information, personal interests, or any other personal content you post to the Site; transactional information based on your activities on the Site (such as searching, including item and content you generate from such search or that relates to your account); computer sign-on data, statistics on page views, traffic to and from the Site, and other information, including IP address and standard web log information; and supplemental information from third parties.
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 and do not target our websites to children under 13. If you are under 13, please do not submit any personal information through the Site. As provided in our Conditions of Use, parents and legal guardians must monitor their children's usage of this Site and must assist ARCA Racing in enforcement of our Privacy Policy by instructing their children not to transmit any personal information on this Site. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided personal information to us through this Site, please contact us at privacy@arcaracing.com, and we will take the necessary action as we deem appropriate.
MARKETING
In order to develop our business and provide you with products or services you may be interested in, we may sell or rent your personal information to third parties for marketing purposes and you consent to our use of your information for this purpose. We may combine your information with the information we collect from other companies (such as demographic data) to improve and personalize our services.
USE
You agree that we may use your personal information to: provide the services and customer support you request; resolve disputes, collect fees, and troubleshoot problems; prevent, potentially prohibited or illegal activities, and enforce our Conditions of Use; customize, measure, and improve our services and the Site's content and layout; tell you about targeted marketing, service updates, and promotional offers; and compare information for accuracy, and verify it with third parties; create products and services for sale to third parties for target marketing or other purposes; and for any other purpose as may be set forth in this Privacy Policy or in the Conditions of Use as amended from time to time.
OUR DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may disclose personal information to respond to legal requirements, enforce our policies, respond to claims that a listing or other content violates the rights of others, or protect anyone's rights, property, or safety. We may also share your personal information with: members of our corporate family to help detect and prevent potentially illegal acts and provide joint services; law enforcement or other governmental officials, in response to a verified request relating to a criminal investigation or alleged illegal activity (In such events we will disclose name, city, state, telephone number, and email address); and other business entities, should we plan to merge with, or be acquired by that business entity. ARCA Racing and any related entity or individual shall not be liable under any circumstances for any disclosure of any kind whether intentional or unintentional.
COOKIES
We use cookies (small files placed on your hard drive) on certain pages of the Site to help analyze our web page flow, customize our services, and measure promotional effectiveness.
You may encounter cookies from third parties on certain pages of the Site that we do not control. (For example, if you view a web page created by another user, there may be a cookie placed by that web page.) We are not responsible for cookies placed by web sites not under our control and any information obtained by such cookies.
ACCOUNT PROTECTION
If you have registered on this Site for an account, your password is the key to your account to protect the information you provided. Use unique numbers, letters, and special characters and do not disclose your ARCA Racing password to anyone. If you do share your password or personal information with others, remember that you are responsible for all actions taken in the name of your account. If you lose control of your password, you may lose substantial control over your personal information and may be subject to legally binding actions taken on your behalf. Therefore, if your password has been compromised for any reason, you should immediately notify ARCA Racing at privacy@arcaracing.com and change your password.
ACCESSING, REVIEWING AND CHANGING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
You can see, review and change all of your personal information by logging into the Site. Generally, we will not manually modify your personal information because it is very difficult to verify your identity remotely. You must promptly update your personal information if it changes or is inaccurate. Upon your request, we will immediately close your account and remove your personal information from view. We do retain personal information from closed accounts in order to comply with law, prevent fraud, collect any fees owed, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our ARCA Racing Conditions of Use, and take other actions otherwise permitted by law.
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
Please note that this Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Policy without your explicit consent, and we expect most such changes will be minor. Regardless, we will post any Policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Policy changes). Each version of this Policy will be identified at the top of the page by its effective date, and we will also keep prior versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review.
Your European Privacy Rights
Please note that if you are in the European Union or the European Economic Area, you also have the right to:
obtain confirmation of the existence of your information in our database
verify the origin and accuracy of your information
request that we correct, update, amend, delete, or transform your information into anonymous form
provide you information about how we use your information
oppose the processing of your information on legitimate grounds
lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority
Please know that in order for us to respond to your request we may require that you verify your identity. We are based in the United States and our products are offered in English.  Requests submitted in another language will require translation.
Rights for Our California Residents
This section explains how we collect and share personal information about California residents (“California Customers”) and their privacy rights.
I.            Notice of Information Collection for California Consumers
What Information Do We Collect About You?
Where Do We Collect this Information From?
Why Do We Collect this Information?
Who Do We Share this Information With?
Contact Information (e.g., name, email, postal address, zip code, telephone number, etc.)
§ From you when you register on our sites, subscribe to one of our newsletters, memberships, sign up for a service, promotion, purchase our products, or otherwise submit this information to us.
§   To contact you.
§   To provide products or services to you, or handle your other requests.
§   To market our products and services to you.
§   To create and manage your account when you sign up, and to service your account.
§   To prevent fraud and protect our customers and business, including verifying your identity, and securing our track facilities.
§ Service Providers (companies that use your personal information to provide services to us, including advertising, administering contests, website support, analytics, payment processing, and customer service).
§ Other companies in the ARCA RACING family, including our affiliates.
Account/Registration Information (e.g., name, username, password, account preferences, income level, etc.)
§ From you when you create an account or register with us.
§ To create and manage your account when you sign up, and to service your account.
§ Service Providers (companies that use your personal information to provide services to us, including advertising, administering contests, website support, analytics, payment processing, and customer service).
§ Other companies in the ARCA RACING family, including our affiliates.
Interests, Demographics and other Behavioral Data (e.g., interests (such as the athletes and brands you like) ,purchase behaviors, age, race, gender)
§ From you when you share that information with us on surveys, registration forms or other forms.
§ To help us identify you and understand your interests and preferences so that we can customize your experience with us.
§ Service Providers (companies that use your personal information to provide services to us, including advertising, administering contests, website support, analytics, payment processing, and customer service).
§ Other companies in the ARCA RACING family, including our affiliates.
Online/Device Identifiers (e.g., IP addresses, device IDs, operating systems, mobile network providers, settings, and other information we use to recognize your device)
§ From tracking technologies (such as pixels or cookies placed on web pages or emails), which collect information about you when you visit us.
§ To improve our products and services.
§ To help us measure the effectiveness of our platforms and the ads they display, including the locations visitors frequent on our sites, whether you click on ads or buy the products/services advertised.
§ To customize your experience with so that you receive content that is relevant to you.
§ Service Providers (companies that use your personal information to provide services to us, including advertising, administering contests, website support, analytics, payment processing, and customer service).
§ Other companies in the ARCA RACING family, including our affiliates.
Online Activity Information (e.g., browsing history, search history, and other information about your interactions with our platforms)
§ From tracking technologies (such as pixels or cookies placed on web pages or emails), which collect information about you when you visit our online platforms.
§ To improve our products and services.
§ To help us measure the effectiveness of our platforms and the ads they display, including the locations visitors frequent on our sites, whether you click on ads or buy the products/services advertised.
§ To customize your experience on our platforms so that you receive relevant content.
§ Service Providers (companies that use your personal information to provide services to us, including advertising, administering contests, website support, analytics, payment processing, and customer service).
§ Other companies in the ARCA RACING family, including our affiliates.
Payment Information (e.g., billing address, shipping address, credit card or bank account number, card verification value, etc.)
§ From you when your place an order for our products or services or make a reservation.
§  To process your orders, reservations, and any refund requests.
§  To verify your identity, when you contact us about your purchases or reservations.
§ Service Providers (companies allowed to only use your personal information to process your purchases and reservations on our behalf).
Location Information (e.g., information about your location or device such as city, state or zip code)
§ From you when using our services, such our interactive game sites.
§ Service Providers companies allowed to only use your personal information to provide services to us, including hosting our sites and mobile apps, securing our track facilities, analytics, and advertising).
§ To customize your experience so that you receive relevant information about our services and products (e.g., upcoming events in your area, perks available near you, access to location-based social networks and communities, etc.)
§ To protect our customers and business, including our platforms and security at our track facilities.
§ Service Providers (companies allowed to only use your personal information to provide services to us, including advertising, website support, and analytics).
§ Data Partners (these are companies that we share personal information with to help us identify potential customers, and to understand who you are and what you may be interested in).
§ Other ARCA RACING affiliates.
II.        Your California Privacy Rights
What Rights Do You Have?
§  Right to Know - You have the right to ask us to tell you what personal information of yours we collect, use, share or sell.
§  Right to Access – You have the right to request access to the personal information of yours we collect or maintain.
§  Right to Request Deletion - You have the right to ask us to delete the personal information we collect or maintain about you.
§  No Discrimination - You have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising the rights above.
You also have Shine the Light Rights – You have the right to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, a list of the third parties to whom we have disclosed certain types of personal information (if any) for their direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year. At our option, we may respond to such requests by providing instructions about how our users can exercise their options to prevent our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
III.      How Do You Submit These Requests to Us?
California residents can exercise these rights:
§  Shine the Light Rights
§  Requests to Access/Know
§  Request to Delete
By contacting us at privacy@arcaracing.com
We will need to verify that you are who you say you are before we delete or share personal information with you.  After you submit your request to our individual rights management tool, you will be sent a confirmation email and need to click on the link provided. If you make a request via email, we may need to request more information from you in order to verify your request.
Effective Date: January 1, 2020
Partners
STAY IN TOUCH - SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Sign up for the latest news and happenings from ARCA
You have been signed up successfully.
There was a security issue.
There was an issue processing your request.
You are already subscribed to this newsletter.
First Name
This field is required
Last Name
This field is required
Email
This field is required
Sign Up
Successfully Subscribed. Thank you.