http://www.rtmsnowboarding.com/privacy-policy/
RTM Snowboarding | Privacy Policy - RTM Snowboarding
+44 (0) 798 998 8774
info@rtmsnowboarding.com
YouTubeTwitterInstagramFacebook
RTM Snowboarding
British Snowboard School in Courchevel, Meribel and La Tania
Home
About Us
About
Feedback
Terms and Conditions
Lessons and Courses
Snowboard Lessons Overview
Courchevel/Meribel Courses
UK Snowboard Courses
Prices
Social
Social Media
Blog – Courchevel & Meribel
Discover
Friends
RTM Recommends
Resort Information
Practical Stuff
Enquire/Book
MENU
CLOSE
back
Privacy PolicyYou are here:HomePrivacy Policy
This Privacy Policy explains what information RTM Snowboarding (hereafter known as RTM) collects about its users, and what we do with that information. This policy applies only to analytics obtained through your use of rtmsnowboarding.com. Website VisitorsLike most website operators, rtmsnowboarding.com collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Our purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how rtmsnowboarding.com’s visitors use our website.rtmsnowboarding.com also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. We do not use such information to identify our visitors, however, and this information is anonymised before being presented to administrators, and will never be disclosed to persons outside of RTM. Gathering of Personally-Identifying InformationCertain aspects of rtmsnowboarding.com have facilities to collect personal information for a specific purpose. For example, in our contact or enquiry forms. This information is only stored for the purpose of responding to contact form submissions, and will never be disclosed to any persons outside of RTM. Visitors are also of course able to refuse to supply this information by not using our contact form and contacting us through other means. Protection of InformationInformation collected from visitors to rtmsnowboarding.com is collected, processed and stored using the analytics service Google Analytics. This information will not be sent elsewhere and will only be accessible to the RTM team. Aggregated StatisticsRTM may collect statistics about the behaviour of visitors to our website. For instance, we may reveal how many visits a particularly page got, a breakdown of the type of device used to access rtmsnowboarding.com, or anonymised geographical information in the form of country or region, for example, United Kingdom, Highland. CookiesA cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. rtmsnowboarding.com avoids using cookies on our own site, however third party services we use or link to such as Google Analytics or Facebook may set cookies outside of our control. ContactIf you would like to get in touch with us about our privacy policy, analytics or otherwise, please see below.Email: info@rtmsnowboarding.com
Extra Info Copyright © 2018 RTM Snowboarding.
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Search…
Contact Details Email Info: info@rtmsnowboarding.com
Phone: +44 (0) 798 998 8774
Email Rob: rob@rtmsnowboarding.com
Terms and conditions can be found here.
FacebookRTM Snowboarding