https://www.bab.org.uk/bab-website-privacy-policy/
skip to Main Content
Welcome to the British Aikido Board
The British Aikido Board seeks to:-
Represent the majority of bona fide organisations practicing aikido in the United Kingdom.
Support, encourage and promote the highest standards of aikido within an environment of mutual respect for offering styles practiced.
Raise awareness of the value of aikido not only as a contributor towards healthy living, but also in the development of adults, young people and children, without regard to race, gender or creed.
The British Aikido Board operates primarily through its member Associations. There are 35 currently Full Member Associations with 11 Associate and Probationary Member Associations of regional and national status, who each retain their independence, both technically and financially, with a combined membership of some 5,000 , which includes 1222 instructors holding current Coaching Awards.
The Board is recognised by Sport England , as the only governing body for aikido in the United Kingdom and is a member of the Sport and Recreation Alliance.
Join UsConstitutionBAB OfficersBAB Job Spec'sPoliciesContact Us
The Board seeks to further the advancement of all styles of aikido and to establish and monitor standards of safety and behaviour for practitioners of aikido.
The Board advises member Associations on all relevant UK and European legislation and procedures and develops appropriate policies and codes of practice.
Other services provided include:-
•  Insurance cover, for members, instructors and Associations.
•  Promotion of a Nationally recognised Coaching Scheme in conjunction with UK Coaching / Sport England.
•  Organising a National Courses.
•  Supporting initiatives to encourage the teaching of Aikido in schools.
•  Publishing Newsletters and specialist information bulletins eg. Safeguarding and Coaching.
The Board has completed a number of initiatives, arising from the work of their major Governance Audit and through the adoption of a wide range of recommendations, contained in their Aikido Development Plan will support their key objective of encouraging all Aikido groups to join together under this “Aikido umbrella”.
Entering Amazon from here before you purchase ensures the BAB is supported by Amazon.
Click here to see our latest news
Entering Amazon from here before you purchase ensures the BAB is supported by Amazon.
Entering Amazon from here before you purchase ensures the BAB is supported by Amazon.
Entering Amazon from here before you purchase ensures the BAB is supported by Amazon.
Entering Amazon from here before you purchase ensures the BAB is supported by Amazon.
Entering Amazon from here supports the BAB.
British Aikido Board
TwitterFacebookInstagramYoutubeEmailPhone
Overview
Please read this Privacy Policy and the site Terms and Conditions before using this site. The Privacy Policy set out below shall apply to all users of the site. The terms ‘you’, ‘your’ and ‘user’ refer to any individual and/or business accessing this site for any reason. References to ‘we’, ‘us’ and ‘our’ are references to BAB. The information we collect from you is only that required by us in order to provide you with the information you have requested and to improve the service we provide. Except as provided in this Privacy Policy, we do not supply your personal information to any other person.
Personal Information
In general, we gather information about all of our users collectively, such as what areas you visit most frequently and what services you access the most. We only use this anonymously and aggregated with other users’ information to protect your privacy. The information collected helps us determine what features and services are of most benefit to you in order to create the best possible service for you.
Specific Information
In some instances, such as when you register as a member of BAB to access the members area of our website or enter a competition, we may require more specific information about you, such as name, e-mail address, postcode etc. We use this information to verify your BAB membership, to make you aware of new services, which may be of interest to you, or to contact you regarding site changes and updates. You may opt out of receiving these updates at any time by sending an email to webmaster@bab.org.uk
General Information
We do not disclose your individual visits to our site, or personal information that you provide, such as your name, e-mail address, postcode, etc., to any outside parties, except when we believe the law requires it. We are not responsible for any information inputted outside our site.
Online Surveys
www.bab.org.uk values your opinion and comments, so we may from time to time conduct online surveys. Your participation in these surveys is entirely optional. Typically, the information is aggregated and used to make improvements to the site and to develop appealing content, features and promotions for you. Your contribution to any survey will be anonymous unless otherwise stated in the survey.
Feedback
Please submit any feedback to us. Feedback is used primarily for internal purposes to aid us in improving the site. Any feedback submitted becomes our property and we may use feedback, such as success stories, for marketing purposes, or to contact you for further feedback. We will seek your written or email approval before using your personal success story for marketing purposes.
Cookies
‘Cookies’ are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. We use cookies in several ways, for example to allow you to log in, to keep track of your preferences, and for us to track usage of the site. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but if you prefer not to accept them, you can edit your browser options to block them in the future.
IP Addresses and Log Files
We may collect IP addresses of visitors to our site to help diagnose problems with our servers and for system administration. We shall only use these addresses for technical and tracking purposes unless otherwise required by the law. We capture industry standard information contained in the server log file, such as browser type, pages visited, entry and exit points and visit duration solely for the purposes of analysis. Information contained in log files is intended for internal use only and will not be disclosed to our Partners. The aggregate logged information is not linked to any personally identifiable information.
Access to Information held by us
You have a right to access the information that we hold about you. To obtain a copy you should email us at babsecretary@bab.org.uk or write to British Aikido Board, BAB Secretary, 6 Halkingcroft, Langley Slough, Berkshire, SL3 7AT. We may charge a reasonable fee for this service.
Privacy Policy Changes
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy for the site, we will post those changes on the site so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information, and whether we will disclose it to anyone. If, at any time, you have questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy, please email us at babsecretary@bab.org.uk Thank you for using ww.bab.org.uk. We hope you find it informative and professional and look forward to reading your comments and developing the site for your future use.
Policy Documents
Aikido Development Plan (2014 -2019)September 201523-11-2015
View PDF
BAB Anti Doping PolicyDecember 2020 10-12-2020
View PDF
BAB Data Processing Agreement with AssociationsAugust 2018 V115-08-2018
View PDF
BAB Data Protection Policy (GDPR)August 2018 V104-11-2019
View PDF
BAB Data Protection Procedures (GDPR)August 2018 V115-08-2018
View PDF
BAB Equality Policy 2019November 201901-11-2019
View PDF
BAB Vulnerable Adults Safeguarding and Protection Policy (VASPP)November 201508-11-2015
View PDF
BAB Web Site Policies (as displayed in the site general code)May 200912-05-2009
View PDF
Bab Website Cookie PolicyAugust 2018 V115-08-2018
View PDF
BAB Website Privacy PolicyAugust 2018 V115-08-2018
View PDF
BAB Website Terms and Conditions (GDPR)August 2018 V115-08-2018
View PDF
Child Safeguarding & Protection Policy (CSPP)December 2020 Version 108-12-2020
View PDF
Recruitment and DBS Guidance5th May 201610-03-2017
View PDF
If you need more information about aikido,
contact the management team.
Get In Touch
Copyright British Aikido Board. 2020 - All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Terms & Conditions
Back To Top
The BAB website uses cookies. We assume this is acceptable, but you may opt-out .
Read our Policy Cookie settingsAccept RejectPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.