http://www.ratetheref.net/terms/
Rate The Ref - Rate Referee’s Performance in the Premier League, Champions League,
World Cup, and local campaigns
Accessibility Links
Skip to content
Skip to navigation
Main Menu
Sponsor Here
| FAQ
Home |
Matches |
Referees |
Whistleblowers Blog |
You are not logged on / Become a member!
Terms
Are you actually reading this??! Really!?
Ok well we had better tell you some terms of the site then!
Rate The Ref - Legal Information
Disclaimer
Access to and use of the Rate The Ref site (www.ratetheref.net or any sites that lead/point to it) (hereinafter referred to as "this site") is provided by Clock Ltd ( http://www.clock.co.uk) ("us" or "we") subject to these Site Terms. ("us" or "we") subject to these Site Terms.
Your use of any part of this site constitutes your acceptance of these Site Terms, which take effect on the date on which you first use this site. We reserve the right to change these Site Terms at any time by posting changes online. You are responsible for regularly reviewing information posted online to obtain timely notice of such changes. Your continued use of this site after changes are posted constitutes your acceptance of the amended Site Terms.
Whilst we endeavour to make this site available 24 hours a day, we shall not be liable if for any reason this site is unavailable at any time or for any period. Access to this site may be suspended temporarily or permanently and without notice.
Any information found on this site is intended for general guidance only. If you would like advice specific to your circumstances, please contact us. We may change this site and anything described in it without notice to you.
Whilst we endeavour to ensure that information on this site is correct, no warranty, express or implied, is given as to its accuracy. Except for death or personal injury resulting from our negligence, we shall not be liable or any damages or losses (including, without limitation, damages for loss of business or loss of profits) arising in contract, tort or otherwise from the use of or inability to use this site, or any material contained in it, or from any action or decision taken as a result of using this site or any such material.
We do not warrant that this site will be compatible with all hardware and software which you may use. Although we may put in place security measures for your protection, we shall not be liable for damage to, or viruses that may affect, any computer equipment, software, data or other property as a result of your access to, use of or browsing of this site or your downloading of any material.
You shall not submit any material or information to us or to this site which is in any respect in breach of any statute, regulation or byelaw of any jurisdiction or which may breach the intellectual rights or privacy or other rights of any third party or which may be defamatory, obscene or indecent.
You shall fully and promptly indemnify us against all damages, proceedings, claims, demands, liabilities, losses, charges, costs and expenses which we may suffer or incur as a result (direct or indirect) of any material, information or data submitted by you to us or to this site.
The Rate The Ref name and logo and all related product and service names, design marks and slogans are registered European trademarks.
We accept no responsibility for the content of any site to which a link from this site exists. The links are provided as is with no warranty, express or implied, for the information provided within them..
If you have any questions, comments or suggestions about the way in which we use your personal data, please e-mail us at referee@ratetheref.net
Our policy
We are committed to protecting your privacy. We will only use the data which we collect about you lawfully in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998.
We own and control the data collected on our site, which we may use for our internal marketing and to improve our site. We do not disclose this data to third parties, unless required by law or court order or to enable third parties to provide certain services to us, for example web hosting. However, we will at all times control and be responsible for that use of your data.
We collect your personal data, which you voluntarily submit to us, for example when you complete a form on our site. We may use this data to provide you with newsletters and other information which you may have requested. We will only send you information using the data collected on our site when you request it.
We take appropriate steps to protect your data both online and off-line. We use firewalls to protect the information on our servers.
Cookies
Our site uses cookies. A "cookie" is a small file on your computer which stores certain information about your online browsing. Cookies help us recognise you as a prior site visitor, to personalise your browsing and to track your interests so we can improve our site for your benefit. We do not store any personal data about you using cookies. Your browser can be set to not accept cookies, in which case you may still use our site but may not benefit from some of the functionality that cookies bring to your experience of a web site
IP Addresses
We use IP addresses to analyse trends, administer our site and track your movements whilst on our site. IP addresses do not supply us with personally identifiable data.
Links
Our site may contain links to other sites. Please note that we are not responsible for their privacy practices.
Changes to this privacy statement
We may change this statement at any time by posting revisions on our site. Each time you enter this site, you agree that the privacy statement current at that time shall apply to all data which we hold about you.
Consent
By using our site, you consent to our use of your personal data in the manner set out in this privacy statement.
Copyright
Unless otherwise stated, the copyright and any other rights in all artwork, pictures, images, graphics, text and materials (together "Materials") on this site and the design, layout, look and appearance of this site are owned by us. You are permitted to use and download such Materials or extracts from this site, subject to all of the following:
Your use of this site and the Materials on this site is for your information or personal use only. You may not use this site or such Materials for any commercial purpose without our express prior written consent.
You must not in any way modify any such Materials, except as we expressly permit.
No part of this site or the Materials on it may be reproduced or stored in any form or media without our prior written permission.
Any rights not expressly granted in these terms are reserved.
Third Party Products and Services
This Site mentions third party products and services for informational purposes. Clock Ltd ( http://www.ratetheref.net/) and its suppliers make no recommendations or endorsements about any third party products or services.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
UNDER NO EVENT AND UNDER NO LEGAL THEORY, WHETHER IN TORT, CONTRACT, OR OTHERWISE, SHALL CLOCK LTD OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR ANY LOST PROFITS, LOST SAVINGS, LOSS OF DATA, COSTS, FEES OR EXPENSES OF ANY KIND OR NATURE ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, THIS SITE, OR THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE MATERIALS, OR ANY DATA SUPPLIED THEREWITH, EVEN IF CLOCK LTD MANAGEMENT OR AN OPENWAVE REPRESENTATIVE OR SUPPLIER HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental, consequential or special damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.
Footer Menu
Want to add your own leagues/games?
You can now add your own leagues, matches and refs in the game creator section
FAQ
Best place to start. Rate The Ref in a nutshell.
Contact Us
Questions and press enquiries this way.
The RTR team | We would like to thank…
Copyright © 2020 Rate The Ref. You love it.
Terms & Conditions