http://www.randa.org/en/footer/participantprivacypolicy
Our Cookies
Accepting all cookies will ensure you have the best experience possible when visiting Randa.org
Some of these cookies are necessary to make our site work, while others help us to improve your experience by providing insights into how the site is being used.
Accept Cookies
Manage your
cookie settings
Cookie Policy
Participant Privacy Policy
We value your data and take your privacy seriously.
This policy describes how we use your personal information when you:
enter and participate in an R&A championship or team event;
are a chaperone for a participant in an R&A championship or team event;
apply for accreditation at an R&A championship or team event; and/or
make a scholarship application or an application for reinstatement to Amateur Status to The R&A.
We have tried to keep it simple, so please take the time to read this policy in full to understand our practices regarding your personal information. This policy was last updated in October 2019.
Who are we?
The R&A comprises R&A Championships Limited (SC247047), R&A Group Services Limited (SC247048) and R&A Rules Limited (SC247046), R&A Trust Company (No. 1) Limited (SC247045), R&A Trust Company (No.2) Limited (SC247049) and The R&A Foundation (SC247050) (together “The R&A”, “The R&A Group of Companies”, “we”, “us” and “our”). This policy applies to any and all of the organisations within The R&A.
The R&A will share your personal information with their group companies and their suppliers and service providers for the purposes set out below only. If you would like to contact us about this policy, you can do so by:
emailing us at privacy@randa.org; or
writing to us at F.A.O. Data Privacy Manager, The R&A, Beach House, Golf Place, St Andrews, Fife, KY16 9JA.
I am applying to enter an R&A championship
We collect personal information about you that we need to process your entry to the championship. We collect this information from you via the online entry process or if we ask you to provide further information. This information includes your contact details, date of birth, nationality, your handicap (if you are an amateur) and your golf club or attachment.
We use the personal information that you provide during the entry process to:
contact you to confirm that we have received your entry and to process your entry and assess whether you meet the eligibility criteria for the championship;
process the payment details you provided for payment of your entry fee for the championship. We will retain your payment details for such period as may be necessary to allow us to process any refund of your entry fee that may be due to you;
group you together with other entrants to determine the starting field and reserve list for the championship; and
contact you if we have any queries about your entry and to notify you if you have been successful or unsuccessful in gaining a place in the starting field or if you have been placed on the reserve list for the championship.
Our legal basis for processing your personal information for the above purposes is that it is necessary for our relationship with you established by your entry to the championship. The R&A cannot process your entry to the championship if you do not provide the information required by the entry process.
For entrants under 18 years of age only, we may use your parent/guardian’s details provided during the entry process to contact them to verify the details on your entry. We do this with the parent/guardian’s consent provided on your online entry form.
We maintain a historical archive and record of entries to R&A and LGU championships and team events. For these purposes, we retain a copy of all entry forms submitted for a championship or team event indefinitely. It is in the legitimate interests of The R&A as the organiser of long-standing, prestigious golf competitions to maintain a historical archive of entries to those competitions.
To keep you updated, we may also use information provided on your entry to provide you with information on Rules updates or similar information regarding the sport of golf including via email. This is not only beneficial for you but it is in the legitimate interests of The R&A, in its governing body role for the sport of golf, to communicate Rules changes and developments in the sport of golf.
I am a competitor in an R&A championship
If you are a competitor in an R&A championship, we collect and use the following personal information about you:
information provided by you as part of the entry process for the championship;
additional information you provide to us during the registration process at the championship by returning the competitor registration form;
images and video footage of you taken during your participation in the R&A championship or other R&A championships and events;
·occasionally, we may collect information about you from publicly available websites;
if you submit a Transportation Request Form. For details about information collected via the Transportation Request Form and how it is used, please see the section below on “I have submitted a Transportation Request Form”.
We use your personal information as a competitor:
to process your participation in the championship;
to publish the starting fields and reserve lists on www.randa.org and to contact you with further information about your participation in the championship;
to publish the live scoring and final results of the R&A championship;
for the purposes of television, radio, written press and online media coverage and publicity of the R&A championship including as part of television, radio and other interviews you may be asked to give as part of your participation in the championship. This may include providing your date and place of birth to broadcasters of the championship;
to promote the R&A championship, other R&A championships and other R&A events, to promote The R&A and its activities and to illustrate The R&A’s work in golf, e.g. golf development activities and education. This includes use of images and footage of you taken at the R&A championship or other R&A championships and events;
to provide personal data to the golf club hosting the R&A championship as required for the purposes of hosting the championship;
to confirm your participation and provide your scores from the R&A championship to your golf club/attachment;
if applicable, to provide your personal information to the WORLD AMATEUR GOLF RANKING™ to update the rankings and player profiles on www.wagr.com. Please see www.wagr.com for more information; and
to contact you following the championship to request that you complete a feedback questionnaire. We will use the information provided in the completed feedback questionnaire for our legitimate interests of improving the operation of our events.
We may also share your personal information collected and used as a competitor of the R&A championship with our patrons, sponsors and partners for their use for the above purposes only.
Our legal basis for processing your personal information for the above purposes is that it is necessary for our relationship with you established by your participation in the championship unless otherwise specified. For providing your personal information to the WORLD AMATEUR GOLF RANKING™, our legal basis is that it is necessary for the legitimate interests of the operation, improvement and expansion of the WORLD AMATEUR GOLF RANKING™ and www.wagr.com.
On the competitor registration form, we also collect medical information only for the purposes of allowing medical assistance to be given to you if necessary during the championship. We obtain your explicit consent for this but this personal information is also required to protect your vital interests.
For competitors under 18 years of age only, we may use your parent/guardian’s details provided on the competitor registration form to contact them to verify the details on form.
Retention periods:
The competitor registration forms and the emergency contacts details and medical information contained on those forms are retained until after the championship and are destroyed no later than 31 December of that year.
The other information shall be retained for as long as it is required for the purposes above.
I am competing in an R&A team event
We collect personal information about you that we need as part of your selection and participation in an R&A team event, such as the Vagliano Trophy. We collect this information from national golf federations, via the team member registration form and from publicly available websites. This information includes your contact details, date of birth, place of birth, nationality and your golf club or attachment.
We use your personal information as a team member:
to contact you to inform you that you have been selected as a team member and to confirm this to your national golf federation and golf club;
for the purposes of your travel to and from and participation in the R&A team event including to arrange your travel to and from the R&A team event;
to publish the starting fields and reserve lists on www.randa.org and to contact you with further information about your participation in the event;
to publish the team selection, the live scoring and final results of the R&A team event;
for the purposes of television, radio, written press and online media coverage and publicity of the R&A team event including as part of television, radio and other interviews you may be asked to give as part of your participation in the team event. This may include providing your date and place of birth to broadcasters of the event;
to promote the R&A team event, other R&A championships and other R&A events, to promote The R&A and its activities and to illustrate The R&A’s work in golf, e.g. golf development activities and education. This includes use of images and footage of you taken at the R&A team event or other R&A championships and events;
to provide personal data to the golf club hosting the R&A team event as required for the purposes of hosting the event;
if applicable, to provide your personal information to the WORLD AMATEUR GOLF RANKING™ to update the rankings and player profiles on www.wagr.com. Please see www.wagr.com for more information; and
to contact you following the event to request that you complete a feedback questionnaire. We will use the information provided in the completed feedback questionnaire for our legitimate interests of improving the operation of our events.
We may also share your personal information collected and used as a competitor in an R&A team event with our patrons, sponsors and partners for their use for the above purposes only.
Our legal basis for processing your personal information for the above purposes is that it is necessary for our relationship with you established by your participation in the team event unless otherwise specified. For providing your personal information to the WORLD AMATEUR GOLF RANKING™, our legal basis is that it is necessary for the legitimate interests of the operation, improvement and expansion of the WORLD AMATEUR GOLF RANKING™ and www.wagr.com.
On the team member registration form, we also collect medical information only for the purposes of allowing medical assistance to be given to you if necessary during your travel to and from and for your participation in the team event. We obtain your explicit consent for this but this personal information is also required to protect your vital interests.
For competitors under 18 years of age only, we may use your parent/guardian’s details provided on the team member registration form to contact them to verify the details on form.
Retention periods:
The team member registration forms and the emergency contacts details and medical and disability information contained on those forms are retained until after the team event and are destroyed no later than 31 December of that year.
The other information shall be retained for as long as it is required for the purposes above.
To keep you updated, we may also use information provided on your team member registration form to provide you with information on Rules updates or similar information regarding the sport of golf including via email. This is not only beneficial for you but it is in the legitimate interests of The R&A in its governing body role for the sport of golf, to communicate Rules changes and developments in the sport of golf.
I am a chaperone for an R&A championship or team event
We collect personal information about you that we need to process your attendance at the championship or team event in your role as a chaperone. This includes arranging accommodation for you and the provision of R&A branded clothing to you and processing any refund that may be due to you. We collect this information from you via the chaperone form provided to you or if we ask you to provide further information. This information includes your contact details and payment details and your image. We may also use the information to contact you in connection with the R&A championship or team event.
Our legal basis for processing your personal information provided on the chaperone form is that it is necessary for our relationship with you established by your role as a chaperone for a competitor in an R&A championship or team event. The R&A cannot make any arrangements for you in connection with your role as a chaperone if you do not provide the information requested in the chaperone form or otherwise.
We will retain the information provided on the chaperone form for the duration of the R&A championship or team event and for 12 months after the event. It is in our legitimate interests as the organiser of the event to retain the information for this period to ensure that we can deal with any refunds or enquiries from chaperones following the event. We will retain a record of your attendance at an R&A event as a chaperone indefinitely because this is necessary to meet our legitimate interests of maintaining records and meeting any legal, regulatory and/or governance obligations.
I am applying for accreditation at an R&A championship or team event
We collect personal information from you when you apply for accreditation at an R&A championship or team event, including your name, postal address, email address, telephone number, company, job title and photograph. We use this information to administer accreditation for the relevant event and to contact you about your application, including to inform you of the outcome.
Our legal basis for processing this personal information is that it is necessary for our relationship with you established by the accreditation application. We will not be able to provide you with accreditation if you do not provide us with the information requested, which means you may not be permitted to participate in the championship or team event or enter the host venue.
If we grant you accreditation, your personal information may be passed to the following third parties as part of the accreditation process:
·our accreditation technology supplier;
·our ticketing system supplier; and
·our access control technology supplier.
We retain accreditation information for up to 10 years after submission of your application.
I have submitted a Transportation Request Form
If you submit a Transportation Request Form to request permission to ride or use a form of transportation during an R&A championship or team event, we will use the information provided on that Form and in any supporting documentation to assess and process your request in accordance with that Form. Our legal basis for processing this information is your explicit consent and this information will be held until after the R&A championship or team event and will be destroyed no later than three months after the R&A championship or team event.
I am applying for a scholarship from The R&A
We use the personal information provided on a scholarship application form to process your application, to contact you in connection with your application and, if you are successful, to provide you with the award.
Our legal basis for processing your personal information provided on a scholarship application is that it is necessary for our relationship with you established by your scholarship application. The R&A cannot process your application if you do not provide the information required by the form.
After we receive your application, we will contact the administrator specified on your application form to discuss your application. If your application is successful, we may provide your personal information to your administrator to facilitate payment of the award to you.
We retain unsuccessful scholarship applications for a period of five years and we retain successful applications for a period of seven years from the last date of payment of the award of the scholarship.
I am applying to be reinstated to Amateur Status
We use the personal information provided on an application form to process your application in accordance with Procedure for Reinstatement of Amateur Status and to contact you about your application including to inform you of the outcome.
Our legal basis for processing your personal information provided on an application form is that it is necessary for our relationship with you established by your application. The R&A cannot process your application if you do not provide the information required by the form.
We provide details of your application to your home union and the professional association that you are a member of to allow them to support your application.
We retain successful and unsuccessful applications indefinitely in order to monitor your changes in professional status.
Overseas transfers
Your personal information may be transferred to, and stored in, countries outside of the UK and EU for the above purposes. The R&A will take steps to ensure your personal information is adequately protected in countries outside of the UK and EU. Please contact us if you would like more details on safeguards used by The R&A to protect personal information for these transfers.
I want to know my data protection rights
Data protection legislation in the EU and UK provides individuals with certain rights regarding the use of their personal information.
If you would like to contact us to exercise your rights, please contact us using the contact details at the beginning of this privacy policy.
You have the right to:
access the personal information that we hold about you in many circumstances;
ask us to delete or correct any personal information that we hold about you;
prevent us processing your personal information;
port your personal information in certain circumstances;
·not be subject to a solely automated decision;
withdraw any consent that you have given. This does not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before withdrawal; and
lodge a complaint with the UK regulator, the Information Commissioner’s Office, if you have concerns about how we use your personal information. Please see https://ico.org.uk/concerns/ to find out more.