http://www.ski-norway.co.uk/privacy-notice
Privacy Notice Scandinavian Travel Ltd
Scandinavian Travel Ltd and its brands skiNorway, skiFinland, skiSweden, skiIceland, skiScandinavia and Cloudberry Journeys are committed to looking after personal data, including sensitive personal data, you share with us and we want you to understand how we are using it, and the legal basis for its use.
Scandinavian Travel Ltd is the Data Controller and through the following information, you can understand:
The type of information we collect
How it will be used
Who it will be shared with
How long we will keep your data for
What are your rights
The type of information we collect, why and when we collect it:
When you use our websites:We use cookies to collect information relating to your interaction with our websites. A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be stored on your device. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The data we collect is anonymous and is used for improving our website’s function, usability and relevance to users. Please see our dedicated Cookie policy for full details.
When you make an enquiry with us so that we can provide you with a suitable holiday proposal:We will collect information such as your name, ages of those travelling (this is relevant to pricing the holiday and associated services such as lift passes correctly), contact details and holiday requirements.
When you make a booking with us, to process and execute our contract with you:We will collect personal data (including special categories of personal data*) such as names, contact details, passport information, dietary requirements*, disabilities* and medical conditions* that are relevant for us to plan and deliver your holiday.
When you enquire, book or travel with us:We may also contact you in relation to relevant feedback, competitions, promotions or research regarding our services.
Marketing:
We do not and will not sell, rent or trade your personal information. We process your data for direct marketing purposes based on a legitimate interest, this is typically if you have contacted us to enquire about or book a holiday, or have shown interest in our holidays, for example at a Ski Show where we have exhibited so we can send you information on our services that we believe may be of interest to you.
You have the right to opt-out of our direct marketing on all our marketing emails by clicking a link which is included in the email content. You can also contact us if you would like to update your marketing preferences or stop receiving marketing content from us at admin@scandinavian-travel.co.uk.
Who we share your data with:
In order to arrange and manage a holiday you have booked with us, we need to pass on relevant information to suppliers and other third parties such as:
Transport providers, for example airlines
Accommodation providers
Activity providers
Other service providers such as ski suppliers and local guides
Regulatory authorities
Card payment companies, banks and debt collection agencies
Our marketing email platform, currently Mailchimp which is based in the U.S.
The vast majority of our service providers and relevant third parties with whom we share your data are located within the EEA (European Economic Area). Where they are located outside the EEA, for example Mailchimp (our marketing platform we use for marketing email communications) we will only send your data where we have an agreement in place that means your data will be processed in compliance with European Regulations, or, in order for us to perform our contract with you, to provide services which you have requested, or which are required for your holiday.
How long will we keep your data for?
We will retain your personal data for only as long as it is necessary for the uses set out in this Privacy Notice and/or to meet legal and regulatory requirements. If data is needed after this period for analytical, historical or other legitimate business purposes, we will take appropriate measures to anonymise this data.
The information we use for marketing purposes will be kept with us until you notify us that you no longer wish to receive this information, you can unsubscribe from these emails by clicking the link at the bottom of the marketing email, or by contacting us.
What are your rights:
If you believe the information we possess on you is incorrect, please let us know. You can contact us to request to see your information and have it corrected or deleted, or if you wish to raise a complaint on how we have handled your personal data. Contact details: admin@scandinavian-travel.co.uk
If you are not satisfied with our response or believe we are not processing your personal data in accordance with the law you can complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office https://ico.org.uk/.
Changes to our Privacy Notice
We keep our Privacy Notice under periodic review and will place any updates on this page. This policy was last updated on 25th May 2018.