http://www.cyclelogical-newcastle.com/index.php?main_page=privacy
My Account
|
Our Workshop
|
Shop gallery
Log In
or
Register
Mon - Fri 9.00 - 17.30
Saturday 9.00 - 17.00
Sunday - Closed
Advanced Search
Home
New Products
Specials
View Cart
Your cart is empty
Categories
Covid-19
Freewheel
Shimano Service Centre
Sale->
Bikes->
Accessories->
Pashley & Moulton Accessories
Pedals->
Saddles
Maps
Gift Vouchers
Fitting Services
Suppliers
Specials ...
New Products ...
Featured Products ...
All Products ...
Sponsors
Specials - more
Rapide - 2015 RL26 Youth Bike£399.99  £339.99Save: 15% Fibrax - Disc Brake Pads for Formula Hydraulic Caliper£13.00  £6.99Save: 46% Shimano - SH-RT31 SPD Road Touring Shoe - Euro 41£69.99  £48.99Save: 30%
Information
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Notice
Terms & Conditions
Contact Us
Site Map
Gift Certificate FAQ
Newsletter Unsubscribe
SagePay
Home  -
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
Privacy Statement Cyclelogical (Newcastle) Ltd is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the Cyclelogical (Newcastle) Ltd Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the Cyclelogical (Newcastle) Ltd website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.Collection of your Personal InformationCyclelogical (Newcastle) Ltd collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Cyclelogical (Newcastle) Ltd also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP/Post Code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by Cyclelogical (Newcastle) Ltd. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by Cyclelogical (Newcastle) Ltd for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Cyclelogical (Newcastle) Ltd Web site.Cyclelogical (Newcastle) Ltd encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from Cyclelogical (Newcastle) Ltd so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. Cyclelogical (Newcastle) Ltd is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Cyclelogical (Newcastle) Ltd.Use of your Personal InformationCyclelogical (Newcastle) Ltd collects and uses your personal information to operate the Cyclelogical (Newcastle) Ltd Web site and deliver the services you have requested. Cyclelogical (Newcastle) Ltd also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Cyclelogical (Newcastle) Ltd and its affiliates. Cyclelogical (Newcastle) Ltd may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.Cyclelogical (Newcastle) Ltd does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Cyclelogical (Newcastle) Ltd may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. Cyclelogical (Newcastle) Ltd does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.Cyclelogical (Newcastle) Ltd keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within Cyclelogical (Newcastle) Ltd, in order to determine what Cyclelogical (Newcastle) Ltd services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Cyclelogical (Newcastle) Ltd to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.Cyclelogical (Newcastle) Ltd Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Cyclelogical (Newcastle) Ltd or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Solution by AHOST; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Cyclelogical (Newcastle) Ltd, or the public.Use of CookiesThe Cyclelogical (Newcastle) Ltd Web site use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalise Cyclelogical (Newcastle) Ltd pages, or register with Cyclelogical (Newcastle) Ltd site or services, a cookie helps Cyclelogical (Newcastle) Ltd to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Cyclelogical (Newcastle) Ltd Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Cyclelogical (Newcastle) Ltd features that you customized.You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Cyclelogical (Newcastle) Ltd or Web sites you visit.Security of your Personal InformationCyclelogical (Newcastle) Ltd secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Solution by AHOST secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.Changes to this StatementCyclelogical (Newcastle) Ltd will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Cyclelogical (Newcastle) Ltd encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Cyclelogical (Newcastle) Ltd is protecting your information.Contact InformationCyclelogical (Newcastle) Ltd welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Cyclelogical (Newcastle) Ltd has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Cyclelogical (Newcastle) Ltd cyclelogical@btinternet.com. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
Contact Information
44 Forest Hall Road
Newcastle on Tyne
NE12 9AL, UK
Tel: (+44) (0)191 216 9222
Fax: (+44) (0)191 216 9777
Quick LinksHomeFeatured ProductsSpecialsNew ProductsAll Products ...
InformationView CartSite MapGift Certificate FAQNewsletter Unsubscribe
Customer ServiceContact UsShipping & ReturnsPrivacy NoticeTerms & ConditionsMy Account
::
My Account
::
Site Map
::
About Us
::
Our Workshop
::
Shop gallery
Copyright © 2020 Cyclelogical Newcastle Ltd Solution by AHOST