http://www.tzpaintball.co.uk/privacy-policy/
CrossbowCock! Load! Take Aim! and Release!
PaintballFantastic fun for families and friends...
Bubble FootballBounce-ability! Dribble the ball, yourself and the other players!
Clay ShootingImprove your hand and eye co-ordination...
Quad BikingGet your motor running...
Battlezone ArcheryHas anyone brought an apple with them?
Axe, Tomahawk and Knife ThrowingStand perfectly still once I've tied on the blindfold...
ArcheryHas anyone brought an apple with them?
AirsoftNo! It's not a bouncy castle...
Low Impact PaintballAll the fun of standard paintball - but with reduced force...
Paintball
Bubble Football
Clay Shooting
Play Multiple Activities
Quad Biking
Battlezone Archery
Axe Throwing
Stag & Hen Groups
Archery
Airsoft
Low Impact Paintball
Gift Vouchers
Crossbows
.22 Rifles
Things To Do In Bristol – Group Activities
Looking for things to do in Bristol? Bristol Activity Centre is an experienced provider of great outdoor activities for adults and children in the South West of England, catering for groups of all ages 8+ and over, and groups of all shapes and sizes – from small groups of just two people, right up to large groups of 200+.
We offer over 10 top activities all at the same outdoor venue in Bristol, Cribbs Causeway, including Paintball,
Low Impact Paintball,
Airsoft,
Clay Pigeon Shooting, Quad Biking,
Archery,
Battlezone Archery and
Axe, Tomahawk & Knife Throwing, and coming soon we will be adding Air Rifle shooting. Our origional paintball venue established 2000 (and still one of the UK’s best!) is our dedicated woodland paintball venue which is located in Portishead.
We also have a dedicated airsoft club for those with their own Airsoft equipment, called “Black Ops Airsoft” where we run our “Airsoft walk-on day” every single Sunday. If you would like to find out more about our “Airsoft walk-on days then take a look at our Black Ops Bristol Airsoft Website..
Fully Insured
Our outdoor activity centre is a fully insured, risk assessed, health and safety inspected venue. We strive to provide an exceptionally safe, but fun environment. We are Paintball Federation – “UKPSF” Accredited, have fully trained Clay pigeon shooting Association ““CPSA”” Shooting instructors, are trained members of the knife, axe and tomahawk throwing association – “KATTA”, and members of the airsoft retailers association UKARA, to name but a few of our accolades
Great Facilities
At our “HQ” building where you will find facilities such as toilets, seating, lockers, and on-site catering from our “shooters cafe” where you can grab breakfast, lunch, snacks and drinks all day. We have free car parking at our venue, with parking large enough for coaches and minibuses
Event organisers – corporate company and special occasions
Our experienced event organisers can help you arrange your corporate or special event so that its a day to remember. With a whole range of things to do, whether your organising a stag party, hen party, college or school group, a company work day out, a team building event, for a special birthday party, or just a social event, we can organise a fully supervised action packed day out at our activity centre here in the city of Bristol. We can tailor the day to meet your budget and timescale, and ensure your day out with us is a memorable one!
Our website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Necessary
Always Enabled