http://www.doverathletic.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Dover AthlEtic FC Ltd – Privacy Policy
Your data will be controlled by Dover Athletic Football Club Ltd (DAFC) who may provide services to you or communicate with you and is therefore regarded as a controller of your personal data. The contact address of Dover Athletic FC is: Lewisham Road, Dover, Kent CT17 0JB
We may revise this Policy at any time by amending this page. You are expected to check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we make, as they are binding to you.
This Policy covers the following:
Explanation of applicable data
The information we collect and where we get it
How we use the information we collect
Grounds for using your personal information
How we share information with third parties
Retaining your information and how we secure it
Your choices and rights
Cookies Policy
How long will cookies remain on my computer?
Third party cookies
To find out more click on any of the above sections.
Explanation of applicable data
For the purpose of this policy, personal data refers to information that relates to an identifiable, living individual, including information such as an online identifier, for example an IP address. The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) applies to both automated personal data and to manual filing systems, where personal data is accessible according to specific criteria, as well as to chronologically ordered data and pseudonymised data.
Data referred to in the GDPR as ‘special categories of personal data’ (previously termed ‘Sensitive Personal Data’) specifically includes the processing of genetic data, biometric data and data concerning health matters.
“Personal information” is therefore any information that can be used to identify you or that we can link to you and which we at DAFC have in our possession or control.
The information we collect and where we get it
DAFC collects and therefore processes the following personal information about you:
Information that you provide to DAFC
We will process personal information that you give to DAFC including when you email us or contact us through various methods as follows:
Signing up for DAFC services: when you sign up for our newsletters, events or obtain any of our services, or when you contact us with queries, or respond to our communications the personal information you provide may include your full name, title, telephone number, email address and additional content, date and time of your email correspondence and information about your current or previous employers or your business.
When providing DAFC services: if you are a client, partner or preferred supplier of DAFC you will provide us with personal information when you, or the company you represent, become a client, partner or preferred supplier with us. If you are not a client, partner or preferred supplier we may still collect or receive your personal information because you are involved in one of our client’s matters.
When participating in recruitment activities: when you apply for any role with us, or with a client of ours if we are acting on their behalf, you may provide us with your full name, date of birth, nationality, education and qualification details, previous employment, your gender, your CV, photograph, passport details, driving licence, marital status, home address and home telephone number, mobile telephone number and other details set out in your communications to us.
To enable processing of payments and fraud prevention:  Financial and Payment Data including bank account details and other data necessary for processing payments and fraud prevention, including credit/debit card numbers, security code numbers and other related billing information may be collected.
To enable equality and monitoring: When applying or joining DAFC then your sensitive personal data (that is, information about your racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious beliefs, trade union activities, physical or mental health, sexual life, or details of criminal offences, or genetic or biometric data) may be collected in order to carry out monitoring and comply with the legal obligations.
Applying for placements and work experience: When you apply to us you for any potential work placement you may provide us with details such as your name, email address, postal address, place of education and employment details.
Other information DAFC collect about you
DAFC uses CCTV for the purposes of detection and prevention of crime and understands that recording images of identifiable individuals constitutes as processing personal information.  Where CCTV is used it will be done in line with data protection principles. DAFC will notify all colleagues and visitors of the purpose for collecting CCTV images via notice boards, letters and email, along with any retention rules on such data.
DAFC will also collect information about use of our group services or when we otherwise interact or correspond with you. DAFC use various technologies to collect and store information when you communicate with us or visit our websites. We may, for example, collect information about the type of device you use to access the websites, your IP address and your geographic location, the operating system and version, your browser type, the content you view and features you access on our websites, the web pages and the search terms you enter on our websites. For information about how we use Cookies and the choices you may have, please see our Cookies Policy below.
Information DAFC obtain from other sources
If you apply for a position with any part of the DAFC, we may collect personal information relating to past employment, qualifications and education, opinions from relevant third parties about you, past employment history and other details about you, which may be provided to us by a third party that provides background screening services on our behalf.
If we collect or receive your personal information in the relation to our provision of any of DAFC services we might also receive information from third parties such as your employer, other parties relevant to the services we are providing and others such as regulators and authorities. That information could include your name, contact details, employment details and other information relevant to the services that we are providing.
How we use the information we collect
We may do the following with your personal information that we have gathered:
use it to provide DAFC services to a relevant client
use it to engage in marketing and business development activity in relation to our group services. This may include sending you newsletters, legal, human resources and health and safety updates, marketing communications and other information that we believe may be of interest to you
where you have applied for a position with us, to review and process your application
to comply with legal and regulatory obligations that we have a duty to discharge
use it to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights or for the purpose of legal proceedings
to record and monitor your use of our websites, social media or our other services for DAFC business purposes.  This may include analysis of usage, measurement of website performance and generation of marketing reports
use it for our legitimate business interests, such as for undertaking business research and analysis, managing the operation of our business and improving our websites and interfaces
use it to look into any complaints, concerns or issues you may have
use it to prevent and respond to actual or potential fraud or illegal activities.
DAFC may also collate, process and share any statistics based on an accumulation of information held by us provided that any individual is not identified from the resulting analysis and the collation, processing and dissemination of such information is permitted by law.
Grounds for using your personal information
We rely on the following legal basis to process your personal information:
Consent: DAFC may in some circumstances need your explicit consent to use your personal information. You can withdraw your consent by contacting us.
Obligations of a contract: DAFC may need to collect and use your personal information to enter into a contract with you or to perform our obligations under a contract with you.
Legitimate interest: DAFC may use your personal information for what we identify as our legitimate interests.
Compliance with the law: we may use your personal information   as necessary to comply with applicable laws and regulations.
How we share information with third parties
We share personal information internally. We may also share your personal information outside of the company. This may include:
Third party agents/suppliers or contractors, bound by obligations of confidentiality, in connection with the processing of your personal information for the purposes described in this Policy. This may include, but is not limited to, our IT and communications service providers, and insurance, pension or benefit providers if you are employed by us.
Third parties relevant to the services that we provide. This may include, but is not limited to other service providers, regulators, authorities, governmental institutions.
To the extent required by law, regulation or court order, for example, if we are under a duty to disclose your personal information in order to comply with any legal obligation.
Your personal information may in some circumstances be transferred to locations outside of the European Union/European Economic Area (EU/EEA) as well as within it for the purposes previously described above. We do not transfer your personal information outside Europe as a matter of course however, where we have a requirement to transfer your personal information outside the EU/EEA, we will ensure that it is protected and transferred in a manner consistent with legal requirements applicable to the information by for instance:
The country to which we send the personal information may be approved by the European Commission
The recipient may have signed a contract based on “contractual clauses” approved by the European Commission, obliging them to protect the personal information , or
Where the recipient is located in the US, it may be a certified member of the EU-US Privacy Shield scheme.
In other circumstances, the law itself may permit us to otherwise transfer your personal information outside Europe. In all cases, however, any transfer of your personal information will be compliant with the applicable data protection law in place.
Retaining your information and how we secure it
How long DAFC keeps your personal information will vary and will depend primarily on:
The purpose for which we are using your personal information  – we will need to keep the information for as long as is necessary for the relevant purpose
Legal obligations – laws or regulation may set a minimum period for which we have to keep your personal information
DAFC will retain your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes that we collected it for and for DAFC to assert or defend against legal claims.  The appropriate retention period is determined by the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure, the purposes for which we process and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
Upon expiry of the applicable retention period we securely destroy your personal information in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. DAFC ensures that the personal information that we hold is subject to the appropriate security measures.
Your choices and rights
You have a number of rights in relation to the personal information that DAFC hold about you and you can exercise your rights by contacting us directly.  These rights include:
Obtaining or accessing your data:  Regarding the processing of your personal information and access to the personal information which we hold about you.  Please note that there may be circumstances in which we are entitled to refuse requests for access to copies of your personal information. In particular, information that is subject to legal professional privilege will not be disclosed other than to our client and as authorised by our client.
Correcting your data: Requesting that we correct your personal information if it is inaccurate or incomplete.
Erasure of your data: Requesting that we erase your personal information in certain circumstances. Please note that there may be circumstances where you ask us to erase your personal information but we are legally entitled to retain it.
Objecting/Restricting us processing: Requesting that we restrict our processing of your personal information in certain circumstances. Again, there may be circumstances where you object to, or ask us to restrict, our processing of your personal information but we are legally entitled to refuse that request.
Portability/Moving your data:  In some circumstances, receiving some personal information in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and/or requesting that we transmit that information to a third party where this is technically feasible. Please note that this right only applies to personal information which you have provided to us.
Withdrawing your consent:  In certain circumstances it may be lawful for us to continue processing without your consent if we have another legitimate reason (other than consent) for doing so.
Lodging a complaint about processing:  Complaining to the relevant data protection supervising authority (e.g. The Information Commissioners Office (ICO) in the UK), if you think that any of your rights have been infringed by us.
How to contact us and other important information
If you would like further information on the collection, use, disclosure, transfer or processing of your personal information by DAFC or the exercise of any of the rights listed above, please contact us. You can do this by:
Writing to us: DAFC, Lewisham Road, Dover, Kent, CT17 0JB
Emailing us: privacy@doverathletic.com
Telephone us: 01304 822373
Date issued: 24th May 2018
Latest Result
1st December 2020
P - P
National League
2020-2021
York Road
N/A
Maidenhead United v Dover Athletic
View all matches
Next Fixture
12th December 2020
P - P
National League
2020-2021
Racecourse Ground
N/A
Wrexham v Dover Athletic
View all matches
Our Sponsors
National LeaguePosClubPGDPts20Barnet12-15921Yeovil Town11-6822Weymouth FC10-8723Dover Athletic9-18624Macclesfield Town000View full table
Player Profiles
5 Paul Rooney
13 Josh BexonView all players
© 2020 DOVER ATHLETIC FC
Designed by ThemeBoy