https://www.newsday.com/help
SEARCH
Long Island
Sports
Things to Do
News
Feed Me
Opinion
Business
Obituaries
Events
TODAY'S PAPER
28°
12/11/2020
Good Morning
SEARCH
Home
Long Island
Nassau
Suffolk
Education
Crime
Politics
Towns
Investigations
Data and maps
Commuting
LI Life
History
Obituaries
Sports
Yankees
Mets
Islanders
Rangers
Jets
Giants
Knicks
Nets
High school
College
Columns
Videos
Scores
Baseball
Basketball
Boxing
Football
Golf
Hockey
Horse Racing
Media
MMA
Motor Racing
Olympics
Soccer
Entertainment
Movies
TV
Celebrities
Music
Books
Theater
Reality TV
Nassau Coliseum
Crosswords
Feed Me
Things to Do
Restaurants
Family
Pets
Travel
Food and Drink
Top 100 Restaurants
Fashion and Shopping
Home and Garden
LI Getaways
Recreation
Retirement
Advice
Events
Gift guides
News
Nation and World
NYC
State and Region
Health
Technology
Lottery
Opinion
Matt Davies
Podcast: Life Under Coronavirus
Columnists
Letters to the editor
Submit your letter
Business
Real Estate
Technology
Cars
Columns
Mutual funds
Markets
Stocks
Cars
Real Estate
Jobs
Obituaries
Events
Special Sections
Classifieds
Crosswords
Weather
Data
Horoscopes
Contact Newsday
28°
12/11/2020
Good Morning
LOG IN
SUBSCRIBE
NEWSLETTERS
LOG OUT
SUBSCRIBER
DEALS VIEW
MANAGE MY ACCOUNT
MANAGE NEWSLETTERS
ACTIVATE MY ACCOUNT
Main contact
Welcome to our Help Center. We hope you find the answers to all of your questions here. If you have any additional questions, please email us at helpme@newsday.com or call us at 1-877-545-4834.
You can access our complete list of contact numbers at Contact Us. For a listing of every section on newsday.com, please visit our Site Map. If you want to manage your Newsday print edition account, you must be a registered member of newsday.com. Please go to Manage My Newsday for more details.
Newsday.com is an exclusive benefit for Newsday home delivery and digital access subscribers. Anyone who is not a Newsday home delivery or digital access subscriber will have limited access to Newsday.com content. Full access is available with a
paid subscription.
Access to newsday.com
Who has full access to newsday.com?
Who has limited access to newsday.com?
What is limited access? What will I see?
Register for newsday.com
Why should I register?
How do I register?
Is registration free?
I am having trouble registering
What if I need additional help?
I am already registered. Why don't I stay logged in every time I visit newsday.com?
I am a Newsday home delivery subscriber. Am I automatically registered?
I am not a Newsday home delivery subscriber. What should I do?
Find/change my password
Find/change my email address
Can I have multiple email addresses?
Reset a forgotten password
What do you do with my information?
How do you protect my privacy?
Register for newsday.com - step by step
Newsday home delivery subscriber?
Not a Newsday subscriber
Sign up for newsletters, alerts and iphone
What email newsletters and alerts are available?
Where do I sign up?
Will I receive confirmation?
What should I do if I don't receive a newsletter or alert I signed up for?
HTML or text: Which format is right for me?
When will I begin receiving newsletters or alerts?
Update my preferences
How do I unsubscribe?
Can I suggest newsletters newsday.com should add?
Share content with newsday.com
Send us a news tip
Upload your photos
Upload your videos
Submit an event to Newsday
Our code of conduct for sharing
Send us your feedback on the site
Find us on Facebook
Find us on Twitter
Resolve technical difficulties
Report a bug on the site
Who do I contact if I can't resolve the issue?
Which browsers does newsday.com support?
What is the best screen resolution for viewing your site?
What if the type is too small for me to read?
What can I do if the site loads slowly for me?
How do I use video on your site?
I am interested in making an online transaction on your site. How do I know it is secure?
Newsday print edition
Buy Newsday front pages or merchandise
Contact Newsday
Get Newsday Today's Paper -- digital edition
Manage My Newsday print subscription
Newsday back copies
Permission to reprint
Subscribe to Newsday's home-delivered print edition
Find popular content
Archives online
Comics
Crossword
Editorial, opinions, letters
Horoscope
Lottery
Obituaries and death notices
Privacy policy
Site map
Stock tables
Sudoku
Terms of service
Cars
Car news
Search automotive listings
Post a listing/place an ad
Real estate
Real estate news
Search real estate listings
Post a listing/place an ad
Jobs
Jobseeker tools and info
Search job listings
Post a listing/place an ad
Merchandise for sale
Buy and sell
Pets
Advertise with us
Online media kit
Place an ad
Access to newsday.com
Who has full access to newsday.com?
Full access to Newsday.com is an exclusive benefit for Newsday home delivery and digital access subscribers. Newsday home delivery subscribers will also be asked to complete a simple registration to ensure full, unlimited access to Newsday.com.
Who has limited access to newsday.com?
Anyone who is not a Newsday subscriber, or is a subscriber who is not signed in, will have access to limited content on Newsday.com. A user can gain full access by becoming a Newsday home delivery subscriber or by purchasing a Newsday digital access subscription.
Once a subscriber, a user will have full access when logged in.
What is limited access? What will I see? Anyone who is not logged in will have access to limited content on Newsday.com. The following list is meant to be an example of how limited access works, but it does not cover all areas of the site:
Homepage and section fronts - These can be accessed, and all headlines can be seen. If a user clicks a headline to go to an article, blog or column, he or she will get a preview of that content and an invitation to subscribe.
Photo galleries - Users who begin their experience with Newsday.com in a photo gallery will have access to one image and then will be asked to login or register.
Video - Video is viewable to registered users only.
Classifieds, community affairs programs, service areas such as FAQs, and content such as obituaries and weather is be open to all users.
Search - A user will be able to search the site for various content and see the results of that search. However, clicking on an article, blog, or column will only display a preview of that content.
Register for newsday.com
Why should I register? If you are a Newsday home delivery subscriber, you need to complete a simple, one-time registration. Only Newsday home delivery or digital access subscribers will enjoy full, unlimited access to Newsday.com.
How do I register? To register for Newsday.com, click the "Register" button at the top right corner of any page or type www.newsday.com/register into your browser.
Is registration free? If you are a Newsday home delivery subscriber, registration is free and takes less than a minute. If you are not a Newsday home delivery subscriber, you will need to subscribe to home delivery purchase a Newsday digital access subscription before you can register for access to the site.
I am having trouble registering. There are blue question marks (?) beside the registration fields that explain the information required. If you enter incorrect information you will be alerted with a red error message that explains the correct parameters for the entry.
What if I need more help? You can email helpme@newsday.com or call 1-877-545-4834.
I am already registered. Why don't I stay logged in every time I visit newsday.com? When you are completing the registration form, check the "Remember me on this computer" box and you will not have to log in every time you visit from that computer. If you don't log out of Newsday.com before you close your browser, you will have full access on your next visit. If you access Newsday.com from a different computer, you will need your email and password for a one-time log in.
I am a Newsday home delivery subscriber. Am I automatically registered? If you are a home delivery subscriber, you are not automatically registered for Newsday.com. You will need to complete a one-time, simple registration process to enjoy full, unlimited access to Newsday.com. Please follow these easy steps:
Click the "Register" button at the top of the homepage and choose "I am a Newsday subscriber."
To confirm your subscription, please complete the entire form. Then press the “Register” button. You should be validated within seconds. If your subscription fails to validate, please check the information you provided. You can also email helpme@newsday.com or call 1-877-LI-LIVE-IT (1-877-545-4834).
At the bottom of the form you will notice a "Remember me on this computer" box. You should check this box if you don't want to be required to log in every time you visit from that computer. When you've finished filling in the form, click the "Register" button.
You will get a message that says you are almost done. A link has been sent to your email account, and you must click on that link to activate your Newsday.com account.
Once your account is activated, a screen will display the newsletters and offers available to you.
To sign up for newsletters, check the boxes beside the newsletters you want, hit "Submit" and you're done! For detailed information on available text alerts and newsletters, click here.
If you want to register multiple email addresses on your account, please repeat the registration steps for each new email address. Note that anyone logged in with your subscription information will have access to Manage My Newsday and can view and change your home delivery information.
I’m not a Newsday subscriber. What should I do?
If you are not a Newsday subscriber, you will need to subscribe to either of these services or purchase a Newsday subscription. After your payment has been processed, you will be guided through the registration process. To activate your registration, please click the activation link sent to the email address you provided during the registration process.
Signing up for NewslettersOnce your account is activated, a screen will display the newsletters and offers available to you. Hit "Submit" and you're done! For information on available newsletters, click here.
Find/change my password
You can change your password by clicking on "Manage" in the header and selecting "Preferences."
Find/change my email address
If you have forgotten the email address you used to register at newsday.com, you will have to register a new email address. Click the register button at the top right of the header. To disable your old email address, please email helpme@newsday.com or call 1-877-545-4834, and simply complete registration to use your new email address.
Can I have multiple email
addresses?
You can register multiple email addresses per household under your Newsday account by simply repeating the registration process with each new email address. Newsday subscribers should note that anyone logged in with their subscription information will have access to "Manage My Newsday" and can view and change home delivery information.
Reset a forgotten password On the log in screen, you can click the "Forgot password" link under the password box. It will ask you to fill in your email and submit. A temporary password will be emailed to you immediately. You can use that to log in, but you should go to your profile page and choose a new password once you have done so.
Newsletters - A list of available newsletters and email news alerts appears with a check mark in any newsletter you are currently signed up for. Simply check or uncheck the boxes to change your newsletter choices, then click "Save."
What do you do with my information? Your privacy is very important to us and we take seriously the safeguarding of your information. For more information on what information we collect and how we use your information, please review our Privacy Policy .
How do you protect my privacy? Protecting your privacy is very important to Newsday. We take seriously the collection of any personally identifiable information and personal information from our visitors. For more information on the measures we take to safeguard your information, please review our Privacy Policy.
How to register - step by step
Newsday
home delivery subscriber -- please follow these easy steps:
Click the "Register" button at the top of the homepage and choose "I am a Newsday subscriber."
To confirm your subscription, please complete the entire form. Then press the "Register" button. You should be validated within seconds. If your subscription fails to validate, please check the information you provided. You can also email helpme@newsday.com or call 1-877-545-4834.
At the bottom of the form you will notice a "Remember me on this computer" box. Check this box if you don't want to be required to log in every time you visit from that computer. When you've finished filling in the form, click the "Register" button.
You will get a message that says you are almost done. A link has been sent to your email account, and you must click on that link to activate your newsday.com account.
Once your account is activated, a screen will display the newsletters and offers available to you.
To sign up for newsletters, check the boxes beside the newsletters you want, hit "Submit" and you're done! For detailed information on available text alerts and newsletters, click here.
If you want to register multiple email addresses on your account, please repeat the registration steps with each new email address. Note that anyone logged in with your subscription information will have access to Manage My Newsday and can view and change your home delivery information.
Not
a Newsday home delivery subscriber - please
follow these easy steps:
If you are not a Newsday subscriber, you will need
purchase a Newsday subscription. After your payment has been processed, you will be guided through the registration process. To activate your registration, please click the activation link sent to the email address you provided during the registration process.
Sign up for newsletters and alerts
What email newsletters and alerts are available?
Newsday offers a variety of free email newsletters covering a wide range of topics. This includes breaking news, business, sports, family and entertainment, politics, opinion, and community newsletters.
To sign and manage your newsletter subscriptions please visit our Newsletter Preference Center at Newsday.com/newsletters
If you are a registered user, you may also opt-in to receive notifications to your browser (This feature is only compatible with Chrome, Firefox, Safari and Opera browsers).
Where do I sign up? If you are not registered, click the "Register" link at the top right of the header above the navigation. After you register, you will get information about the available newsletters and be asked to sign up for your choices. If you are already a registered user, click on the "My Profile" link and either sign up for newsletters or change your previous selections.
Will I receive confirmation? Yes.
What should I do if I don't receive a newsletter or alert I signed up for? Email helpme@newsday.com or call 1-877-545-4834.
HTML or text: Which format is right for me? We send all of our emails HTML unless your device is not capable of viewing that. Then you will automatically receive a text-only email.
When will I begin receiving newsletters or alerts? You should begin receiving newsletters as soon as they are published. Some newsletters are delivered daily and others weekly. . Here is a link for newsletters to see all of our newsletter choices, along with their delivery days.
How do I unsubscribe? Click the link at the bottom of the newsletter you receive to change your email choices. That will take you to the Newsday.com newsletter preference page, where you can click on your username and then the "Newsletter" tab to change your email choices. There is also an unsubscribe link at the bottom of the newsletter.
Can I suggest newsletters newsday.com should add? Yes, please do. Email us at web@newsday.com.
Do you have mobile apps? Yes, you can get Long Island news and information 24/7 on your iPad, iPhone,
Android and Kindle devices. You can get breaking news, sports, entertainment, business and lifestyle news, customize local Long Island news by ZIP code, flip through most popular photos, watch local news, sports and entertainment videos and more. Click to download and find out more
Share content with newsday.com
Send us a news tip Go to
newsday.com/tips to see a form that that allows you to submit news tips. Please fill out the form and submit.
Upload your photos Go to http://www.newsday.com/user-content to submit photos. Please fill out the form and submit. Please make sure your photo conforms to the required specifications and follow the instructions to upload. There is also an "Upload photo" button on all photo galleries that allow photo sharing.
Upload your videos Go to http://www.newsday.com/user-content to submit videos.. Please fill out the form and submit.
Submit an event to Newsday Go to http://www.newsday.com/user-content/submit-an-event-1.1992168 and fill in the information on the form.
Our code of conduct for sharing Please read our Terms of Service for our full Code of Conduct for sharing on the site. Please make sure the comment you are posting complies with our terms. Be polite. Inappropriate posts may be removed by the moderator.
Send us your feedback on the site Send us an email at web@newsday.com.
Send a News Report using iSend in the Newsday app
Send us a news report. You can submit a report along with photos and videos in the Newsday app while on the go. The iSend feature can be found by swiping left in the carousel under the Newsday logo in the smartphone app. On the tablet app, simply press the More button in the lower right corner to find iSend in the list.
Resolve technical difficulties
Report a bug on the site To report a bug or bad user experience on the site, email helpme@newsday.com .
Who do I contact if I can't resolve the issue? Email helpme@newsday.com or call 1-877-545-4834.
Which browsers does newsday.com support? newsday.com is best viewed with the latest version of Firefox, Google Chrome or Safari. It can also be viewed in Internet Explorer 9 or later. If you are using an older version of Internet Explorer, your experience will be less than optimal.
Download and install the latest browsers to improve your experience:
Download Firefox
Download Internet Explorer
Download Safari
Download Google Chrome
What is the best screen resolution for viewing your site? 1024x728 or higher.
What if the type is too small for me to read? You can make the type larger or smaller by clicking the "A-" or "A+" link in the article tools area, above the headline of any article. You can also adjust text size using your browser tools. This varies, depending on which browser you are using.
What can I do if the site loads slowly for me? The time it takes the site to load depends primarily on the Internet speed coming into your computer and other traffic or users on that Internet line. The site may load more slowly the first time you visit to newsday.com since it has not been cached on your computer. After the first visit it should load more quickly. If you find that it loads more slowly than other news sites, email helpme@newsday.com or call 1-877-545-4834.
How do I use video on your site? You can find the video player on the homepage by clicking the "Top Videos" link in the main carousel. An overlay will come down with the video player and many Video on Demand choices. Double-click the thumbnail of the video you want to play and it will begin in the player. The tools to control the player show upon mousing over the player. You can view our HD-quality video in full screen mode by clicking on the icon at the bottom right of the player. To close the video overlay, click the X in the right-hand corner or click again on the top videos tab.
You can also access video through the video button on the top horizontal navigation located on every page header.
I am interested in making an online transaction on your site. How do I know it is secure? Our site uses VeriSign SSL for security.
Newsday print edition
Buy Newsday front pages or merchandise To obtain copies of photographs that have appeared in Newsday's print edition or on newsday.com, visit newsday.com/buyphotos. To purchase a page reproduction, call 631-843-4725 or go to Newsday pages
Get Newsday's Today's PaperAnyone with full digital access who is signed in can access Newsday's digital edition of the newspaper. Today's Paper is available on newsday.com and also in the Newsday app for iPad, iPhone, Kindle and Android devises
Manage my Newsday print subscription You must now be a newsday.com registered user and you must be logged in to be able to manage your Newsday home delivery account online. Please go to Manage My Newsday for more details on how to request a vacation stop, pay your bill, report a delivery problem, compliment your carrier and more. You can also reach the circulation department at 1-800-NEWSDAY (639-7329).
Newsday back copies To purchase a back issue of Newsday, call 1-631-843-3135.
Permission to reprint For reprints, rights & and permissions to republish Newsday stories or photographs, contact: PARS International Corp. at 1-212-221-9595 ext. 324 or fax to 1-212-221-9195. You can email PARS at Newsday@parsintl.com
Didn’t find what you were looking for?
Try our new Search