http://www.rlssdirect.co.uk/help/terms.php
Home
Products
NEWVouchersRookie LifeguardLifesavingLifesaving SportWork Based QualificationsPool ManagementLifeguarding (Pool & Beach)RLSS UK Trainer & Instructor KitEmergency Response & First AidRLSS UK MerchandiseOpen WaterWarehouse ClearanceCatalogueMembershipDrowning Prevention WeekCommunity ResourcesFin2Fit
Courses
Donate
Resources
Membership
Help
Login or Register
Search
Product Categories
NEWVouchersRookie LifeguardLifesavingLifesaving SportWork Based QualificationsPool ManagementLifeguarding (Pool & Beach)RLSS UK Trainer & Instructor KitEmergency Response & First AidRLSS UK MerchandiseOpen WaterWarehouse ClearanceCatalogueMembershipDrowning Prevention WeekCommunity ResourcesFin2Fit
Terms & Conditions
These terms and conditions and the Website Disclaimers apply to use of the rlssdirect.co.uk website and all other orders placed offline.
By using this Web Site and/or placing an order offline you agree to be bound by both these Terms and Conditions and the Website Disclaimers.
Please read through the Terms and Conditions carefully and then print a copy for future reference.
If you do not agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions and the Website Disclaimers, you may not use or access this Website.
These terms and conditions apply to all orders you place with RLSS Direct.
By placing an order, you agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions.
Please read through the Terms and Conditions.
THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS DO NOT AFFECT YOUR STATUTORY RIGHTS.
1.
Basis of Contract
1.1
Any reference to (Web Site) is to the Web site located at the URL rlssdirect.co.uk.
'We, Us, Our, Ourselves' means RLSS UK Enterprises Limited trading as Lifesavers Direct.
'You, Your, Yourself' means the person who orders Goods from Us.
'Goods' means the goods available for purchase either on Our Web Site and/or through Our catalogue and which are ordered from Us by You.
'Resources' means Our online resuscitation materials which are available to subscribers via the Web Site.
1.2
These terms and conditions up to and including clause 14 shall govern the purchase of Goods to the exclusion of any other terms and conditions.
If, however, You subscribe to the Resources, in addition the terms and conditions in clause 15 onwards will govern Your use of the Resources.
These terms and conditions are set out at the end of this document.
1.3
These terms and conditions supersede all terms and conditions and shall replace any terms and conditions previously notified to You.
1.4
No variation to these terms and conditions shall be binding on Us unless agreed in writing between You and one of Our authorised representatives.
1.5
Our employees and/or agents are not authorised to make any representations or warranties concerning Our Web Site, Our catalogue and/or the Goods unless confirmed by Us in writing.
1.6
You acknowledge that You do not rely on any representation and/or warranty that has not been made in accordance with these terms and conditions.
1.7
We may modify these Terms and Conditions at any time.
We therefore advise you regularly review the Terms and Conditions.
Your continued use of the Web Site and/or Your decision to order further Goods from Us shall be deemed to be Your acceptance of any modification which will apply to any subsequent orders placed by You.
1.8
Nothing in these terms and conditions shall exclude or limit Your statutory rights which may not be excluded or limited due to You acting as a consumer.
Where You are acting as a consumer, any provision which is marked with an asterisk (*) may, subject to determination by the Courts, have no force or effect.
For information about Your statutory rights as consumer, please contact Your local Trading Standards Office or Citizens Advice Bureau (or, if you are located outside of the United Kingdom, Your equivalent consumer protection body).
2.
Orders
2.1
We shall have the right to refuse to accept any orders placed for Goods.
2.2
You shall be responsible for the accuracy of an order and for giving Us any information We need to perform the Contract.
For example, if You require us to print anything for You, You must provide Us with all necessary artwork and ensure that any text You want printed on the Goods is accurate.
In addition, You agree to re-imburse Us for any and all costs, losses and/or liability We may incur if a third party claims that, by using Your artwork and/or specification, We have infringed that third party's intellectual property rights.
2.3
If You order Goods via the Website, Your order for Goods shall not be deemed accepted by Us until We send an order confirmation e-mail to You.
If You order Goods by way of telephone, We will verbally confirm at the time of the order whether or not We accept Your order.
If You send Us an order by post, due to the speed at which we try and dispatch Your order We will only notify You if We cannot fulfil Your order.
2.4
The contract between Us will be formed at the point We accept Your order or, in the case of postal orders, at the time Ee process Your order.
2.5
Goods are subject to availability.
If We are unable to supply You with the Goods due to the fact that they are out of stock, We will inform You as soon as possible.
You will be given the option of (i) waiting until the Goods are in stock when We will perform the Contract; (ii) choosing Goods of an equivalent functionality, price and quality or (iii) cancelling Your affected order (or the affected part of your order) and obtaining a full refund if We have already received payment from You for the cancelled Goods.
If You request an alternative which is more expensive, You must pay to Us the difference between the price You originally paid for Your Goods and the more expensive replacement.
If, however, the alternative item You select is cheaper than Your original selection, We will refund the difference to You as soon as possible.
2.6
We do try to make sure that all details contained within the Web Site and in Our catalogue are as accurate as possible. On the rare occasion that there is an error, We will advise You about it as soon as possible.
2.7
Please note that any details and/or specifications regarding the Goods (including but not limited to any descriptions and/or photographs of the Goods) are intended as a guide only and only give a general approximation of the Goods.
For example, the actual colour of the Goods may vary from the colour in the accompanying photograph.
2.8
If you are acting for a Local Authority and/or a company, We can issue You with a VAT invoice for the Goods provided that You send Your order on Your official order form in writing which is posted to Us.
3.
Children
3.1
We will not accept orders for the Goods from anyone under the age of 18 years.
By placing orders for the Goods with Us, You confirm that you are aged 18 years or over.
4.
Cancellation
4.1
Where applicable, You may cancel Your order in accordance with Your rights under the Distance Selling Regulations.
4.2
You have the right to cancel the contract for the purchase of Goods within 7 working days of delivery of the Goods to You.
This right of cancellation does not apply to Goods which have been worn, washed and/or otherwise used.
4.3
To cancel Your order You can email us at info@rlssdirect.co.uk with your instructions (entering the words 'Order cancel' in the subject title), telephone or write to Us (see Our Details section at the end of the Terms and Conditions for contact details) within 7 working days of delivery of Your Goods, quoting Your order number and/or any other information We may need to identify Your order.
We will issue You with a returns number.
You must take reasonable care of the items whilst they are in Your possession and You must not use them. Please return the Goods to Us in their original packaging, quoting the returns number.
We advise that You return any Goods using registered post in order to ensure their safe return.
4.4
We will only refund the purchase price (if We have received payment of the price) when We have received the Goods back from You in an unused, unworn, undamaged and re-sellable state.
If the Goods are not returned in a re-sellable condition, We may (at Our discretion) refund only part of the purchase price of the returned Goods.
If We decide that We cannot refund Your money due to the condition of the Goods when returned, We will give You the option of keeping the Goods but You must pay for these Goods to be returned to You.
You will not obtain a refund of any delivery charges You incur.
4.5
Sometimes We will charge special prices for Goods if they are bought in conjunction with another item.
If You decide to return one of these items to Us, We will charge You full price for any item You choose to keep.
5.
Delivery
5.1
Dates and times for delivery are estimates only and are not guaranteed.
They are also subject to any matter beyond Our reasonable control.
As a general rule, We will endeavour to complete Your order within 7 working days of the date of Our acceptance of Your order (subject to the Goods being in stock).
5.2
If You place Your order with Us by telephone, You may choose to have the Goods delivered to You using our 'next day delivery' service for an additional fee.
Provided that Your order reaches us before 12pm on a working day and provided that the ordered items are in stock, We will deliver the Goods to You by special delivery to arrive the next working day.
Any orders for next day delivery which are placed on a Friday after 12pm will be delivered on the following Tuesday.
Please note that We cannot offer this service where the Goods are to be delivered to You directly by Our supplier and/or if You live outside mainland UK.
We will let You know if this service is not available to You.
All next day delivery parcels must be signed for on receipt.
5.3
You shall have no right to reject Goods and no right to rescind the Contract for late delivery unless the due date for delivery has passed and You have served on Us a written notice requiring the Contract to be performed and giving Us not less than 14 days in which to do so and the notice has not been complied with.
5.4
We shall not be required to fulfil orders for Goods in the sequence in which they are placed.
We may deliver orders even if all of the Goods in an order are not available.
Any missing items will be delivered to You as soon as possible.
5.5
We may deliver overseas but this is only upon special arrangement and You must contact Us for details of prices and availability.
5.6
You will see that some of Our Goods are marked with an LLD code.
As a result of terms imposed on Us by certain of Our suppliers, if Your order for Goods sold under the LLD code is for less than £50, We will charge You a surcharge of £3.
Please note that, even if Your order is for more than £50 in total, We will still charge You the £3 surcharge if the total value of the Goods with an LLD code in Your order is less than £50.
5.7
For some of Our items, You can opt to send Us a stamped addressed envelope in which We will send You the Goods.
If You do this, We will not charge You for delivery.
We will only charge You for the Goods in accordance with the prices as detailed in Our catalogue and/or on Our website.
All items where this option is available to You are marked 'SAE'.
We have no responsibility for the safe delivery of any Goods which We send to You in a stamped addressed envelope once We have put the envelope in the post.
5.8
You may provide Us with specific delivery instructions at the time of order.
For example, You may want to request that the Goods be delivered to an address other than your contact address and/or that the Goods be delivered by the carriers without the need for a signature on delivery.
Please note that:
5.8.1 if You pay by credit or debit card, Our chosen bank for authorising payments may not allow Us to deliver to an address other than that to which the card is registered; and
5.8.2 We accept no liability for any loss and/or damage to the Goods which arises as a result of Our complying with Your delivery instructions.
5.9
In order to get the Goods to You as quickly as possible, We may arrange for our supplier to deliver the Goods directly to You.
If this is the case, We will need to provide your contact details to Our supplier to enable them to deliver the Goods to You.
They will only have access to Your name, Your contact details, Your delivery address, Your specific delivery instructions (if any) and details of the Goods You have ordered.
By placing an order with Us, you agree that We may disclose such of Your personal details to Our supplier(s) for this purpose.
6.
Price & Payment
6.1
Subject to any pricing error, the price You pay is the price displayed in respect of the relevant Goods on the Web Site and/or in the catalogue at the time We receive Your order, plus the applicable delivery charges.
6.2
Our Web Site and catalogue will clearly state the period during which the prices are valid.
6.3
Our prices in our catalogue are displayed both exclusive and inclusive of VAT.
If only one price is given (i.e. online), it is inclusive of any applicable VAT.
6.4
Whilst We try and ensure that all prices on Our Web Site and in Our catalogue are accurate, errors may occur. If We discover an error in the price of the Goods You have ordered We will inform You as soon as possible and give You the option of either reconfirming Your order at the correct price or cancelling it. If We are unable to contact You We will treat the order as cancelled. If You cancel an order due to an error in price and We have already received payment for the affected Goods, You will receive a full refund.
6.5
Payment is due at the time You place Your order.
We use a third party, National Westminster Bank Plc, to authorise Your payment for the Goods where You pay by either debit or credit card (whether You order online, by telephone or by post).
Please note that we are not responsible for ensuring the confidentiality of Your data once it is passed to National Westminster Bank Plc and We accept no liability for any loss and/or damage that You may suffer as a result of the acts and/or omissions of National Westminster Bank Plc.
6.6
If you are posting Your order to Us, you may pay by way of cheque or postal order (made payable to 'RLSS UK Enterprise Limited') or You may insert your credit/debit card details on the order form.
6.7
If you place Your order by telephone, You may make payment using a credit card and/or a debit card.
6.8
*If You fail to make any payment in full on the due date We may charge You interest (before and after judgement) on the amount unpaid at the rate implied by law under the Late Payment of Commercial Debts (Interest) Act 1998 (where applicable) or at the rate of 4% above the base rate of Our bankers from time to time, whichever is the greater.
6.9
*You must pay all sums due to Us without any set off, deduction, counterclaim and/or any other withholding of monies.
7.
Credit Limit
7.1
In some cases, We may agree to set up a credit account for you.
In this case, additional terms may apply to you.
We may set a reasonable credit limit for You.
Changes in Your credit limit will be notified to You from time to time.
7.2
These terms and conditions shall govern all orders You place with Us.
7.3
We may refuse to accept orders for Goods and/or to suspend or withhold delivery of Goods to You if such Goods would result in You exceeding Your credit limit or the credit limit is already exceeded.
7.4
Payment terms on credit accounts are strictly 30 days.
8.
Risk and Ownership
8.1
Risk in the Goods shall pass to You at the time of delivery.
Delivery shall be deemed to occur at the time when the Goods arrive at the delivery address provided to Us by You.
This clause shall not, however, apply where We deliver the Goods to You using Your stamped addressed envelope.
In such cases, risk will pass to You when We put the envelope in the post.
8.2
You will not own the Goods until We have received payment in full in cleared funds for them.
Whilst We remain the owner of the Goods, You agree that We may enter Your premises to retrieve the Goods.
If the Goods are located at a third party's premises, You agree to obtain consent for Us to enter that third party's premises in order to take back the Goods which belong to Us.
9.
Faulty Goods
9.1
If You discover the Goods are faulty, You must notify us of the defect within 7 days of the date of delivery or within a reasonable period of time of discovery (if the defect was not readily apparent).
9.2
We may ask You to return the Goods to us for inspection before We send You a replacement.
If the Goods are faulty, We will replace the faulty Goods at no additional cost to You and refund any reasonable costs You may have incurred in returning the faulty Goods to Us.
10.
Data Protection
10.1
When You place an Order, You will be asked to provide certain personal information such as Your contact details, debit/credit card or other payment information.
We will store the data that You provide to Us on computers.
10.2
We will comply with the requirements of all Data Protection legislation in force in England and Wales from time to time.
In particular, You may request a copy of any personal data held by Us about You upon written application.
Please note that We reserve the right to charge the current statutory fee for providing You with such information.
10.3
We intend to manage any information learned about You in an ethical manner.
It will be used for the following purposes:-
10.3.1
to process Your account and order;
10.3.2
to administer Our Web Site services which may involve sharing information with Our network provider;
10.3.3
to administer Our business;
10.3.4
for assessment and analysis (e.g. market, customer and product analysis) to enable Us to review, develop and improve the services which We offer and to enable Us to provide You with relevant information through Our marketing programme; and/or
10.3.5
To notify You of products that may be of interest to You unless You inform Us that You do not wish to receive such information.
10.4
We may also disclose Your information to anyone to whom we transfer or may transfer Our business and/or Our rights and duties under Our Contract with You or to the police or any other regulatory or government authority where We are legally required to do so.
10.5
We may disclose Your personal details to one of Our suppliers in order to perform and carry out Your order as efficiently as possible.
10.6
If You send any communication to Us by email, please remember that the Internet is not a secure medium and privacy cannot be assured.
We do not accept any liability for any harm or damage You may experience or incur by sending personal or confidential information to Us over the Internet or is We send You such information.
10.7
If You do not wish Us to notify You of additional products or services that We think may be of interest to You, please write to Us at the address set out in the section headed 'Our Details' or e-mail us at info@rlssdirect.co.uk.
10.8
If You are acting for a Local Authority or other public body and you receive a request from a third party under the Freedom of Information Act 2000 which could lead to the disclosure of information relating to Our business, You must immediately inform Us of the request.
You agree to take into account Our representations as to whether We consider Our information to be exempt from disclosure under the Freedom of Information Act 2000 and also keep us informed as to the progression of the matter.
10.9
Alternatively, if You require Our assistance in dealing with any Freedom of Information Act request You may receive, We may (at Our option) help You deal with the request provided that You agree to pay any and all costs We reasonably incur.
10.10
Please also refer to our Privacy Policy.
10.11
To improve customer service, all calls to RLSS Direct are recorded for training and monitoring purposes in accordance with Telecommunications (Data Protection and Privacy) Regulations 1999.
For the security of your data our staff
will pause recording when requesting credit card details for payment.
11.
Intellectual Property
11.1
All intellectual property rights in the catalogue and/or the Web Site, their design, text, photographs, selection and arrangement and all other accompanying information belong to Us (unless otherwise acknowledged).
You may not use, reproduce, re-publish, modify and/or distribute all or any part of the catalogue, the Web Site and/or accompanying documentation other than to purchase the Goods from Us.
If You infringe Our intellectual property rights, We reserve the right to take criminal and/or civil action against You.
12.
Liability
12.1
If You are acting as a consumer We shall have no liability to You for any loss of profits, business or revenue, damage to goodwill, economic and/or any loss that was not reasonably foreseeable at the time You entered into this Contract.
12.2
*All warranties, representations, terms, conditions and duties implied by law relating to fitness, quality and/or adequacy are excluded to the fullest extent permitted by law.
12.3
*We shall have no liability to You for any:
12.3.1
consequential losses (including loss of profits and/or damage to goodwill);
12.3.2
economic or other similar losses;
12.3.3
special damages and/or indirect losses; and/o
12.3.4
business interruption, loss of business, contracts, production and/or opportunity.
12.4
*Our total liability to You under and/or arising out of any contract shall not exceed '[
].
To the extent that any of Our liability would be met by any of Our insurance then Our liability shall be extended to the extent that such liability is met by such insurance.
12.5
Each of the limitations and exclusions shall be deemed to be repeated and apply as a separate provision for each of:
12.5.1
breach of contract (including fundamental breach);
12.5.2
*liability in tort (including negligence;
12.5.3
*liability for breach of statutory duty and/or common law except clause 12.4 above which shall apply once only in respect of all types of liability.
12.6
Nothing in this contract shall exclude or limit Our liability for death or personal injury due to Our negligence, Our fraud and any other type of liability We cannot exclude or limit as a matter of law.
12.7
We do not guarantee that Our Web Site will be compatible with Your computer, and We accept no liability for any corruption or loss of data held on Your computer, or any liability for any other loss or damage of any kind caused to Your computer resulting from the use of Our Web Site.
13.
General
13.1
*No waiver by Us of any breach of this Agreement shall be considered as a waiver of any subsequent breach of the same provision or other provision.
13.2
If any provision of this Agreement is held by any competent authority to be invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part the validity of the other provisions of this Agreement and the remainder of the affected provision shall be unaffected and shall remain in full force and effect.
13.3
We shall have no liability to You for any delay in performance to the extent that such delay is due to any event outside Our reasonable control including but not limited to acts of God, war, flood, fire, labour disputes, shortage of materials, subcontractor delays, strikes, lock-outs, riots, civil commotion, malicious damage, explosion, governmental actions and any other similar events.
If We are affected by any such event then time for performance shall be extended for a period equal to the period that such event or events delayed such performance.
13.4
All third party rights are excluded and no third party shall have any right to enforce this Agreement.
13.5
The laws of England and Wales govern the contract between Us and any dispute between Us will be resolved non -exclusively in the courts of England and Wales. English is the only language offered for the conclusion of the contract.
14.
Our Details
14.1
RLSS Direct is a trading name of RLSS UK Enterprises Limited.
All contracts for the sale of Goods are placed with RLSS UK Enterprises Limited trading as Lifesavers Direct.
14.2
Our registered office address is RLSS UK Enterprises Limited, River House, High Street, Broom, Warwickshire,B50 4HN but our address for correspondence is Trinity House, Lisburn, County Antrim, BT28 2EX, Northern Ireland.
Our telephone number is 0344 824 3440.
14.3
Our VAT registration number is 754 5285 12
14.4
If You are unhappy with any aspects of the service and/or Goods that We have provided to You or have any comments regarding the service, please contact Us by writing to the above address or e-mail Us at info@rlssdirect.co.uk
14.5
We will endeavour to respond promptly to all communications.
THE FOLLOWING ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS WILL APPLY WHERE YOU SUBSCRIBE TO THE RESOURCES
15.
Use of the Resources
15.1
When You purchase a subscription from Us to use the Resources, We will give You a user name and password which will allow You to access the Resources via the Web Site.
15.2
Your user name and password are Your responsibility and You must keep them confidential.
If You know there has been a breach of security and/or Your user name and/or password have been disclosed to and/or obtained by a third party, You must immediately inform Us.
Any person who accesses the Resources using Your user name and password shall be deemed to be authorised by You to access the Resources unless You have informed us to the contrary.
You are responsible for any actions which are committed using Your user name and password until such time as You have notified Us that the user name and/or password have been disclosed to and/or obtained by a third party.
15.3
We may de-activate your user name and password without notice if:
15.3.1
You breach any terms of use of the Resources;
15.3.2
Your subscription for the Resources is terminated; and/or
15.3.3
We reasonably suspect that Your user name and/or password has been disclosed to and/or obtained by an unauthorised third party and/or are being misused.
16.
Intellectual Property
16.1
All web design, text, graphics, pictures, documents, information and other content of the Resources and the selection and arrangement of them and all software compilations, coding, underlying source code, software and other material used in providing the Resources are owned by Us unless otherwise acknowledged.
If You infringe our intellectual property rights in the Resources, We reserve the right to take criminal and/or civil action.
16.2
You agree to indemnify and keep Us indemnified from and against any and all loss, liability, claims, proceedings, damages, costs (including legal costs on a full indemnity basis) which We suffer as a result of Your use of the Resources and/or your non-compliance with these terms and conditions.
16.3
You may only download, copy and/or print the items which form part of the Resources for Your own personal use.
You may not change and/or delete any content, design and/or layout of the Resources without our express consent.
There are some forms which form part of the Resources.
You may, where indicated, download these forms as Word documents and complete them electronically without being in breach of this clause.
17
Liability
17.1
We provide the Resources on an 'as is' basis and make no representations and give no warranties of any kind with respect to the Resources and/or their content.
For example, We do not warrant that:
17.1.1
the information You obtain and/or have access to via the Resources is accurate, complete and/or up to date.
We may amend and/or delete information at any time;
17.1.2
Your use of the Resources will be uninterrupted and/or error free.
This is a matter for our internet service provider and the internet generally and is therefore outside our reasonable control.
We shall have no liability to You if You are unable to access the Resources; and
17.1.3
the information passed to You and/or which You access and/or download will be free of any viruses, Trojan horses, worms and/or other harmful code.
It is Your responsibility to ensure that Your computer system is adequately safeguarded against viruses or other destructive programmes.
17.2
We shall have no liability to You if You use the Resources incorrectly and/or otherwise than in accordance with these terms and conditions.
17.3
We do not warrant that the Resources will meet Your particular requirements.
17.4
We may suspend and/or withdraw the Resources and/or change the structure and/or content of the Resources at any time.
We may also change and/or withdraw any hardware or software used to support, access, maintain and/or run the Resources without any liability to You.
18
Black Friday Events
18.1
No Next Day service
18.2
Please allow 10-14 days for delivery
18.3
While stocks last
18.4
Normal online delivery charges apply
18.5
Offers are distinct to the Black Friday period and supersede all other pricing rules, offers and promotions