https://www.tennisireland.ie/data-protection/privacy-policy/
Tennis Ireland Privacy Policy
Tennis Ireland Privacy Policy
This statement aims to explain how Tennis Ireland may use your personal information submitted by you either by means of the Tennis Ireland website or through another method, for example by applying for membership, tournaments, garda vetting, a coach licence, an education course, to join one of our high performance programmes or for a job with Tennis Ireland.
Processing Your Personal Information
If you choose to give Tennis Ireland personal information, such as your name, contact details and date of birth (for example to process an application or provide you with a subscription to a Tennis Ireland or related service) then this will be held and processed by Tennis Ireland in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1988., the Data Protection (Amendment) Act 2003 and the EU Data Protection Directive 95/46/EC.
Tennis Ireland may also need to transfer your personal information to its Branches, affiliates, agents or sub-contractors – who will process it strictly on the Tennis Ireland’s behalf.
Use of Your Personal Information
Tennis Ireland may use your personal information for the following purposes:
To perform the services, you have requested (such as providing you with the benefits of Tennis Ireland Membership or providing you with information you have asked for) which may involve contacting you by post or e-mail.
To allow Tennis Ireland to administer Irish tennis, for instance by organising tournaments and issuing coach licences.
To make parts of the website easier for you to use by not making you enter your personal information more than once.
The reasonable purposes of Tennis Ireland, acting always within the Data Protection Acts and their subsequent Amendments.
To market to you Tennis Ireland and third-party products and services and other purposes as you may have consented to in submitting your personal data.
We may also use your information for detection of fraud and market research purposes.
Sensitive Personal Information
Sometimes Tennis Ireland will collect and process so-called sensitive personal data relating to you.
Ethnicity data
If collected from you, this will be used to identify and keep under review equality of opportunity within Irish Tennis, and (anonymously) for statistical and reporting purposes.
Disability data
If collected from you, this will be used to identify and keep under review equality of opportunity within Irish tennis, and (anonymously) for statistical and reporting purposes.
Medical data
If collected from you (e.g. because you are an elite player), this may be processed on the Tennis Ireland Server and implemented to improve the medical care of players and to allow accurate monitoring and tracking of injuries. Data may be anonymised and used for research/study/audit purposes to enhance the quality of care received by players
Injuries data
This may be collected by Tennis Ireland directly from you or via your club e.g. through a tournament withdrawal form. It will be used to assist with tournament results and rankings information and (anonymously) for statistical and reporting purposes. If you are an elite player, injuries date may also be processed.
Anti-Doping
If you are an elite player who is required to participate in doping control procedures undertaken by a doping control officer appointed by Sport Ireland or the ITF, the results of such procedures may be used in results management, including associated disciplinary hearings, appeals and adjudications.
Criminal records data
Tennis Ireland is registered with the Garda Vetting Bureau to assist it in ensuring that those who take up appointments do not pose a risk to the children in its care. Tennis Ireland may therefore process criminal records data disclosed by the Garda Vetting Bureau. This will be processed in accordance with the Garda Vetting Bureau’s Code of Practice for Registered Persons.
Cookies
Information may be sent to your computer in the form of an Internet “cookie” to allow Tennis Ireland servers to monitor your requirements. The cookie is stored on your computer. The Tennis Ireland server may request that your computer return a cookie to it. These return cookies do not contain any information supplied by you or any personally identifiable information about you.
Such measures are necessary to allow Tennis Ireland to measure the usability of the systems, which will help in its continuing development to ensure that we understand the requirements of Irish tennis. Your browser software should however enable you to block cookies if you wish to. For more information about cookies, please visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
Consent
By submitting your personal information to us, you signify your consent to our using the information provided in the manner described above. If we amend our privacy policy, it will be published on this web site. If at any time you wish to update the information which we hold about you, or if you wish to stop receiving information from Tennis Ireland, please contact info@tennisireland.ie
Type text and press enter
×
CookiesThis site uses cookies. Find out more