http://www.newcastleknights.com.au/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Main
News
Watch
Draw
Ladder
Teams
Community
Fantasy
Tipping
About
Stadium Information
Game Day
Red Energy Newcastle Knights Cheerleaders
Virtual Dealership
Membership
Tickets
Shop
Corporate
Search
Log In
Major Sponsors
You have skipped the navigation, tab for page content
Privacy Policy
/
At Knights Rugby League Pty Ltd ("the Newcastle Knights" or "We/we" or "Our/our" or "Us/us") (and all subsidiaries) we are fully committed to respecting your privacy. The following Privacy Policy has been published to provide a clear and concise outline of how and when personal information is collected, stored, and distributed by the Newcastle Knights. The Newcastle Knights is bound by the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) and the Australian Privacy Principles. For more information visit www.oaic.gov.au
You may contact us with any queries you may have in respect of this Privacy Policy or your personal information by contacting the Newcastle Knights' privacy officer via email: privacyofficer@newcastleknights.com.au or telephone: 1300 465 644.
COLLECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
This Privacy Policy explains our policy for dealing with personal information that we collect through the following channels(the "Collection Channels"):
when you complete a membership, volunteer form or contract;
our online properties (each a "Website"), including www.newcastleknights.com.au, www.knightshub.com.au, and www.shop.newcastleknights.com.au, and any related website social media page, internal website, intranet and mobile or tablet application operated by the Newcastle Knights;
the Rugby League Exchange;
other means through which you provide personal information to us, including either physically or electronically;
any other means through which we lawfully collect personal information about you, including from our group companies, particularly Western Suburbs (Ncle) Leagues Club Limited ("Wests").
GENERAL
We are committed to safeguarding personal privacy. We recognise that you have a right to control how your personal information is collected and used. Providing personal information is an act of trust and it is taken seriously. Unless given consent to do otherwise, we will only collect and use personal information as set out below.
Throughout this Privacy Policy, we refer to your 'personal information', which means information or an opinion about an identified individual, or an individual who is reasonably identifiable whether the information or opinion is true or not and whether the information or opinion is recorded in a material form or not. Your full name, gender, date of birth, home address, home telephone number, mobile telephone number, email address and workplace contact details are examples of information which may constitute personal information. Personal information may also include information we may collect about your individual preferences.
The Newcastle Knights has developed and implemented its Privacy Policy with respect to personal information to reflect world best practice on privacy policies. These principles meet and exceed the requirements of the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (as amended) and the 13 Australian Privacy Principles.
In order to keep up with changing legislation and best practice, we may revise this Privacy Policy at any time without notice.
We will post any changes to this Privacy Policy on our Websites, and we encourage you to check this Privacy Policy from time to time.
In addition to the provisions of this Privacy Policy, there may also be specific and additional privacy and consent provisions that apply to certain Collection Channels. Because those specific and additional provisions also relate to your privacy protection, we recommend that you review them wherever they appear. In the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of this Privacy Policy and those other specific and additional provisions, the specific and additional provisions will prevail.
HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION AS PART OF THE RUGBY LEAGUE EXCHANGE
An important part of the way in which we deal with your personal information is through the "Rugby League Exchange", which is an established data storage architecture for processing personal information, and an initiative of the Newcastle Knights in conjunction with the National Rugby League, other clubs, Queensland Rugby League, New South Wales Rugby League, Country League of NSW and selected third parties. In this Privacy Policy, we use the following terms as defined:
"NRL" means the Australian Rugby League Commission Limited, National Rugby League Limited and each of their associates, related entities and subsidiaries
"Competition" means any competition, tournament or league registered or carried out by the NRL or States including the pre-season, season proper, finals series and any post season tournament or knockout cup competition and any other football competition or tournament.
"Competition Administrator" means the entity responsible for the conduct and staging of a Competition and includes (without limitation) the NRL and States (including the divisions and associations that make up the States).
"Clubs" means any club registered with the NRL or States from time to time.
"States" means any of Queensland Rugby League, New South Wales Rugby League, Country Rugby League of New South Wales, NRL Victoria, NRL South Australia, NRL Northern Territory, NRL Western Australia and NRL Tasmania.
"NRL Rules" means NRL's constitution, rules, regulations, policies and procedures and any other ancillary document that governs the NRL in administering the game of Rugby League, as promulgated and amended from time to time
"Rugby League Partners" means any entity that has a commercial agreement or arrangement with the NRL, States, Competition Administrator or Club (as the case may be), including Ticketek and Ticketmaster, and which you may also have a direct relationship with (including by participation in a Competition).
Generally speaking, where you provide information to the Newcastle Knights in relation to your engagement with the Newcastle Knights, including, for example, where you buy a ticket or membership to a club match, buy merchandise or by entering a club promotion, then your information may be shared as part of the Rugby League Exchange.
The NRL is responsible for the maintenance and administration of the Rugby League Exchange. Newcastle Knights will share your Personal Information with the NRL as part of the Rugby League Exchange in order to facilitate analysis of fan behaviour and preferences to improve fan support, fan offerings, provide more targeted content and products and any other purposes described in this Privacy Policy or the NRL's Privacy Policy. We encourage you to read the NRL's Privacy Policy to understand how your Personal Information will be handled in relation to the Rugby League Exchange. The NRL's Privacy Policy is located at https://www.nrl.com/privacy-policy.
ANONYMITY AND PSUEDONYMITY
Where practicable, we will allow you to deal with us on an anonymous or pseudonymous basis. If this is practicable, our Collection Channels will only seek information in this way. However, where it is not practicable for the purposes for which information is collected, we will seek the information identified below. It will not be practicable to deal with you on an anonymous or pseudonymous basis when we wish to send you direct marketing materials or need to provide you with goods or services requested by you.
KINDS OF PERSONAL INFORMATION THAT WE COLLECT AND HOLD
Personal information that may be requested includes, but is not limited to:
your name, gender, date of birth, occupation, residential address and postcode, email address, telephone number and other contact details
More detailed contact preferences;
Location information;
information about your engagement with the Newcastle Knights, including but not limited to attendance rates and purchases;
information about your relationship or dealings with the NRL, Clubs or States;
information about your dealings with selected ticketing companies such as memberships, subscriptions and attendance history at matches relating to the NRL (whether you have used your membership to purchase tickets or as a casual ticket purchaser);
Payment details including your credit card or bank account details;• If required, credit information from you, credit reports and credit information from credit reporting bodies;
If required, health information and information about your fitness levels and history;
Information about your preferences, interests, and experiences with our products or services. This information is collected in order to tailor our communications to you and continuously improve our products and services;
Information about your experience with our services or third party products or services, including services listed on a Website;
The contact details of third parties. If you are asked to provide details about other people, please ensure that these individuals are happy for their details to be given to us and used for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy (which may include using their details for marketing purposes);
Any other personal information which you provide directly to us. Where you provide us with unsolicited personal information, we will retain this information where it falls within our primary purposes for collection of personal information (as stated in this Privacy Policy);
Any other personal information requested or required by a Collection Channel.
When you use a Website, we may also collect personal information about you in the following general categories:
Usage and preference information: we collect information about how you interact with a Website, including the pages you visit, your preferences and settings that you choose. We may do this through the use of cookies and other similar technologies that uniquely identify you;
Device information: we may collect information about your mobile device such as the hardware model, operating system, preferred language, unique device identifier and mobile network; and
Other information: we may also collect and log information such as your IP address, access dates and times, browser type and pages visited when you interact with a Website.
SENSITIVE INFORMATION
We will only collect sensitive information with your consent. Where you provide us with any sensitive information (including, but not limited to, credit information, credit reports, credit information from credit reporting bodies, health information, medical history, weight and body measurements and current medications), we will only use this information for the purposes stated at the time of collection and will only share this information with our trusted third parties in the manner stated on the Website or in this Privacy Policy.
HOW THE NEWCASTLE KNIGHTS COLLECTS AND HOLDS PERSONAL INFORMATION
We will only collect or monitor any personal information about you with your consent including as provided in this Privacy Policy or if it is otherwise lawful to do so. The only personal information collected by us is what has been provided to or collected by us in accordance with this Privacy Policy or has been provided to us lawfully by third parties.
ACTIVE INFORMATION COLLECTION
Personal information may be collected (and combined) via our Collection Channels if you:
Join as a Newcastle Knights member
Join as a Wests Club member;
Purchase a match ticket for the Newcastle Knights
Purchase merchandise or event packages from the Newcastle Knights club shop, Knights website or any other Website.
Sign up and/or register to become a member of any Collection Channel;
Use our services;
Participate in surveys and other types of research (including 'Customer Comment Cards');
Participate in any offers or marketing activities;
Enter a promotion, sweepstake, or contest hosted by the Newcastle Knights and other partners;
Provide a service;
Contact us for further information;
Submit a credit account application form;
Attend an event where we are an exhibitor or sponsor;
Register your details on a Website;
Subscribe to any newsletters, updates, alerts or news and media releases, or request information or express interest about our products or services;
Contact us directly in person or via any medium including mail, telephone, social media and commercial electronic messages (SMS (Short Message Service), MMS (Multimedia Message Service), IM (Instant Messaging) and email) including via the contact details listed on a Website;
Have previously provided us with personal information prior to this Privacy Policy coming into effect, either directly from you personally or via a third party;
Complete and submit any forms to us;
Submit a job application or resumé;
Become an employee of the Newcastle Knights;
Report an incident or occurrence;
Interact with a Website for a specific purpose;
Interact with or browse a Website generally; or
Do any of the above in relation to our group companies, including Wests.
Personal information is requested in order to join The Newcastle Knights and/or facilitate or provide you with certain services (including events), products and content, and information about such services (including events), products and content (including the uploading, access to, and receipt of content on a Website, marketing materials (including direct marketing materials), newsletters, electronic newsletters (e-newsletters), news and media releases / launch information, and also to advise you of other products, services, offers, competitions or promotions which may be of interest. No one is obligated to provide personal information. However, failure to do so may result in The Newcastle Knights being unable to facilitate or provide you with certain content, products or services, products or services information, upcoming opportunities and promotion, competition, offer or event information or accept competition entries or other content from you (where applicable).
We may also obtain your personal information from legitimate third party sources and platforms including the NRL and the Rugby League Exchange, as well as social media channels, commercial data providers, referral agents, marketing companies, targeting companies, list brokers, credit reporting bodies and other data providers or organisations that share data in circumstances where it is lawful and/or you have given permission for them to do so, including our service providers and retail partners.
CHILDREN
Personal information will not be collected by any person who is known by The Newcastle Knights to be under the age of fifteen (15) without the consent of a parent or legal guardian. Persons under age fifteen (15) may only use our Websites with the involvement and consent of a parent or legal guardian.
PASSIVE INFORMATION COLLECTION
As with many commercial websites, we may also collect information which tells us about visitors to our Websites. For example, we may collect information about the date, time and duration of visits and which pages of a Website are most commonly accessed. This information is generally not linked to the identity of visitors, except where a Website is accessed via links in an email we have sent or where we are able to uniquely identify the device or user accessing a Website. By accessing a Website via links in an email we have sent and/or by accessing a Website generally, you consent to the collection of such information where it is personal information. When you receive newsletters or promotional e-mails from The Newcastle Knights, we may use web beacons (described below), customised links or similar technologies to determine whether the e-mail has been opened and which links you click in order to provide you with more focused e-mail communications or other information.
As you navigate through our Websites, certain information can be passively collected (that is, gathered without you actively providing the information) using various technologies, such as Unique Device Identifiers ("UDI"), cookies, Internet tags or web beacons, and navigational data collection (log files, server logs, clickstream). In certain circumstances, this information may be considered anonymous information or personal information under the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth). This is dependent on the device used and the method by which an individual connects to the Internet. Your Internet browser automatically transmits to the Website you are browsing some of this anonymous information or personal information, such as the URL of the website you just came from, the Internet Protocol ("IP") address, the UDI (if applicable) and the browser version your device is currently using. Our Websites may also collect anonymous information or personal information from your device through cookies and Internet tags or web beacons. You may set your browser to notify you when a cookie is sent or to refuse cookies altogether, but certain features of a Website might not work without cookies and this may limit the services provided by a Website. Cookies and other technical methods may involve the transmission of information either directly to us or to another party authorised by us to collect information on our behalf.Our Websites may use and combine such passively collected anonymous information or personal information and/or information from various third party sources, including as described above, and may combine this anonymous information or personal information with other personal information collected from you to provide better service to Website visitors and users, customise a Website based on your preferences, compile and analyse statistics and trends, provide you with relevant advertising when you visit a Website or a third party website, and otherwise administer and improve a Website for your use. We may combine your visitor session information or other information collected through tracking technologies with personally identifiable information from time to time in order to understand and measure your online experiences and to determine what products, promotions and services are likely to be of interest to you. By accessing a Website, you consent to information about you being collected, compiled and used in this way.
For more information about cookies and how you can opt out, you can visit www.youronlinechoices.com.au
PURPOSES FOR WHICH WE COLLECT, HOLD, USE AND DISCLOSE PERSONAL INFORMATION
Personal information collected will be used for the following primary purposes:
For the purposes stated in a privacy collection statement on a particular Collection Channel;
To allow you to join as a member of The Newcastle Knights and to use our facilities safely;
To process match tickets
To purchase merchandise
for the organisation, conduct and promotion of competitions and matches (including for the purpose of providing information and making ticket offers to you);
to assist the Newcastle Knights and the NRL comply with the NRL Rules, including the administration and development of Rugby League (if you are a participant in the game of Rugby League including as players and officials);
to comply with the NRL Rules, including the administration and development of Rugby League;
To maintain the functionality of a Website, including the provision of information to you relating to the content available on the Website;
To complete a transaction;
To consider whether to, and, extend credit to you;
In order to facilitate or provide you with certain products or services, and information about such products or services;
To provide you with newsletters; electronic newsletters (e-newsletters) and news and media releases;
To assist with your queries or customer service issues promptly. We may also keep information on your communications with our customer service representatives;
To keep you up-to-date with products, services, events or promotions we think would be of particular interest through a variety of channels, including through third parties. You are able to "opt-out" from this activity at any time;
For planning, product development or research purposes;
To contact you in relation to employment opportunities;
To maintain our relationship with you;
To enter you into and administer competitions and promotions;
To send you any technical, administrative or legal notices important to our Websites;
To provide you with information about your transactions (including uploading, access to, and receipt of content on a Website), content, services and products;
To provide direct marketing materials, events, special offers, competitions and promotions in person and via any medium including mail, telephone and commercial electronic messages (SMS (Short Message Service), MMS (Multimedia
Messaging Service), IM (Instant Messaging), email) or any other form of electronic, emerging, digital or conventional communications channel, including through our trusted partners;
To provide you with relevant advertising when you use our Websites or those of a third party;
To render services related to our company (such as after sales services and enquiries) or our trusted partners;
To respond to enquiries;
To improve Website and system administration;
To obtain opinions or comments about products and/or services and to conduct other research and development;
To record statistical data for analysis, including marketing analysis, and to conduct market research;
To share personal information with our group companies, our promotional partners and other trusted third parties in the manner described below; and/or
To fulfil our obligations under either our Constitution or the Registered Clubs Act 1976 (as amended).
For the purposes described above, personal information may be shared with our group companies (including Wests), our promotional partners and other trusted third parties (and their directors, servants and agents) in Australia and overseas, including the NRL, Clubs, States, Rugby League Partners and selected other partners, unless you have indicated that you do not want to receive any communication from Rugby League Partners. The NRL, Clubs, States, Rugby League Partners and selected other partners may send you information about products and services that they believe will be of interest to you. If you do not wish to receive information from these entities, please opt out from such promotional and marketing information as part of the relevant organisation's preference centre or contact the NRL's Privacy Officer in accordance with the NRL Privacy Policy located at https://www.nrl.com/privacy-policy.
We may disclose your information to overseas recipients, those residing outside of Australia.. Failure to provide personal information may result in us being unable to provide you with certain content, products, services, upcoming opportunity, promotion, offer or event (where applicable).
In order to operate a Website or deliver a service, or for the purposes described above, personal information may also be shared with our group companies, selected service providers and/or other trusted third parties in Australia. Our group companies, selected service providers and/or other trusted third parties may be engaged to perform a variety of functions, such as legal and accounting services, data storage, fulfilling orders, conducting market research, processing credit card payments, assisting with promotions and providing technical services for our Websites. These companies may have access to personal information if needed to perform such functions.
We recognise the trust with which you provide personal information, and except as stated in this Privacy Policy or as is otherwise lawful, such information will not be used or disclosed for any other purposes without consent. However, we reserve the right to use or disclose any information, including personal information, as needed to satisfy any law, regulation or legal request, to protect our rights or property or any member of The Newcastle Knights, or any member of the public, to protect the integrity of a Website, to fulfil your requests, or to cooperate in any law enforcement investigation or an investigation on a matter of public safety.
CONTACTING YOU
The Newcastle Knights Group companies, (and their directors, servants and agents), our promotional partners or trusted third parties (and other selected service providers and other non-The Newcastle Knights companies or professionals) either in Australia or overseas, may contact you via telephone, SMS (Short Message Service), MMS (Multimedia Messaging Service), IM (Instant Messaging), email, post or any other form of electronic, emerging, digital or conventional communications channel using the information provided in order to contact you in respect of the primary purposes for collection of personal information as stated above.
We do not send advertising or marketing information without obtaining prior consent, for example the consent contained within this Privacy Policy, or if it is otherwise lawful to do so. If, for any reason, you would like to be removed from our mailing lists, please complete one of the following:
Submit an "Opt-Out" card, which is available from the Knights Club Reception;
Select 'Unsubscribe' on electronic communications; or
Email: privacyofficer@newcastleknights.com.au
Please allow 30 days for this request to be processed.
Despite removing your name from the database from receiving future advertising and marketing information, we may send you non-commercial "Administrative Emails". Administrative Emails relate to a user account and may include administrative and transaction confirmations, requests and inquiries or information about a particular user account. If you do not wish to receive such communications, you may remove your name from the database by utilising the functional unsubscribe facility.
ABILITY OF OTHERS TO VIEW INFORMATION
We may provide areas on a Website where you can upload user-generated content, post or provide information about yourself, communicate with other users, provide reviews for content, products and/or services or interact with or vote on particular content. This information may be shared with others and may be publicly posted on our Websites, including without limitation, other social media platforms and other public forums in which you choose to participate. This information may become publicly available and may be read, collected and used by others outside of our Websites. We are not responsible for the conduct of others who may read, collect and use this information.
YOUR RIGHT OF ACCESS
You have the right to access and review your personal information that may be recorded on our database. Information may be reviewed by contacting our Privacy Officer at the contact details contained in this Privacy Policy. Please allow 30 days for this request to be processed.
CHANGING AND DELETING THE INFORMATION WE HAVE ABOUT YOU
The Newcastle Knights' goal is to ensure that your personal information is accurate, complete and up-to-date. To assist us with this, please contact Club Reception, Human Resources or our Privacy Officer if any of the details you have provided change. Further, if you believe that the information we have about you is not accurate, contact us and we will use all reasonable efforts to correct the information. No fee applies to correction of personal information. Please allow 30 days for this request to be processed.
In the same way, a request may be made to delete personal information, and all reasonable steps to delete the information will be made, except where it is required for legal reasons. Deletion of information may result in us being unable to facilitate or provide you with information about certain transactions (including the uploading, access to, and receipt of content on a Website, and purchase transactions undertaken on a Website), other content, services or product information, upcoming promotion, competition or event information, and/or provide certain content, goods or services.
We are not responsible for removing your personal information from the lists of any third party who has previously been provided your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
STORAGE AND SECURITY OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
The Newcastle Knights is committed to ensuring the security of your personal information and we will take all reasonable precautions to protect this information from loss, misuse or alteration. We will endeavour to take all reasonable steps to keep secure any personal information recorded and to keep this information accurate, up to date, complete and relevant. We ensure only those necessary have access to your personal information. We may hold personal information electronically and in hard copy at our premises. We do not store any payment information. The information is also stored on secure servers that are protected in controlled facilities. This service may be performed on our behalf and data may be hosted by our selected data storage providers.
Notifiable Data Breaches Scheme
In the event of any loss, or unauthorised access or disclosure of your personal information that is likely to result in serious harm to you, the Newcastle Knights, with the assistance of the NRL, will investigate and notify you and where applicable the relevant supervisory authority (e.g. the Australian Information Commissioner) within 72 hours of becoming aware of the loss, or unauthorised access or disclosure, in accordance with applicable privacy laws (including the Privacy Act and Australian Privacy Principles).
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
Our Websites may, from time to time, contain links to the websites of other organisations which may be of interest to you. Inclusion of such links cannot be taken to imply any endorsement or validation by us of the content of the third party website. Linked websites are responsible for their own privacy practices and you should check those websites for their respective privacy statements. We are not responsible, nor do we accept any liability, for the conduct of companies linked to our Websites.
We may use third party advertisements on our Websites. All third party advertisements are not recommendations or endorsements by us or any of our affiliates We are not responsible for the content (including representations) of any third party advertisement on a Website. Cookies may be associated with these advertisements to enable the advertiser to track the number of anonymous users responding to the campaign. We do not have access to or control of cookies placed by third parties.
RELATED WEBSITES
All Websites operated by us will adhere to this Privacy Policy. The policies on the Websites of some members of The Newcastle Knights may vary, however, because of local customs, practices or laws.
SALE OF THE COMPANY
If our company merges with, or is acquired by, another company, or sells all or a portion of its assets, your personal information may be disclosed to our advisers and any prospective purchaser's adviser, and may be among the assets transferred. However, personal information will always remain subject to this Privacy Policy.
PROBLEMS OR QUERIES
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, or any problems or complaints regarding a possible breach of the APPs or how we have collected, used, stored, handled and/or disclosed your personal information, please contact our Privacy Officer via one of the following channels:
Address: The Privacy OfficerKnights Rugby League Pty Ltd 32 Industrial Drive, Mayfield, NSW 2304Telephone: 02 4935 1420Email: privacyofficer@newcastleknights.com.au
Please allow 30 days for this request to be processed. On receipt of your complaint a review will be conducted and findings will be communicated to you were required. If you do not receive a satisfactory response to your query, problem or complaint within 30 days, you may refer your query, problem or complaint to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner via the contact details listed at www.oaic.gov.au/about-us/contact-us-page
Principal Sponsor
Major Partners
VIEW ALL PARTNERS