http://www.bicycledoctor.co.uk/pages/privacypolicy/
Bikes
Bicycles
Road
Mountain
Hybrid
Cargo
Classic
Step-through
Touring
Dirt Touring & Bikepacking
Electric
Gravel & All-Road
Track & Single Speed
Folding
Fat Bikes
Frames
Mountain
Road
Touring
Track & Single Speed
Cargo
Dirt Touring & Bikepacking
Fat Bike Frames
Gravel & All-Road
Kids Bikes
Urban
Mountain
Brands
Bikes
Brompton
Surly
The Light Blue
Kona
Ridgeback
6KU
Genesis
Pashley
Aventon
BLB
Parts, Accessories & Components
Brooks
Halo
Ortlieb
Whisky Parts Co.
Paul Components
Surly Parts & Accessories
Brompton Accessories
Brompton Components
HT Components
Wald Baskets
Thomson
Miss Grape
Schwalbe
Genetic
Hamax
Shimano
SKS
TSG
Tubus
Redshift Sports
Clothing
Clothing
Socks
Gloves
T-Shirts
Helmets
Helmets
Adults
Kids
Parts, Tools & Accessories
Accessories
Surly Swag
Bags & Luggage
Bikepacking Bags
Pannier Racks
Child Seats
Bike Storage & Transport
Bottles & Cages
Electronics
Kickstands
Lights
Locks
Pumps
Mudguards
Bells
Parts
Brakes
Finishing Kit
Forks
Pedals & Cleats
Saddles & Seatposts
Tyres
Wheels
Brompton Parts
Chains, Chainrings & Sprockets
Complete Dynamo Wheels
Dynamo Hubs
Dynamo Lights
Hubs & Rims
Rohloff
Skewers & Thru-Axles
Tools & Maintenance
Tools
Sale
Sale
Accessories Sale
Bike Sale
Frameset Sale
Parts Sale
0
Your Profile
Your Basket 0
Your Offers 0
Continue Shopping
Checkout
Free UK Delivery over £50
Custom Builds
Workshop
Click & Collect is free
Free UK Delivery over £50
About Us
Cyclescheme
Wheel Builds
Free UK Delivery over £50
To improve your shopping experience today and in the future, this site uses cookies.
Read our full Privacy Policy & Cookie information here
I Accept Cookies
Home
Bicycle Doctor Privacy Policy & Cookies
Bicycle Doctor Privacy Policy & Cookies
Please enter copy
Our Website Cookies Policy
A cookie is a small file of text which we transfer to your hard drive through your web browser, as with most websites, when you visit our website and use certain pages or features on the site, especially when placing an order. It enables our own system to recognise you when you visit our website again and improve our service to you. This information can be used to enhance the content of our website and make your use of it easier. For more information about cookies please visit www.allaboutcookies.org
Cookies
When we provide services, we want to make them easy, useful and reliable. Where services are delivered on the internet, this sometimes involves placing small amounts of information on your device, for example, computer or mobile phone. These include small files known as cookies. They cannot be used to identify you personally.
These pieces of information are used to improve services for you through, for example:
- enabling a service to recognise your device so you don't have to give the same information several times during one task
- recognising that you may already have given a username and password so you don't need to do it for every web page requested
- measuring how many people are using services, so they can be made easier to use and there's enough capacity to ensure they are fast
You can manage these small files yourself and learn more about them through Internet browser cookies - what they are and how to manage them.
Our use of cookies
When we provide services, we want to make them easy, useful and reliable. Where services are delivered on the internet, this sometimes involves placing small amounts of information on your device, for example, your computer or mobile phone. These include small files known as cookies. They cannot be used to identify you personally.
These pieces of information are used to improve services for you through, for example:
- recognising that you may already have given a username and password so you don't need to do it for every web page requested
- measuring how many people are using services, so they can be made easier to use and there's enough capacity to ensure they are fast
- analysing anonymised data to help us understand how people interact with govt services so we can make them better
You can manage these small files and learn more about them from the article, Internet Browser cookies- what they are and how to manage them.
Learn how to remove cookies set on your device.
There are two types of cookie you may encounter when using Bicycle Doctor :
First party cookies: these are our own cookies, controlled by us and used to provide information about usage of our site.
Third party cookies: these are cookies found in other companies' internet tools which we are using to enhance our site, for example Facebook or Twitter have their own cookies, which are controlled by them.
First party cookies
*Bicycle Doctor uses cookies in several places - we've listed each of them below with more details about why we use them and how long they will last.
We will endeavour to let you know before we store a cookie on your computer.
Our Own PERSISTANT cookies
Name
Purpose
Typical content
_Session
This cookie speeds up your experience on our website if you visit us more than once by remembering key information if you have set your browser to allow it. For example your username when logging in, or your preferences when browsing our website.
It is an anonymous customer ID cookie, so we do not save any specific data about you at all, just a unique _Session reference number
Cookies set by Bicycle Doctor website
Name
Purpose
Expires
ASP.NET_SessionId
HttpReferer
Referer
dd_object
These only last for the session (visit) to our website, and help with your movement through the website, and also let us know if you have visited from a 'Referer' i.e. another website where we may have a link, or an article about us.
Expires on exit
Third party cookies
We use a number of suppliers who may also set cookies on their websites' on its behalf. Bicycle Doctor do not control the dissemination of these cookies. You should check the third party websites for more information about these.
Provider
Name
Purpose
More Info
Google Analytics
_utma
_utmb
_utmc
_utmz
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited. They do not contain any personally identifiable information.
Google Privacy policy
Add This
_atuvc
The _atuvc cookie is created and read by our JavaScript on the client side in order to make sure the user sees the updated count if they share a page and return to it before our share count cache is updated. No data from that cookie is sent back to AddThis.
Add This privacy
Changes to this privacy policy
If this privacy policy changes in any way, we will place an updated version on this page. Regularly reviewing this page ensures that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances, if any, we will share it with other parties.
You can use the settings of your browser to block, or delete cookies as you wish. Do please note that blocking cookies may slow down your experience on our website, or cause issues with placing an order, as cookies are often required to help with a smooth checkout process!
If you have any questions about our cookies policy or feedback please contact us on 0161 224 1303
or via our contact us page link at the top of the page.
Our Promise
About Us
Workshop
Cyclescheme
Custom Builds
Wheel Builds
Hassle free returns
Click & Collect is FREE
Free UK Delivery over £50
Interest Free Finance
Services
Delivery
Click & Collect
Online Finance
Returns
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy & Cookies Usage
My Account
Customer Support
0161 224 1303
sales@bicycledoctor.co.uk
Bicycle Doctor ©
Signup
Integrated Ecommerce © Citrus-Lime Limited
Click me trigger
Info Main Title My message Close
Notice Main Title My message Close
Success Main Title My message Close
Error Main Title My message Close