https://www.salesharks.com/legal-notice-and-privacy-policy/
Jump to main content
×
MenuHomeFixtures & Results News Tickets & Hospitality Teams Club Community Bollington Insurance – 100 Club Fixtures & ResultsFixturesTablesTravel PlanNewsNewsMatch Previews and ReportsSale Sharks TVNewsletterNews ArchiveTickets & HospitalitySharks Memberships 2020-21Home Match TicketsGroup TicketsHospitalityGetting HereC&C Insurance Platinum TicketsAway Match TicketsDisabled AccessTeamsFirst TeamFirst Team ManagementJetsStatisticsSale Sharks WomenAcademy ClubContact UsGetting HereAbout & HistorySponsorshipClub SponsorsJobsClub StaffCharity PolicyDisabled AccessCommunityAbout & ContactRugby CampsRugby DevelopmentMatch Day ExperiencesSchools & Employability Programmes Community Engagement ProgrammesBollington Insurance – 100 ClubAboutKey ContactsMembersBollington InsuranceAcademyFixtures & ResultsAcademy GuideU18 SquadU16 SquadAcademy Graduates and PathwaySharks Player Development GroupDPP Academy StaffAcademy PartnersSchools & Employability ProgrammesDisability & InclusionPrimary School ProgrammesSecondary School ProgrammesPOST 16Poppy's First DayDPPU16U15U14U13DPP Coaches
Home
Legal Notice & Privacy Policy
Legal Notice & Privacy Policy
1. About this Privacy Policy
Please take a moment to read the website’s privacy policy set out below. References to “we”, “us” and “our” in this policy are references to Manchester Sale Rugby Club Limited. We may however appoint third parties to store and process your information on our behalf.
Protecting your privacy is very important to us. This Privacy Policy explains our data processing practices and your options regarding the ways in which your personal data is used. If you have any requests concerning your personal information or any queries regarding how we process your information, please contact us using the details below.
We reserve the right to change the terms of this policy from time to time and your continued use of the Website will be deemed to be acceptance of any amendments we make. This Privacy Policy was last updated on 02/07/2019.
For a list of our commercial partners click here
2. How to contact us about your personal data?
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or about your personal data, please email dataprotection@salesharks.com or write to us at the following address:
Data Protection Officer
Manchester Sale Rugby Club Limited
Sale Sharks High Performance Centre
Carrington Lane,
Carrington
Manchester
M31 4AE
3. What information do we collect about you?
At various times during a website visit you may be asked to provide us with personal details. For example, we may ask for your name, contact details or preferences such as your favourite player or preferred match day. This may be in connection with activities such as purchasing goods, subscribing to a mailing list, entering a competition, participating in surveys or submitting details to a club partner. In each instance there will be a very clear statement detailing exactly what your data will be used for and who will have access to it.
When we provide you with products or services we may collect and store any personal information that you provide to us. A record or your name, date of birth, address, delivery address, email address, telephone number and payment details may be stored. We may also record the details of any health or dietary requirements at the time of booking to ensure your comfort and safety.
When you visit or interact with our digital platforms we will automatically collect information about you by using cookies or extensions which track website behaviour. This information is collated to enhance the user experience and improve our services.
In addition you agree that Sale Sharks will share your aggregated and anonymised website analytics data with Premiership Rugby for the purpose of delivering league wide benchmarks and audience insights.
Below is a list of information we may collect about you:
Information on pages, such as: which pages you clicked on, how you entered the page, time spent on the page, which links you selected, what you searched for on the website. All website analytics are recorded through Google Analytics.
The internet protocol (IP) address you have used.
Your browser type and operating system.
What content you are interested in (videos, competitions, articles, features, pop up messages, ticketing or which adverts you responded to).
Information you voluntarily submit through competitions or forms.
Transaction information.
A cookie is a small packet of data sent from the server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. You can disable cookies within your web browser but please note only certain features are activated by the presence of a cookie and if you choose to refuse cookies these features may not be available to you. For further information about cookies please visit: http://www.allaboutcookies.org/
4. How we use your personal information?
When you submit personal information to us via competitions, surveys or register to receive marketing communications from us and our sponsors or partners, we we may collect and store your personal information to personalise and improve your experience on our digital platforms, provide products and services that you request from us and carry out profiling, analysis and market research.
If you have subscribed to receive Sale Sharks marketing communications, then you will receive updates and offers from the club and selected partners. We may use your information to send personalised offers based on your age, gender, preferences or purchasing habits. Your information will not be passed on to ANY third parties unless (a) the club is legally obliged to do so or (b) you have given informed consent via an explicit opt-in. You will not be auto-enrolled into any data lists.
Below is an overview of how we may use your information:
To provide products or administer services you have purchased or expressed an interest in.
To administer forms, competitions or surveys that you enter.
To communicate with you regarding your purchases or events you are attending. This may be itineraries, fixture changes, safety updates or anything which could have an impact on the product or service you purchased.
To verify your identity in relation to an age specific purchases such as student or concession tickets.
For market research and profiling purposes.
To track your activity on our digital platforms.
To ensure we adhere to your selected preferences.
To tailor any marketing communications so that you only receive relevant information.
5. Protecting your information
We are firmly committed to data security. The personal information you provide to us in encrypted before it is sent to us. Once we receive the information it is stored on our secure database. Any exported data is stored on encrypted servers and individual data lists are all password protected. Access to your information is restricted to authorised employees only. Exporting personal information must be authorised by the data controller under strict guidelines. Data stored on physical copies is secured in locked filing cabinets and is disposed off when there is no longer a legitimate reason to store the information.
6. When does this Privacy Policy not apply?
This Privacy Policy only applies to the collection of personal information by us and those whom we authorise. It does not cover third party sites to which we provide links, nor does it cover advertisers and content partners within our service who may also collect your personal information. If you link to third party websites from this Website, you should read their privacy policies and terms of use carefully.
If you place personal details on any publicly accessible page (for example on a message board) then this data will not be covered by our Privacy Policy.
7. Marketing Communications from our sponsors and partners
Sale Sharks may send communications from selected partners and sponsors based on your preferences. By choosing to unsubscribe you will miss out on offers, ticket discounts, giveaways and other valuable information related to the club. A list of our club partners is below. You may also receive central marketing communication from Premiership Rugby and its partners. Central marketing communication will always be relevant to rugby fans. Partners may share information with us if you enter a competition or purchase a product from them.
AJ Bell
Financial Services
Alusafe
Construction
Amos
Construction
Angel Springs
Water Suppliers
Bentley
Car Manufacturer
Beond Energy
Energy Service
Bespoke moving solutions
Transport & logistics
Bluebell
Furniture
Bluemantle
Properties
BMI
Healthcare
Bollington
Insurance Brokers
Brookhouse
Properties
C&C
Insurance Brokers
Cheshire Insurance Brokers
Insurance Brokers
Connectus Group
Broadband
CVSL
Car Rentals
David Lloyd
Health and Leisure
E.P Muldoon
Construction
Gilpin
Energy Service
Gateley PLC
Legal
Greystones
Financial Services
Grosvenor Place
Wealth Management
Homes4u
Properties
IPRO
Sports Drinks
Lanx
Footwear
Levitex
Mattress Manufacturer
Morson
Recruitment
MyProtein
Sports Supplements
Opro
Sports Equipment
Printerland
Printers
Redmoor Health
Healthcare
Redrow
Property Development
Ridleythaw
Real Estate
Salford University
Education
Samurai
Sportswear
SHB
Vehicle Hire
Stantons of Stoke
Coach Hire
T.M Lewin
Retailer
The Mere
Hotel and Spa resort
Together Money
Finance
UKFast
Cloud Platform
Zen Office
Office Supplies
8. Disclosure of Information
To carry out our duties related to the products we sell or fulfil contractual arrangements that we may have with you, we may need to appoint other organisations to carry out data processing on our behalf. An example of this would be the mailing company for season ticket letters or delivery organisations for posting tickets.
We may share your data with advertising platforms, social media companies and search engines to personalise the adverts that you see.
We will only share data with our selected sponsors and partners if you have provided clear consent to do so.
9. Your Choices
You have the right to stop us contacting you for marketing purposes or change your preferences so you no longer receive third party messages. If you no longer wish to receive marketing communications from Sale Sharks, then select unsubscribe at the footer of any emails you receive. Alternatively, you can email info@salesharks.com or use the details above and ask to be removed from any communication lists.
You are also entitled to request a copy of the information that we hold about you and you will not have to pay for this service. We will comply with any request within 30 days of the request being submitted.
Using the details here you can request that Sale Sharks removes all your identifiable information from its databases. In certain circumstances the club retains the right to deny the request. If you request deletion but there is an outstanding balance on your account, then Sale Sharks retains the right to keep the information until any debt is settled.
10. Cookies
10.1 EU Cookie directive
From 26 May 2011 a new European Union directive requires us to gain the consent of our users to download cookies on to their machines. There are various methods we could use to gain users consent. For example, we could use pop-ups; prompting users to tick a box to confirm they give permission for us to download cookies on their machine.
Alternatively, we could use an online form that all users must complete before using the website.
We consider both solutions as obtrusive. We want our users find information and services quickly.
Therefore, we have taken the decision to promote how we use cookies on our website instead. This will enable users to make an informed decision whether they want to disable this feature.
There are links on our terms and conditions and disclaimer pages which are in the footer of every web page pointing to this information.
10.2 What is a Cookie
Information may be sent to your computer in the form of an Internet “cookie” to allow our servers to monitor your requirements. The cookie is stored on your computer. Our server may request that your computer return a cookie to it.
These return cookies do not contain any information supplied by you or any personally identifiable information about you. However, we use cookies to keep track of your shopping cart when you are using the Sale Sharks Store Online.
Such measures are necessary to allow Sale Sharks to measure the usability of the systems, which will help to continually improve user experience of our websites. Your browser software should however enable you to block cookies if you wish to. For more information about cookies, please visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
10.3 Strictly Necessary Cookies
These cookies are essential to enable you to move around the website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the website. Without these cookies services you have asked for, like shopping baskets or e-billing, cannot be provided.These cookies are essential to enable you to move around the website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the website. Without these cookies services you have asked for, like shopping baskets or e-billing, cannot be provided.
10.4 Performance Cookies
These cookies collect information about how visitors use a website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies don’t collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. It is only used to improve how a website works.
10.5 Functionality Cookies
These cookies allow the website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. For instance, a website may be able to provide you with local weather reports or traffic news by storing in a cookie the region in which you are currently located.
These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages that you can customise. They may also be used to provide services you have asked for such as watching a video or commenting on a blog. The information these cookies collect may be anonymised and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.
10.6 Targeting or Advertising Cookies
These cookies are used to deliver adverts more relevant to you and your interests They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign. They are usually placed by advertising networks with the website operator’s permission. They remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with other organisations such as advertisers. Quite often targeting or advertising cookies will be linked to site functionality provided by the other organisation.
10.7 Google Analytics
Sale Sharks uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google. Google Analytics collects first party cookies, which are text files placed on your computer to collect standard internet log information and visitor behaviour. This information is sent to Google and is used to evaluate how our website is being used. This enables Sale Sharks to compile statistical reports. A full list of cookies used by Google Analytics and explanations on how these work are available on the Google code website.
Sale Sharks does not collect (nor allow any third party to collect) personally identifiable information of visitors to our site. We will not associate any data gathered with any personally identifying information. We will not link or seek to link an IP address with the identity of a computer user. In short, Google Analytics doesn’t identify who you are, but it does track your movements on our websites.
10.8 How to disable cookies
You can stop cookies being downloaded on to your computer by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. However please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.
There is more information about cookies, including how to delete them on the website aboutcookies.org. You may also opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics.
10.9 Consent
By using our website, you consent to collection and use of any information you provide to us by Manchester Sale Rugby Club Limited for the purposes described above. If we amend our privacy policy, any changes will be published on this website and if subscribed to mailing lists you will receive a notification by email. If at any time you wish to update the information which we hold about you, or if you wish to stop receiving information from Sale Sharks, please contact us
In addition you agree that Sale Sharks will share your aggregated and anonymised website analytics data with Premiership Rugby for the purpose of delivering league wide benchmarks and audience insights.
If you are under 18 you may subscribe to our newsletter and mailing lists but only with the consent of your parent or guardian. You may only make purchases on this website if you are aged 18 or over or, if under 18, have received parental or guardian consent. We may contact your regarding any purchase that you make.
11. Where to make a complaint
If you have a complaint regarding your personal data or this privacy policy, please contact us here.
If you are still not satisfied you may write to the Information Commissioner’s Office at the following address:
Information Commissioner’s Office
Wycliffe house
Water Lane
Wilmslow
Cheshire
SK9 5AF
DFP – Content MPU
Homepage - Next Match
Shark Bites
Official Sale Sharks Newsletter
Subscribe
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.I accept the cookies from this sitePrivacy policy