http://www.glenelggolf.com/cms/terms-and-conditions/
Terms and Conditions | Glenelg Golf Club
Terms and Conditions | Glenelg Golf Club
Members Login
Home
Golf Course
About the Golf Course
Course Gallery & Tour
Sustainability
ASR Wetland Scheme
Latest Golf Course News
Hole-in-One Honour Board
Membership & Golf
Join Glenelg Golf Club
The Bay Experience
Benefits of being a member
Golf Events & Competitions
2019 Pennant Golf
Junior Golf
Junior Membership & Golf
Junior Golf Program
Junior News
Information for Parents
Frequently Asked Questions
Junior Tigers Golf Program Website
Reciprocal Clubs
Pacific Links International
Information for Guests & Visitors
Local Accommodation
Four Reds
Pro Shop
Latest Pro Shop News
Pro Shop Staff
Clubs, Apparel & Accessories
Club Merchandise
Coaching & Lessons
Pro Shop Tips & Drills
Clinics & Programs
The Healthy Golfer
Dining & Functions
Dining at Glenelg
Functions at Glenelg
Christmas Function at Glenelg
Function Packages & Options
Function Testimonials
Function Enquiry
Weddings
Weddings at Pinehill
Wedding Packages & Options
Planning your day
Wedding Testimonials
Wedding Gallery
Wedding Enquiry
Corporate Solutions
Corporate Golf at Glenelg
Conferences & Seminars
Corporate Membership
Business Breakfast
About Glenelg
Latest News
About Glenelg Golf Club
Club Office Bearers & Staff
Our Role in Golf
SA Golf Industry Hall of Fame
History of the Club
Heritage Fund
Glenelg Golf Club Foundation
Adelaide Crows Partnership
Brochure and Publication Library
Contact Us
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
1. Acceptance
By using this Web Site, you agree, without limitation or qualification, to be bound by, and to comply with, these Terms and Conditions and any other posted guidelines or rules applicable to the Web Site. All such guidelines and rules are hereby incorporated by reference into the Terms and Conditions.
2. Privacy Policy
The Glenelg Golf Club is subject to the provisions of the Privacy Act 1988. The Act contains 10 National Privacy Principles that set standards for the handling of personal information. The Club has a commitment to privacy and the safeguarding of member, visitor and staff personal information.
Any personal information provided by you to the Club (e.g. name, address, date of birth and contact details), will be protected. The Club does not usually disclose your personal information to any other organisation or person unless there is a legal requirement to do so. The Club may also disclose personal information to relevant authorities if it reasonably believes that there is a threat to an individual’s life, health or safety, or public health or safety. If the Club has reason to suspect that unlawful activity has been, is being or may be engaged in, personal information may be used or disclosed as a necessary part of any investigation and reporting to relevant persons or authorities.
The Club may disclose your information to third parties that provide services under contract to the club. These contracts require the third party to keep your personal information confidential and secure. Your personal information may be used by the Club for marketing purposes to improve our services and to provide you with the latest information about those services, any new related services and promotions. If you do not wish to receive information about services and promotions, the Club, on request, will remove your name from mailing lists.
You have a right to access any personal information that the Club may hold about you, including a right of correction of your information. The Club will not charge a fee for you to access your personal information.
If you require any further information, please contact Club Administration.
3. Disclaimer
The materials may contain inaccuracies and typographical errors. Glenelg Golf Club does not warrant the accuracy or completeness of the materials or the reliability of any advice, opinion, statement or other information displayed or distributed through the site. You acknowledge that any reliance on any such opinion, advice, statement, memorandum, or information shall be at your sole risk. Glenelg Golf Club reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to correct any errors or omissions in any portion of the site. Glenelg Golf Club may make any other changes to the site, the materials and the products, programs, services or prices (if any) described in the site at any time without notice.
This site, the information and materials on the site, and the software made available on the site, are provided “as is” without any representation or warranty, express or implied, of any kind, including, but not limited to, warranties of merchantability, noninfringement, or fitness for any particular purpose. Some jurisdictions do not allow for the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusions may not apply to you.
4. Limitations of Damages
In no event shall Glenelg Golf Club be liable to any entity for any direct, indirect, special, consequential or other damages (including, without limitation, any lost profits, business interruption, loss of information or programs or other data on your information handling system) that are related to the use of, or the inability to use, the content, materials, and functions of the site or any linked website, even if Glenelg Golf Club is expressly advised of the possibility of such damages.
5. Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Glenelg Golf Club, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors, suppliers and any third party information providers to the Service from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, resulting from any violation of this Agreement by you.
6. Third Party Sites
As a convenience to you, Glenelg Golf Club may provide, on this Site, links to Web sites operated by other entities. If you use these sites, you will leave this Site. If you decide to visit any linked site, you do so at your own risk and it is your responsibility to take all protective measures to guard against viruses or other destructive elements. Glenelg Golf Club makes no warranty or representation regarding, and does not endorse, any linked Web sites or the information appearing thereon or any of the products or services described thereon. Links do not imply that Glenelg Golf Club or this Site sponsors, endorses, is affiliated or associated with, or is legally authorised to use any trademark, trade name, logo or copyright symbol displayed in or accessible through the links.
Search Website
Go
2017, 2018 & 2019 ABIA AWARD WINNING VENUE
BEST CLUB RECEPTION VENUE IN AUSTRALIA
AWARDED CLUBS SA
2015 & 2016 BEST CLUB DINING
Membership & Golf
Dining
Functions
Corporate Solutions
Juniors
Weddings
About Glenelg
Members Login
Join as a member today
Four Reds
© Glenelg Golf Club Inc.|
Website Terms & Conditions |
Contact Us
T: +61 8 8295 3793 |
F: +61 8 8294 8894 |
reception@glenelggolf.com
Website by MiClubFollow us on Facebook
| Mobile Site
Members Login