http://www.4orienteering.com/privacy.php
Training Network: Wilderness Survival | Fitness Training
Orienteering Home
The Sport:
Orienteering History
Orienteering Overview
Course Setup
Officials
Start/Finish Areas
Course Safety
Control Point Guidelines
Map Symbols
Orienteering Techniques
Civilian Orienteering
The Skills:
Maps
Marginal Information and Symbols
Grids
Scale and Distance
Direction
Overlays
Aerial Photographs
Navigation Equipment and Methods
Elevation and Relief
Terrain Association
Navigation in Different Types of Terrain
Field Sketching
Map Folding Techniques
Units of Measure and Conversion Factors
Privacy Statement for Online-Orienteering.net
Jalic LLC has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: Fitness Training.
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is used to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information.
Our site uses cookies to make sure you don't see the same ad repeatedly.
Our site's registration form requires users to give us demographic information (like their zip code, age, or income level). Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site. We use this data to tailor the visitor's experience at our site, showing them content that we think they might be interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences. This information is shared with advertisers on an aggregate basis.
We use an outside ad company to display ads on our site. These ads may contain cookies. While we use cookies in other parts of our Web site, cookies received with banner ads are collected by our ad company, and we do not have access to this information. Some customer data is shared with the advertising companies.
Copyright © 2001-2005 Jalic LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Disclaimer | Privacy Policy | Contact Us