https://www.edinburghaccies.com/the-club/policies/
Senior Rugby
Youth Rugby
Mini Rugby
Match Day Admissions
Pre-match Lunches
Social Events
Club History
EAFC Links
Key Contacts
Media Enquiries
Location
Policies
Policies
Club Code of Conduct and Policies
The Edinburgh Academical Football Club aims to ensure that all people, irrespective of their age, gender, ability, race, religion, ethnic origin, creed, colour, nationality, social status or sexual orientation, have a genuine and equal opportunity to participate in the game of Rugby Union at all levels and in all roles.
To ensure that this can happen in as favourable an environment as possible, the Club has approved the following Code of Conduct and Policies - which are intended as guidance as to how the Club expects its players, coaches, volunteers, members and visitors to behave towards each other – and a Disciplinary Procedure for use where needed.
Failure to adhere to the Code of Conduct or Policies may result in disciplinary action being taken by the Club against the individual(s) concerned.
Under the Cub’s Disciplinary Procedure a Disciplinary Committee (DC) will be formed in the rare event that the Club needs to hear any complaints against a Club member, for whatever reason. The DC will be made up of three Club members - at least one will be from the Club Board or Management Group and the remaining two will depend on the exact nature of the complaint.
The DC will pass a judgment on the complaint within one week of meeting the individual concerned, and their parent/guardian if under 18.
The General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) are in effect from 25 May 2018. EAFC works to these regulations as a matter of course. The regulations protect a data subject (any individual on whom data is held) from unlawful processing of data, and gives right of access to that data. EAFC takes its management of personal data very seriously.
For full details on the Code of Conduct, Policies, Disciplinary Procedure and Privacy Policy, please click on the links below.
Code of Conduct
Child and Vulnerable Adult Protection Policy
Equal Opportunities Policy
Misuse of Prohibited Substances Policy
Disciplinary Procedure
Privacy Policy
From the Archive