http://www.golfinnyc.com/terms.php
Golf In New York City
About Golf NYC Team
Golf Lessons
Golfing Events
Golfing Links
Contact GolfinNYC
The Bronx
Mosholu GC
Pelham GC
Split Rock GC
Trump Golf Links
Turtle Cove GC
Van Cortlandt GC
Brooklyn
Brooklyn Golf Center
Dyker Beach GC
Dyker Beach Junior Golf Center
Marine Park GC
Manhattan
Chelsea Peirs
Golf Manhattan
Randalls Island GC
Queens
Breezy Point GC
Clearview GC
Douglaston GC
Flushing Meadows GC
Forest Park GC
Golden Bear GC
Kissena GC
Staten Island
Latourette GC
Silver Lake GC
South Shore GC
GolfinNYC Terms and Conditions
All information provided on this web site is purely for informational purposes. It has does not make any warranties or representations about the accuracy or completeness of the contents or any information represented on it.
It undertakes no liability for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect damages, including punitive damage, that may arise out of any information, content, or potential links with other sites.
This information is not an endorsement of any particular program or course. All information is the exclusive property of the golfinnyc.com website and cannot be reprinted, distributed or modified in any way or form without written permission.
Comments submitted to the website will be printed at the discretion of its ownership. An comments which might be unlawful, threatening , libelous, obscene, profane or any pornographic will be considered as such, and prosecuted to the full extent of the law.
Information received is not considered confidential and might be re-sold, printed or transmitted to other website's without permission of the sender.
Privacy Statement for Golfinnyc.com
Golfinnyc.com has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website:
Golfinnyc.com will not, under any circumstances, sell or give away names and addresses collected at the website.
Golfinnyc.com contains links to other sites. golfinnyc.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact us via E-Mail.
Republication
You are permitted to print or download extracts from this material for your personal use only. None of this material may be used for any commercial or public use. No part of the website or any material appearing on it may be reproduced on, stored in or transmitted to any other web site. For more information, please see our legal disclaimer.
We do grant permission for the re-publication of our material in both print and electronic format subject to a copyright fee. If you would like permission to reproduce an article or chart from our publication, please contact us with the following information:
The issue in which the article appeared
The exact title of the article or chart and the date in which it appeared
Where you intend to reproduce this material (e.g. in a newsletter, brochure or website)
Your print run quantity
Some background on your company and/or organization
Copyright: 1996-2017
GolfinNYC - Unless otherwise stated.
Website Design by: dkinweb.com
Site Info: Contact us | Privacy Statement & Disclaimer | Sitemap | Advertising and Rates
Site Sponsers: DancinDogg Golf | Golf-Trainer.com | Sports World | Passport To NY Golf