https://www.andover.edu/terms-of-use
Winter Term Information for Phillips Academy Families
Read More
Menu
Close
Alumni
Parents & Guardians
Community Visitors
Employment
PA Net
The Hive
Comptroller
About
Learning
Living
Admission
Summer
Athletics
Arts
People of Andover
Apply
Giving
FAQ
News
Our Plan for 2020-2021
Equity, Inclusion, & Justice
Terms of Use
Privacy
Please review our full privacy policy and cookie notice.
Copyright Information
The contents of this website, including (but not limited to) all written material, images, photos and code, are protected under international copyright and trademark laws. You may not copy, reproduce, modify, republish, transmit or distribute any material from this site without express written permission.
All efforts have been made to ensure the accuracy of the information presented on this site. Phillips Academy reserves the right, however, to make changes at its discretion affecting policies, fees, curricula or other matters announced on this site.
Phillips Academy is not responsible for the quality, accuracy or appropriateness of content on other sites to which links have been provided on Phillips Academy pages.
It is the policy of Phillips Academy not to discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation or the presence of any disability in the recruitment and employment of students, faculty and staff and the operation of any of its programs and activities, as specified by federal laws and regulations.
AGENT FOR NOTIFICATION OF COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT
As required by the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998, the following individual is designated for notification of potential copyright infringement regarding this website hosted by Phillips Academy:
Neil EvansPhillips Academy 180 Main Street Andover, MA 01810 Phone: 978-749-4000
If you believe this website hosted by Phillips Academy infringes a copyright, please provide the following information to the person identified above (17 U.S.C. § 512):
A physical or electronic signature of the copyright owner or authorized agent;Identification of the copyrighted work(s) claimed to have been infringed;Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of the infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material;Information regarding how we may contact you (e.g., mailing address, telephone number, e-mail address);A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; andA statement by you that the information in your notification is accurate, and, under penalty of perjury, that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.
NOTICE AND TAKEDOWN PROCEDURE
It is expected that all users of the Phillips Academy Web site will comply with applicable copyright laws. However, if Phillips Academy is notified of claimed copyright infringement, or otherwise becomes aware of facts and circumstances from which infringement is apparent, it will respond expeditiously by removing or disabling access to the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity. Phillips Academy will comply with the appropriate provisions of the DMCA in the event a counter notification is received by its designated agent.