http://www.twincities.com/2014/05/06/twincities-com-commenting-terms-of-use/
News
News
Business
Crime & Public Safety
Education
Government & Politics
Health
National News
Coronavirus
Local
St. Paul
Ramsey County
Anoka County
Washington County
Dakota County
Minnesota
Wisconsin
Weather
Sports
Sports
Minnesota Vikings
Minnesota Twins
Minnesota Wild
Minnesota Timberwolves
Minnesota Lynx
Minnesota United FC
College Sports
Gophers Football
Gophers Men’s Basketball
Saints
High School Sports
Outdoors
Food
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Restaurant news
Restaurant reviews
Restaurant lists
Recipes
Things to Do
Things to Do
Books
Movies & TV
Arts
Music and Concerts
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Theater
Travel
Treasure Hunt
Winter Carnival
State Fair
Home & Garden
Opinion
Editorials
Letters to the Editor
Opinion Columnists
Obituaries
Subscribe
Log In
GET BREAKING NEWS IN YOUR BROWSER. CLICK HERE TO TURN ON NOTIFICATIONS.
X
By Pioneer Press | news@pioneerpress.comPUBLISHED: May 6, 2014 at 3:18 p.m. | UPDATED: March 23, 2016 at 1:57 p.m.We are pleased to invite readers to comment on articles on TwinCities.com. Our goal with article comments is to provide a space for civil, informative and constructive conversations.
If you don’t already have a Disqus account, you can create one using your Twitter, Facebook or Google+ account or your email and a password. The system makes it easy to share comments on social media platforms. You can also vote comments up or down, and choose to sort comments by community ranking or time posted.
Please stay on point and treat others with respect.
We do not pre-moderate comments, but do have a filter designed to prevent crude language from appearing. We reserve the right to remove any comment we deem to be defamatory, rude, insulting to others, hateful, off-topic or reckless to the community.
If you see a post that violates these terms, please flag it. We do our best to review these reports in a timely manner.
Remember that comment moderation is subjective – you may find something objectionable when we don’t, or vice versa. Don’t flag a comment just because you disagree with the person’s point of view. The up and down arrows under the comment are the way to indicate your appreciation or lack thereof. And remember not to feed the trolls!
Comments will be removed if they:
Are off-topic. Don’t try to hijack a conversation or turn non-political stories political.
Contain profanity or vulgarity. Don’t use foul language, even if it’s veiled.
Contain personal attacks, libel, threats, name-calling, taunting. You can disagree with a person and even say their idea is dumb without saying they themselves are dumb. And don’t make fun of people who are dead, injured or already humiliated. Remember that family members of those in the news read these comments.
Use hateful or baiting speech: Don’t make comments that stereotype, intimidate or are hateful toward an individual or group of individuals on the basis of religion, gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnicity, nationality, age, or disability.
Are spam. If you want to advertise something on our site, learn how here here.
Are not your own words. Respect others’ copyrights. Don’t copy the work of others into our comments.
Invade someone’s privacy. Don’t publish a private person’s email address, phone number or address without their permission or information about their family.
Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts
Subscribe
Follow Us
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
RSS
Most Popular
Andy Brehm: St. Paul is magnificent, but we're heading in the wrong direction
Minnesota town approves permit for whites-only religious group
St. Paul celebrity knitter Annie Modesitt, 59, had a way of knitting people together
Charges filed in Hudson slaying as border towns crack down amid influx of Minnesotans
Driver in deadly Roseville crash is charged two months after he was slain in Minneapolis
Walz calls for special session to extend emergency powers
Rochester school board suspends superintendent after plagiarism admission
KARE anchor Julie Nelson has tested positive for COVID-19
Taylor Swift's second surprise album of 2020 once again features St. Paul drummer JT Bates and Justin Vernon
Luxury apartment projects planned for Stillwater, Hudson
More in News
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Cancel
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Close