https://www.wildsamoan.com/privacy.html
Mailing Address: P.O. Box 2291, Minneola, FL 34755 352-272-2806
Toggle Navigation
Menu
Home
About
News
Adult Programs
Youth Programs
Tuition & Fees
Samoan Dynasty
Privacy Policy
The following is the privacy policy for the https://www.wildsamoan.com/ website. In this policy, Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center describes what personal information Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center collects on our site, how Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center uses it, and your options regarding information Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center may collect about you. Where more details are needed to explain our privacy practices as to a particular Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center product or service, we may post separate privacy notices to describe how a particular Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center product or service processes personal information which is accessible from the topic index to the right of this Policy and/or links to the same.
If you have questions about this policy, please feel free to contact us at the address listed on our website.
Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center Use of Cookies and E-Mail
What is a cookie?
Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your device when you visit a website. Cookies are then sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognizes that cookie. Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognizes a user’s device. You can find more information about cookies at: www.allaboutcookies.org.
For a video about cookies visit www.google.com/goodtoknow/data-on-the-web/cookies.
Cookies do lots of different jobs, like letting you navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences, and generally improve the user experience. They can also help to ensure that advertisements you see online are more relevant to you and your interests.
A list of all the cookies used on this website by category is set out below.
Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center collects cookies on our Web Site to capture information about page visits (e.g. “performance cookies.”) This information is anonymous and Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center uses this information only internally - to deliver the most effective content to our visitors. Information from the cookie is used to gauge page popularity, analyze traffic patterns on our site and guide development of other improvements to our site.
In our email programs, Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center employs some tracking methods (e.g. “targeting, performance, and functionality cookies”). We track “opens” via a tracking pixel in the email- meaning we track who opens our e-mails messages and when you open our e-mail messages; and we track “clicks” via encoded URLs-meaning we track whether you click on the links contained in our e-mail messages. This information is used internally only to help us deliver relevant messaging, and is not shared with any third parties.
Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center does not require that you accept cookies and/or you may withdraw your consent to our use of cookies at any time by adjusting your browser's privacy settings, however, some functionality on our Web site (e.g. “functionality cookies”), our product or service check-out process, and products and services may be disabled if you decline to accept cookies ( e.g. “necessary cookies”).
You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. You may also change your cookie settings through preference options in our products and/or services, where applicable. We will indicate that upon selecting your preferences, that we will use a cookie to remember your preferences.
Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center never gives away information about our users. If you choose to provide personally identifiable information about yourself, Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center will use this information only to communicate directly with you. Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center will not sell, rent or otherwise disclose that information to third parties unless such disclosure is necessary for the purposes set forth in this Policy, by law or a policy or notice contained or associated with a specific.
Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center's Use of Remarketing with Google Analytics
Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center collects cookies on our Web site to capture information about page visits. This information is anonymous and Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center uses this information only internally - to deliver the most effective content to our visitors. Information from the cookies is used to gauge page popularity, analyze traffic patterns on our site and guide development of other improvements to our site. Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center does not require that you accept cookies, however, some functionality on our Web site, our product or service check-out process, and products and services may be disabled if you decline to accept cookies. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. You may also change your cookie settings through preferences options in our products and/or services, where applicable. Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center never gives away information about our users. If you choose to e-mail us and provide personally identifiable information about yourself, Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center will use this information only to respond to your inquiry. Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center will not sell, rent or otherwise disclose that information to third parties unless such disclosure is necessary for the purposes set forth in this Policy, by law or a policy or notice contained or associated with a specific Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center product or service.
Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center uses analytics data and the DoubleClick cookie to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to our website.  Site visitors may opt out of the DoubleClick cookie by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page or they may opt out of Google Analytics by visiting the Google Analytics opt-out page.
Google has additional information available about their Remarketing Privacy Guidelines, Policies, and Restrictions.
Volunteered Information and Use of Information
When you license or subscribe to a product or service or open an account or complete an online registration on our site, Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center collects personal information from you which may include:
name and email address;
billing information, including credit card information and your shipping address;
information concerning software programs downloaded, products and content licensed, accessed, or downloaded through Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center products or services;
location information (such as zip code or postal code and country);
computer configuration (such as operating system, connection speed, and peripherals);
the IP Internet (IP) address and URL of the Web site that sent you to the Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center registration page;
the types of peripherals (including portable media or recording devices) used by Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center products on your computer (to ensure that you have access to the latest fixes and patches for full compatibility with these devices);
demographic information provided by you (such as language, gender and age, and, if applicable, software program and content preferences and personalization information); and
whether you logged into or out of a Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center service, or changed your password or billing information.
This information is collected on Web pages using encryption technology to help prevent any third party from intercepting the information. Your credit card information is only used for completing the transaction and is retained only as necessary for administration purposes. Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center uses the information provided by our customers to analyze product trends based on, for example, geographic and demographic factors. This analysis helps us improve the quality of our Web site and product and service mix.
Information Collected in Contests
If you enter one of our contests, the data we collect will be handled according to the rules of that particular contest and those rules may differ based on where you live. We provide a privacy policy specific to each contest that you should review prior to entering the contest.
Forums
Membership into our forums is voluntary. When you provide your username, password and e-mail address, you can receive online support from Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center and from other Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center software users. Please refer to the policy before registering to join our forums.
Notice
Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center informs its customers what information it collects, how it is used, whether it may be temporarily transferred to others to provide the products or services requested and how to contact Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center with privacy inquiries. Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center provides a link to Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center's privacy notice on its sites, and in e-mails.
Choice
Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center offers customers and individuals who provide us information choices about receiving further communications from us; for example, our e-mail newsletters are sent only to those who have expressly asked to receive them, and the newsletters have a link to use to opt out of receiving future messages. Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center may ask individuals if they wish to participate in market research, and then contact them if they give us their permission. Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center does not contact customers or individuals for marketing purposes for those persons who have contacted Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center directly to opt out of our direct marketing programs.
Technology
Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center uses technology in order to better serve its customers and others. Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center informs customers or individuals when Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center use technologies that are privacy related.
Data Integrity & Access
Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center takes steps to make sure that the personal information Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center uses is correct. Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center provides customers and individuals with reasonable access to the personal information they may have provided us so that they can review and correct it, or ask us not to use it.
Security
Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center protects personal information under its control by industry standard security practices and measures, in order to prevent loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center limits access to personal information to those who have a business need. Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center does not keep personal information any longer than necessary to meet the business purpose for which it was collected, though in some cases, legal or regulatory reasons require that personal information not be deleted. Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center shall use its best efforts to quickly work to remedy any vulnerabilities found in our or software and to alert our customers about any potentially dangerous vulnerabilities.
Data Transfer
Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center may transfer personal information to Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center databases in countries other than where it was provided. Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center's privacy program requires the same high level of security and protection of personal information in all geographies with procedures and contracts in place to help ensure this is so. Data may be temporarily transferred to a vendor or business partner to provide services for Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center, such as mailing information or processing credit card transactions. These vendors and business partners are required to protect and manage the personal information to the same high standards Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center uses, and they cannot use the information for purposes other than to provide the services Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center has requested. Also, Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center may disclose or transfer your personal information, including, without limitation, personal information regarding customers under 13, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) satisfy an applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request; (b) enforce applicable Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center's Terms of Use, License or Service Agreements; (c) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues; (d) to protect against imminent harm to rights, property or safety of Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center, its users, or the public at large as required or permitted by law.
Information Practices For Children
Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center does not intentionally collect information from children under the age of 13. If in the future we choose to collect personal information from children, we will comply with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA).
Notification of Policy Changes
If major content changes are made to Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center's Privacy Policy, Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center will outline and post the changes along with the new version on this Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center site.
Links
Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center may create links to the sites of other parties. Independently operated sites are not associated with Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center or authorized by us and may also have links leading to this Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center site. Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center cannot control any of these links and are not responsible for any content appearing on the sites linked to or from Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center's site, or for any personal information gathered at those independently operated sites.
Data Not Collected On This Site
Personal information that is not collected on the site is not generally subject to this Privacy Policy.
Non-U.S. Customer Information
If you are a customer or individual who is logging on from outside the United States, the personal information you submit to Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center will be sent to and stored on our servers. The personal information practices set out in this Privacy Policy apply to all Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center products, services, and customers worldwide. You have a right of access and to correct such data and/or personal information. To exercise these rights, or for other data privacy questions, please contact through this website.
Enforcement
Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center regularly reviews its compliance with this Privacy Policy. Please feel free to direct any questions or concerns regarding this Policy or Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center's treatment of personal information by contacting us through this Site. When Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center receives a formal written complaint at this address, it is Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center's policy to contact the complaining party regarding his or her concerns. Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center will cooperate with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that cannot be resolved by Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center and an individual.
No Error Free Performance
Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center does not guarantee error-free performance under this Privacy Policy. Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center will use reasonable efforts to comply with this Privacy Policy and will take prompt corrective action when Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center learns of any failure to comply with our Privacy Policy. Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center shall not be liable for any incidental, consequential or punitive damages relating to this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy shall be governed by the laws of the United States to the extent applicable.
Upcoming Events
Sat, Dec 19 2020 11:00pm
WXW Wrestling
Minneola City, Hall, 800 U.S. 27, Minneola, FL 34715
Buy Tickets Online
Sat, Jan 09 2021 11:00pm
WXW Wrestling
Minneola City, Hall, 800 U.S. 27, Minneola, FL 34715
Buy Tickets Online
Sat, Feb 06 2021 11:00pm
WXW Wrestling
Minneola City, Hall, 800 U.S. 27, Minneola, FL 34715
Buy Tickets Online
Connect With Us
Translate
The Wild Samoan Training Center is not associated with wswrestlingschool.com in any form or fashion. The Wild Samoan Training Center would like to remind you that its students are trained athletes. You should never try to emulate what they do in and out of the ring. The Wild Samoan Wrestling Training Center, Inc. requires a degree of skill and risk. All students, visitors, and spectators assume full responsibility and liability.
Copyright 2020 Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center. All Rights Reserved. Web design by xclntDesign. Privacy Policy.