http://www.sportscotland.org.uk/terms-and-conditions/
Skip to content
Home
Terms and conditions
Terms and conditions
This sportscotland website is maintained for your personal use and viewing. Please read these terms of use carefully before you start to use this website. Accessing and using the website constitutes acceptance by you of these terms of use. If you do not agree to these terms of use or any part of these terms of use, you must not use our website.
sportscotland reserves the right to revise these terms of use at any time by amending this page. Revised terms of use will apply to the use of our website from the date of the publication of the revised terms of use on our website. We advise you to review these terms of use on a regular basis and to take note of any changes made by sportscotland, as they are binding on you.
Some of the provisions contained in these terms of use may also be superseded by provisions or notices published elsewhere on our site.
Information about Us
sportscotland.org.uk is a site operated by sportscotland. sportscotland is incorporated by Royal Charter and sportscotland’s principal office is located at The Doges, Templeton on the Green, 62 Templeton Street, Glasgow, G40 1DA.
Accessing Our Site
Access to our site is permitted on a temporary basis, and sportscotland reserves the right to withdraw or amend the service we provide on our site at any time. sportscotland will not be liable if for any reason our site becomes unavailable at any time or for any period.
You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to our site. You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access our site through your internet connection are aware of these terms, and that they comply with them at all times.
Licence to use website
Unless otherwise stated, we or our licensors own the intellectual property rights in the website and material on the website. Subject to the licence below, all these intellectual property rights are reserved.
You may view, download extracts of any page(s) and print pages from the website for your own personal use, subject to the restrictions set out below and elsewhere in these terms of use.
You must not:
republish material from this website (including republication on another website) without our express written consent;
sell, rent or sub-license material from the website;
show any material from the website in public;
reproduce, duplicate, copy or otherwise exploit material on our website for a commercial purpose without obtaining a licence to do so from us or our licensors;
edit or otherwise modify any material on the website without our express consent.
Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of material on our site must always be acknowledged.
If you print off, copy or download any part of our site in breach of these terms of use, your right to use our website will cease immediately and you must, on our demand, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made.
Acceptable use
You must not use our website in any way that causes, or may cause, damage to the website or impairment of the availability or accessibility of the website; or in any way which is unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful, or in connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful purpose or activity or any other activity which is deemed by sportscotland in its sole discretion as inappropriate.
You must not use our website to copy, store, host, transmit, send, use, publish or distribute any material which consists of (or is linked to) any spyware, computer virus, Trojan horse, worm, keystroke logger, rootkit or other malicious computer software.
You must not conduct any systematic or automated data collection activities (including without limitation scraping, data mining, data extraction and data harvesting) on or in relation to our website without our express written consent.
You must not use our website to transmit or send unsolicited commercial communications.
You must not use our website and or URL for any purposes related to marketing without our express written consent.
Uploading material to our site
Whenever you make use of a feature that allows you to upload material to our site, or to make contact with other users of our site, you must comply with the content standards set out in the Acceptable Use section above. You warrant that any such contribution does comply with those standards, and you indemnify us for any breach of that warranty.
Any material you upload to our site will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary, and we have the right to use, copy, distribute and disclose to third parties any such material for any purpose. We also have the right to disclose your identity to any third party who is claiming that any material posted or uploaded by you to our site constitutes a breach of their intellectual property rights, or of their right to privacy.
We will not be responsible, or liable to any third party, for the content or accuracy of any materials posted by you or any other user of our site.
We have the right to remove any material or posting you make on our site if, in our opinion, such material does not comply with the content standards set out in the Acceptable Use section above.
Changes to our website
We aim to update our site regularly. sportscotland reserves the right to change the content at any time. If required, we may suspend access to our site, or close it indefinitely. Any of the material on our site may be out of date at any given time, and we are under no obligation to update such material.
Our Liability
We do not warrant the completeness or accuracy of the information published on this website; nor do we commit to ensuring that the website remains available or that the material on the website is kept up-to-date.
The materials posted on our site are not intended to amount to advice on which reliance should be placed. We therefore disclaim all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance placed on such materials by any visitor to our site, or by anyone who may be informed of any of its contents. Please be advised that you should verify the accuracy of the information and/or materials before acting upon it.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law we hereby expressly exclude:-
all representations, warranties and conditions relating to this website and the use of this website including (without limitation) any warranties implied by law of satisfactory quality, fitness for purpose and/or the use of reasonable care and skill).
any special, indirect or consequential loss or damage incurred by any user in connection with our site or in connection with the use, inability to use, or results of the use of our site, any websites linked to it and any materials posted on it, including (without limitation) loss of or damage to profits, income, revenue, use, production, anticipated savings, business, contracts, commercial opportunities or goodwill.
Nothing in these terms of use will affect our liability for death or personal injury arising from our negligence, nor our liability for fraudulent misrepresentation or misrepresentation as to a fundamental matter, nor any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
Indemnity
You hereby indemnify us and undertake to keep us indemnified against any losses, damages, costs, liabilities and expenses (including without limitation legal expenses and any amounts paid by us to a third party in settlement of a claim or dispute on the advice of our legal advisers) incurred or suffered by us arising out of any breach by you of any provision of these terms of use, or arising out of any claim that you have breached any provision of these terms of use.
Breaches of these terms of use
Without prejudice to our other rights under these terms of use, if you breach these terms of use in any way, we may take such action as we deem appropriate to deal with the breach, including suspending your access to the website, prohibiting you from accessing the website, blocking computers using your IP address from accessing the website, contacting your internet service provider to request that they block your access to the website and/or bringing court proceedings against you.
Information about you and your visits to our site
Data protection and GDPR compliance is very important to us. We process information about you in accordance with our general privacy policy, which you can find in the Privacy section of our website.
Linking to our site
You may link to our home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists.
You must not establish a link from any website that is not owned by you.
Our site must not be framed on any other site, nor may you create a link to any part of our site other than the home page. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice. The website from which you are linking must comply in all respects with the content standards set out in our Acceptable Use section above.
If you wish to make any use of material on our site other than that set out above, please address your request to website@sportscotland.org.uk.
Links from our site
Where our site contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources, and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.
Law and jurisdiction
These terms of use will be governed by and construed in accordance with Scots law, and any disputes relating to these terms of use will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Scottish courts.
Other pages from this section:
Terms and conditions
Date published: 01 June 2016
Date updated: 10 October 2018
Share this page
Facebook
Twitter
Linkedin
Feedback
Your feedback will help us to improve this site. Please don't provide any personal information.
Enquiries should be submitted using the Enquiry form
Was this page helpful?
*
Yes
No
Yes, but...
What could we do to improve it?
Please provide enough information to let us find and fix the issue but don't send any personal information.
Collects the page id