http://www.grumpyphotos.com/privacy.policy.php
Login  |  Create An Account
News
Featured
Prints Packages Subscriptions
Galleries
Newest Media About Us Contact Us
Advanced Search
LOADING
0
$0.00
0
Galleries
Race Schedule
FAQ
Contact Us
Free Digital Copies
Privacy Policy
Pay Securely with PayPal!
Are you not sure of ordering through PayPal?
Security Policy:
Encryption Technology:
PayPal automatically encrypts your confidential information in transit from your computer to ours using the Secure Sockets Layer protocol (SSL) with an encryption key length of 128-bits (the highest level commercially available). Before you even register or login to our site, our server checks that you're using an approved browser - one that uses SSL 3.0 or higher.
Once your information reaches us, it resides on a server that is heavily guarded both physically and electronically. Our servers sit behind an electronic firewall and are not directly connected to the Internet, so your private information is available only to authorized computers.
Account Insurance and More:
PayPal provides you with SafeWeb Insurance that protects your account from unauthorized withdrawals up to $100,000. In addition, PayPal offers its own unlimited protection against unauthorized withdrawals from any bank account you may have linked to your account at our website. Of course, PayPal will NEVER, EVER transfer funds out of your linked bank account without your explicit permission.
Additional Security Features:
Credit card and bank account numbers never appear on screen after you enter them, so even if someone stole your account password he would not have access to that data.
We send you an E-mail confirmation for every transaction in our system involving your bank account, so you don't have to worry about unauthorized persons transferring money from your account.
We send payments only to confirmed E-mail addresses. No person can accept payment through an E-mail address without confirming ownership through our confirmation process.
The security of your information, transactions, and money is the core of our business and our top priority at PayPal. We pride ourselves in taking extra measures to protect you so we'll have you as a member for years to come.
Photos by Grumpy
(760) 947-7558
15555 Main Street, Suite D4-182Hesperia, California 92345 United States
Terms Of Use  |  	Privacy Policy  |
Copyright © 2020 Photos by Grumpy, All Rights Reserved.