http://www.socceramerica.com/privacy/
Toggle navigation
Sections
Men's National Team
Women's National Team
MLS
NWSL
USL
NISA
Men's World Cup
Women's World Cup
Olympics
Americans Abroad
Youth
College Men
College Women
International
Expansion
Television
Business
Referees
News
Pro Member Access Only
Soccer America Daily
Game Report
Soccer On TV
Paul Gardner: SoccerTalk
Soccer America Confidential
Youth
All Access
Youth Soccer Insider
Tournament Calendar
Camps and Academies
Soccer Glossary
Classifieds
About
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy & Security
Advertise
Search
Advanced Search
Sign in
Username
Password
Remember me
Forgot or need to establish your password?
Pro Membership
Become a Pro Member
Give a Gift Membership
Advertise
Follow
Privacy Policy
Soccer America and its Affiliate websites have a firm commitment to protecting your privacy. We operate our website under the following guidelines to safeguard our users' personal information. We may revise our policy from time to time, so please check this page periodically.
Personal/Company Information
To operate our services, Soccer America asks for personal and/or company information in the member's registration form, such as your name, address, and other identifying information. We do this, for example, when you register as a Soccer America Pro Member on our site. We use this individual information to deliver Pro member only newsletters, and other service-related purposes. Soccer America may also automatically collect information such as your web browser type or IP address. This information is used to ensure our website displays properly on most commonly used browsers. This information is also used to help identify you on the service and to gather broad demographic information.
Updating or Opting-Out
If you want to change or update your registration information please visit www.socceramerica.com and select 'Manage My Account' from the menu, and update your information. If you would like to opt-out as a member of Soccer America, please send an email to remove@socceramerica.com or call us at (347) 762-2640.
Cookies
Soccer America may place a "cookie" in the browser files of your computer. A cookie is a file that identifies you as a unique user. The cookie itself does not contain any individual information about you, although it will enable Soccer America to relate your use of our site to information that you have specifically provided to us. We may use cookies to provide you with information, to save your password so that you do not have to re-enter it each time you visit our site, for retaining you selections between screens during a session, and for other purposes. The first time you register on to our site, you may be asked to accept a cookie. The cookie will remember your user name and password every time you access the site. You do not need to accept this cookie to use our services, but you will have to enter your name and password every time you visit the site.
Links to Other Sites
Our site contains links to other sites outside our service. These other sites may send cookies to users, collect data, or solicit individual information. These sites or services also have separate data and privacy practices. Soccer America and its Affilliate websites disclaim any responsibility or liability for their policies or actions. In general, when we link to other sites, we do not pass your personal information to those sites. In addition, Soccer America offers services in conjunction with partner companies. In order to provide these co-branded services to you, we may share your personal information with our partner company. If you do not want your data to be shared, you can choose not to allow the transfer by not using that particular service.
Affiliate Sites
SoccerAmerica.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com.
Security Precautions
We have taken careful measures to secure your information. This website has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Our registration areas and Members' areas have SSL protection. Verisign has supplied us with a digital certificate for our website. All personal and company data referring to account applications and registration is kept in strictest confidence and security. Your individual Soccer America user information is password protected. We recommend that you do not share your password with anyone. While Soccer America strives to protect your individual information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information that you transmit to Soccer America and you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of any passwords or other account information. Soccer America will NOT disclose any personal information except as described above, as required by law or to protect our interests. Soccer America does disclose user information, including demographic data, in an aggregated form that does not identify individual users in order to describe its services to prospective partners, advertisers and other third parties and for other lawful purposes. If at any time you believe that Soccer America has not adhered to these principles, please notify us promptly by email to feedback@socceramerica.com, or via our contact information below.
Shipping and Refunds
You may view the Shipping and Refunds policy here.
About
Contact Us
Advertise
Privacy/Terms & Conditions
Shopping
©2020 Soccer America. All rights reserved.
145 Pipers Hill Road Wilton, CT 06897 USA
tel. 347-762-2640, fax 917-591-3261
feedback@socceramerica.com