https://www.curborough.co.uk/privacy/
Skip to content
FacebookTwitterFlickr
Privacy
Contact
FAQ
SHENSTONE & DISTRICT CAR CLUB LTD
Privacy Notice
The Shenstone & District Car Club Ltd respects your privacy and we will only use your information in the way we describe in this notice. When using your information we aim to be fair and transparent, and to follow our obligations under UK data protection laws. Your information is used for administering Club Membership, Competitions (including competitors, officials and marshals) , Sprint Schools, Private Hire of Curborough Sprint Course, Curborough Sprint Championship and any other purpose for us to provide services to you.
Shenstone & District Car Club Ltd is the data controller for the purpose of GDPR and the Data Protection Act 2018. Our registered office address is SDCC, c/o 40 Park Lane, Castle Donington, Derbyshire, DE74 2JF.
Our club contact for privacy and data is Steve Udall, and the contact details are email: admin@curborough.co.uk.
Collecting your information
We collect your information when you fill in membership application or renewal forms, competition event entry forms, Championship Entry forms, Sprint School Entry Forms, private hire of Curborough Sprint Course bookings and general enquiry/contact forms. You can give us your information using paper forms or online forms. The information you give us may include your contact details (name, address, telephone number, email address), personal information and identifiers (date of birth, membership number, competition licence number), and other information (vehicle details). When you give us information about another person, such as a child, parent, guardian, or emergency contact you should let that person know that you have given us the information.
If you are under 18 years old, we will also ask for information from your parent or guardian.
Using your information
We use your information when you first apply to become a member of Shenstone & District Car Club Ltd and then to administer and renew your club membership and to provide you with member benefits. We also use your information when you enter club events and other purposes as listed under “Collecting your information”. For competitions, we will publish some of your information in the programme and the results, which will be in the public domain. Your information is used in these ways to fulfil our contract with you.
We may ask you for emergency contact and next of kin details which we will only use in an emergency and which is used for a legitimate interest. You should let the contact and next of kin know that you have given this information to us.
We might use your information to send you relevant messages by email with regard to event or club business. We will not sell or pass your information to another organisation.
To support your lifetime relationship with motor sport and Shenstone & District Car Club Ltd we may keep your information indefinitely, unless you ask us to delete it.
Sharing your information
We may share your information with the Motor Sports Association as required by its General Regulations for governing motor sport, with other MSA Registered Clubs, with medical personnel, or any other person if we have to comply with a legal obligation. We may also share your information with service providers, for example to print programmes.
Our website
When you use our club website we may collect information about you, in particular your IP (Internet Protocol) address, by using cookies. We use this information to improve your web experience. Cookies help us to recognise you when you return to the website, and they may also help you to login securely to our web-based services, including on line entry and payment. For more detail about how we use cookies please go to our Cookie Policy.
The club website might contain links to other websites such as online entry and payment sites, partners, and advertisers. If you follow links to other website’s please review the privacy policy for each site because we are not responsible for information you share on those sites.
Security for your information
Your information is held securely by us. We have taken all reasonable steps, and have in place appropriate security measures, to protect your information. Your information is not transferred outside the European Economic Area.
Shenstone & District Car Club ( SDCC)
CCTV Policy for Curborough Sprint Course
CCTV System Overview
SDCC have installed a CCTV camera that can view and record activity at Curborough Sprint Course. The system is owned and managed by SDCC and can only view the Curborough course and associated parking areas and can’t view outside the circuit boundaries.
Signs are placed at the circuit entrances to inform visitors that CCTV is in operation.
The system is used to monitor circuit usage and for crime prevention.
A data protection impact has been undertaken and the system complies with the general data protection regulations.
CCTV Usage
Relevant and appropriate SDCC committee members have access to the system.
Images will be kept for a maximum of 30 days. Images can be downloaded if required for longer retention to satisfy GDPR subject access requests and police requests.
Access requests by individuals for images relating to themselves a “Subject Access Request” should be emailed to admin@curborough.co.uk   and proof of identity will be required.
Any requests from the police will be responded to.
Images recorded are the property and copyright of SDCC.
Other than those requirements identified previously, images will not be given to any third-party
This policy was last updated June 2019.
Your rights
You may ask us not to process your information for marketing purposes.
You are entitled to a copy of the information we hold about you, and to ask us to correct any inaccuracies.
You may ask us to stop using your information, and to delete it, although we may maintain a skeleton set of your information. If you ask us to do this we will not be able to continue our contract with you.
You may make a complaint to the Information Commissioner (ico.org.uk).
This privacy notice was last updated on 13th July 2019 and any updates will be published on our website www.curborough.co.uk.
Scroll To Top