https://www.chebucto.ns.ca/Policy/website_terms_of_use.shtml
Help
|
News
|
Contact Us
Chebucto Community
Net
Chebucto Web Site Terms of Use
Home
>>
Policy Committee
>> Web Site Terms of Use
Serving Your Community's Online Needs Since 1994.
Chebucto Community Net
Web Site Terms of Use
This web site is provided by Chebucto Community Net and may be
used for informational purposes only. By accessing the web site or
downloading data from the web site, you agree to abide by these terms and
conditions. If you do not agree to abide by these terms and conditions do
not use the web site or download data from the web site.
Chebucto Community Net authorizes you to view and download the
data at this web site only for your own personal, non-commercial use. This
authorization is not a transfer of title in any of this data. Subject to
the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, Chebucto Community
Net grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited right to access
and use this web site and the data thereon. You agree to respect our
intellectual property rights and further agree not to interrupt or attempt
to interrupt the operation of the web site in any way.
All data on this web site is provided on an as-is basis with
no warranty of any kind. Access and use of the Chebucto Community Net web
site is at the sole risk of the user. Chebucto Community Net shall have
the right for any reason, in its sole discretion, to terminate, change,
suspend or discontinue any aspect of the web site, including but not
limited to content, features, or hours of availability. Chebucto Community
Net may also impose limits on certain features and services or restrict
your access to parts or all of the web site without notice or liability.
Chebucto Community Net is not responsible for the content of any third
party web site that is linked to from the Chebucto Community Net web site.
Chebucto Community Net reserves the right, at its sole
discretion, to change, modify, add or remove any portion of this Agreement
in whole or in part, at any time. Changes in this Agreement will take
effect upon being posted upon the Chebucto Community Net web site or on
the date stated in the Agreement, if a date is so stated. Your continued
use of the web site after any changes to this Agreement are posted will be
considered acceptance of those changes.
Any personally identifiable information you may provide to
Chebucto Community Net via this web site is protected by the Chebucto
Community Net Privacy Policy. The Chebucto Community Net Privacy Policy
can be found at:
http://www.chebucto.ns.ca/Policy/privacy.shtml
Use Chebucto's
Secure Webmail!
Chebucto Username
Mail Password
Set Spam Filter Preferences
Join Here!
Get your own Chebucto account
Chebucto Services
Look here for our available services and prices!
Accounts for individuals, families, non-profit groups and small
businesses!
Message @ChebuctoCommNet
Secure Online Payment
for Donations/
Membership Renewals
Donate Bitcoins Here!
About Us
Help promote us!
Who we are, what we do and how you can help
Chebucto Plus
Our Premium Internet Access
Our Community-Run
Non-Profit Highspeed Access
How to find us!
Our Message of the
Day
Our
Latest News!
Halifax
News
and Events
Halifax Region N.S. ProvincialCommunity
Resourcesand Services
TheChebucto Neighbourhood
More than 200 Groups, Organizations and Businesses
hosted by Chebucto
By Alphabet    By Subject
The CCN Beacon Our Newsletter
Chebucto Photo Gallery
Chebucto Community Net
Our Privacy Policy
Our Web Site Terms of Use