https://www.americanhorsepubs.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Thank you for visiting American Horse Publications. As a guest to our site, your privacy is important to us. Following are our online information practices and the way your information is collected and used at this site.
This site is owned and operated by American Horse Publications. This website is offered to the user on the condition that the user accepts without modification the terms, conditions, and notices contained herein. By accessing and using the website, the user agrees to the following terms:
This website contains material which is derived in whole or in part from material supplied by American Horse Publications and other sources and is protected by copyright and trademark laws. The site is for your personal use and you may not modify, copy, sell, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, or license any material from this site, including code or software.
The user acknowledged that bulletin boards, chats, conferences, guest books, and any other form of communication hosted by this website are public and not private communications. The content of these communication forums by yourself and others are not to be considered an endorsement by American Horse Publications, and shall not be considered reviewed, screened, or approved by American Horse Publications.
All comments, guest book entries, suggestions, ideas, notes, or information disclosed or offered to or in response to American Horse Publications through this website shall remain the property of American Horse Publications. By utilizing this website as a vehicle for communication, you grant American Horse Publications a royalty-free, perpetual, non-exclusive, unrestricted licenses to use any comments for any purpose, commercial or otherwise, without compensation to the author or provider of the comments.
Information Collection and Use
On www.americanhorsepubs.org, members may pay for services, including membership dues, awards contest fees, seminar registration, other program fees, and list contact information. The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected via one or more of these vehicles include name, mailing address, e-mail address, telephone number, fax number, URL address, business description, demographics, and credit card information.
American Horse Publications may also collect certain non-personally identifiable information when you visit our web pages such as the type of operating system you are using (e.g., WindowsXP, Macintosh OS), the type of browser you are using (e.g., Internet Explorer, Netscape), and the domain name of your Internet service provider (e.g., America Online, MSN).
American Horse Publications members may receive occasional updates about new features and special offers from www.americanhorsepubs.org, its affiliates, and selected partners.
American Horse Publications, Inc. is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent your e-mail address to other parties in any way other than what is disclosed in this privacy statement.
Copyright and Trademark Notice
All contents of this website are Copyright © 2019, American Horse Publications. All rights reserved.
American Horse Publications, its logo, and its programs and products are trademarks, registered trademarks, or service marks of American Horse Publications.
The American Horse Publications Member List is the property of the American Horse Publications, which holds the copyright to the list and which will exercise the full rights of a copyright holder and property owner under federal and state law in the event of misuse. The list and its contents, in whole or in part, may not be reproduced, copied in any fashion, disseminated, entered into a computer database, used to generate a mailing list, or otherwise used in any form or fashion except for an individual American Horse Publications member’s personal reference. The list is not intended, nor should be used by AHP members or non-members, as a marketing or solicitation tool. The American Horse Publications does not sell or rent the list to outside parties, and any such use is unauthorized. The list is maintained solely for the personal use of the organization’s members, and any unauthorized use may subject the user to financial and/or legal penalties.
Applicable Laws
As a visitor of www.americanhorsepubs.org, you shall abide by all applicable federal, state or local laws, including, but not limited to, areas such as libel, slander, indecency, trade libel, products disparagement, harassment, invasion of privacy, obscenity, indecency, and copyright and trademark infringement.
Information on this website includes Intellectual Property that is protected under copyright, trademark, and other intellectual property laws of the United States. These applicable laws generally prohibit the unauthorized reproduction, distribution, or exhibition of all text, photographic and graphic (art and electronic) images; music, sound, and video sample; and other protected materials. Violation of applicable Intellectual Property laws may give rise to civil and/or criminal penalties.
Collection of Information by Third-Party Sites and Sponsors
This site may contain links to other sites whose information practices may be different than ours. Visitors should consult the privacy notices of these other sites as we have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties.
This site may offer contests, sweepstakes, or promotions that are sponsored by or co-sponsored with identified third parties. By virtue of their sponsorship, these third parties may obtain personally identifiable information that visitors voluntarily submit to participate in the contest, sweepstakes, or promotion. This site has no control over the third-party sponsors’ use of this information.
Cookies
To enhance your experience on American Horse Publications, our web pages may use “cookies.” Cookies are text files we place in your computer’s browser to store your preferences. Cookies, by themselves, do not tell us your e-mail address or other personally identifiable information unless you choose to provide this information to us by, for example, registering atwww.americanhorsepubs.org. However, once you choose to furnish the site with personally identifiable information, this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie.
We use cookies to understand site usage and to improve the content and offerings on our site.
Sharing
We will share aggregated demographic information with our members. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.
We may use a credit card processing company to bill users for services. These companies do not retain, share, store, or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
Security
This site takes every precaution to protect our users’ information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line.
When our registration/order forms ask users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry – SSL. While on a secure page, such as our payment form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to being unlocked (or open) when you are just ‘surfing’.
While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line. All of our users’ information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, a billing clerk or customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information.
If you have any questions about the security at our website, e-mail ahorsepubs@aol.com.
Correcting and Updating Personal Information
If a user’s personally identifiable information changes, or if a user no longer desires our service, we will endeavor to provide a way to correct, update or remove that user’s personal data provided to us.
Notification of Changes to This Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post a notification of such change on our home page. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users of such intentions via e-mail. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
If you feel that this company is not abiding by its posted privacy policy, please send an e-mail to ahorsepubs@aol.com.
Limitations of Liability
Use of www.americanhorsepubs.org is at the discretion of the user. Under no circumstances shall American Horse Publications, its officers, directors, employees, or agents be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, or consequential damages that may result from the use of, or the inability to use, American Horse Publications materials, including those consisting of this website. You specifically acknowledge and agree that American Horse Publications is not liable for any defamatory, offensive, or illegal content of any user. If you are dissatisfied with any American Horse Publications material, or with any of the American Horse Publications’ terms and conditions, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using or visiting the website.
Pages within this website may also contain links to other internet websites that are maintained by third parties and are not under the control, direct or indirect, of the American Horse Publications.Accordingly, American Horse Publications makes no representation or endorsement concerning the content of any third-party website, which you shall review “as is” and use at your own discretion.
Refund and Cancellation Policy
Membership dues may be cancelled for a full refund within 30 days of the receipt of payment without penalty. There are no refunds after 30 days.
Seminar registration may be cancelled for a full refund within 7 days of the event. There are no refunds after that date unless approved by American Horse Publications.
Awards Contest fees may be cancelled for a full refund and the entries withdrawn from the contest within 7 days after the deadline date. There are no refunds after 7 days unless approved by American Horse Publications.
Contact Information:
American Horse Publications
49 Spinnaker Circle
South Daytona, FL 32119
Phone: (386) 760-7743
Fax: (386) 760-7728
E-mail: ahorsepubs@aol.com
Search
Search for:
Search
Industry News
UofL Bestows Equine Entrepreneurship Award to Horsewoman, Educator, Equine Career Coach
Got the Grit? Apply Now!
Horse Owners Should Have Enough Hay For Winter
The Last Half of Pregnancy
Call for 2021 Horse Industry Directory Listings
IHSA Announces Results for the Inaugural Online Horse Show, Powered by DigitalHorseShow.com
World Champion Clay Smith to Welcome All 10 Win-A-Day Finalists for Exclusive Clinic
Premier Equestrian Announces Premier ProTex® is an Integral Component of The WEF Hi-Pro™ Footing Surface Used at The Palm Beach International Equestrian Center for the 2021 Winter Equestrian Festival
Holiday Special 2 for Price of 1 Online Course Sale
FREE Equine Behaviour & Safety Online Course Offered to Kids Around the World!
more news...Exclusive Member Benefits AHP member benefits can help increase awareness and recognition of your equine brand, whether it’s a print or online publication, a professional media service, or an equine-related business.
Access to the online member directory listings for building your contacts in the equine industry
Equine industry press release service for distribution to over 600 AHP members and staff with added exposure via the AHP Newsgroup
The Inside Track, AHP’s quarterly eNewsletter provides media industry news you can use to advance your professional career and keep you updated on the member community and association events
AHP CareerTrack, an online job bank for AHP members to list and search for available jobs and opportunities in the equine industry
The AHP Equine Media Conference is one of the most affordable conferences available in the publishing industry and is a can’t miss event for networking and professional development.
On demand virtual learning with the AHP Webinar and Ask the Expert series available first to members. These series provide education on a variety of topics relative to the equine media industry for continued learning throughout the year.
Member eligibility to submit entries in the annual AHP Equine Media Awards that recognizes excellence in over 50 categories in print and online and provides a judge’s critique for every entry
Click here for full list of member benefits.