https://www.fagowees.org/privacy-policy-terms-of-use/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Website Privacy Policy and Terms of Use for the Website
Privacy Policy & Terms of UseCFadmin2018-11-02T12:29:46-04:00
Privacy Policy & Terms of UseAll information or images disseminated from this website are for the sole purpose of exploiting the fun and camaraderie shared at Fagowee events.
No actions or thoughts about privacy protection have been taken, nor will be in the future.
By attending Fagowee events, you actfully and woefully forfeit your rights to privacy. Every effort has been made to capture the organizers and participants in embarrassing situations.
No legal action can be taken against the organizers or their affiliates to prevent this blatant lack of respect for your privacy.
Fagowees operate under one simple philosophy, “what happens at Fagowee events, stays at Fagowee events”, (unless of course it is captured on film).
Fagowees cannot and will not provide any warranty about the accuracy or source of information or pictures found on this site and cannot be held responsible for any consequences of the use of the aforementioned information.
Actually, the lawyers have reviewed the above and here is the real website privacy policy and terms of use for the website.Information Collection & UseThe Cleveland Fagowees are the sole owners of the information collected on this website. We only collect Personally Identifiable Information (PII) from our users if it is specifically provided by the user through Gold Pass sign up form, Event Registration or an e-mail message.
We do not collect or share PII with Third Parties except as noted in our Club Registration form.
Pictures taken at the EventMany pictures are taken at our ski and social events and may be uploaded to this website. If anyone objects to having their pictures displayed online, we will remove them upon receiving a written request by the persons pictured. The webmaster keeps a log of objections to pictures. This log will not be made available to any third party nor the general Fagowee membership.
Legal DisclaimerWe reserve the right to disclose your PII as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and /or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Web site.
Log FilesAs is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track user’s movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We do not link this automatically-collected data to PII.
CookiesA cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s computer for record-keeping purposes. We do not use cookies on this site.
Links to Other SitesThis website contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by the Cleveland Fagowees. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information.
This privacy statement applies only to information collected by this website.
Changes in this Privacy StatementIf we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, or by means of a notice on our home page.
Contact UsIf you have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us.
Upcoming Events
Tue
29
Happy Hour ?Tuesday?
December 29 @ 4:00 pm - 10:00 pm
Jan
23
2021 WEST BASH – Telluride
January 23, 2021 - January 30, 2021
View More…
Year-Round ActivitiesWe have numerous activities through out the year divided into three major categories: Winter, Summer, and Social. Click on an area of interest to find out more. We are always open to new ideas! Join us!
Winter FunSummer FunSocial
VFW Post 1974 | 4305 Woodrow Avenue | Parma, OH 44134
© Copyright 2019 Cleveland FaGowees | All Rights Reserved | View Sitemap | Web Design by ADVAN
FacebookEmailMeetup
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.OkPrivacy Policy
Go to Top