http://www.cycle2max.com/privacy-policy.aspx
Home
Forum
Marketplace
News
Hill Climbs
Circuits
Events
Great Rides
ArticlesBetting on Cycling
Advertise
About
Member Login -
Email:
Password:
Remember Me
Forgot Password  |  Not a member?  Sign up here
Marketplace
All Bikes On Sale!!!
Price: 5600 USD
Seller: Scott Allen
Miche shimano compatible cassette
Price: 50.00
Seller: kerianne Parfitt
Bikerack
Price: $100 AUS
Seller: Kevin G Clark
Samsung Galaxy Note 5
Price: 300
Seller: mohammed salam
For Sales:Apple Iphone 6/6 plus/5S/5C,Samsung Gala
Price: 300
Seller: grech grech
View More »
Cycle2max’s Privacy Policy
Cycle2max’s Privacy Policy is
designed to help you understand how we collect and use the personal information
you decide to share, and help you make informed decisions when using Cycle2max,
located at www.Cycle2max.com, www.Cycle2max.com.au  and its directly associated domains
(collectively, "Cycle2max" or "Website")
By using or accessing
Cycle2max, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
This privacy statement covers
the site www.Cycle2max.com and its directly associated domains. Because this
Web site wants to demonstrate its commitment to your privacy.
If you have questions or
concerns regarding this statement, you should first contact our privacy staff
at admin@Cycle2max.com .
The Information We Collect
When you visit Cycle2max you
provide us with two types of information: personal information you knowingly
choose to disclose that is collected by us and Web Site use information
collected by us as you interact with our Web Site.
When you register with
Cycle2max, you provide us with certain personal information, such as your name,
your email address, your telephone number, your address, your gender, any other
personal or preference information that you provide to us.
In addition, we store certain
information from your browser using "cookies." A cookie is a piece of
data stored on the user's computer tied to information about the user. We use
session ID cookies to confirm that users are logged in. These cookies terminate
once the user closes the browser. By default, we use a persistent cookie that
stores your login ID (but not your password) to make it easier for you to login
when you come back to Cycle2max. You can remove or block this cookie using the
settings in your browser if you want to disable this convenience feature.
When you use Cycle2max, you
may set up your personal profile and transmit information through various channels.
We collect this information so that we can provide you the service and offer
personalized features. In most cases, we retain it so that, for instance, you
can return to view courses you have created, forum posts, hill climb and
circuit times you have posted. When you update information, we usually keep a
backup copy of the prior version for a reasonable period of time to enable
reversion to the prior version of that information.
You post User Content (as
defined in the Cycle2max Terms of
Use) on the Site at your own risk. Although we allow you to set privacy options
that limit access to certain areas of your pages, please be aware that no
security measures are perfect or impenetrable. We cannot control the actions of
other Users. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that User Content you
post on the Site will not be viewed by unauthorized persons. We are not
responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures
contained on the Site. You understand and acknowledge that, even after removal,
copies of User Content may remain viewable in cached and archived pages and
search engines or if other Users have copied or stored your User Content.
Any improper collection or
misuse of information provided on Cycle2max is a violation of the Cycle2max
Terms of Service and should be reported to admin@Cycle2max.com.
If you choose to use our
invitation service to tell a friend about our site, we will ask you for
information needed to send the invitation, such as your friend's email address.
We will automatically send your friend a one-time email or instant message
inviting him or her to visit the site. Cycle2max stores this information to
send this one-time invitation, to register a friend connection if your
invitation is accepted, and to track the success of our referral program. Your
friend may contact us at admin@Cycle2max.com to request that
we remove this information from our database.
By using Cycle2max, you are
consenting to have your personal data transferred to and processed in Australia.
Children Under Age 15
Cycle2max does not knowingly
collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or
knowingly allow such persons to register. If you are under 13, please do not
attempt to register for Cycle2max or send any information about yourself to us,
including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under
age 13 may provide any personal information to or on Cycle2max. In the event
that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under
age 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that
information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any
information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at admin@Cycle2max.com.
Children Between the Ages of 15 and 18
We recommend that minors over
the age of 15 ask their parents for permission before sending any information
about themselves to anyone over the Internet.
Use of Information Obtained by Cycle2max
When you register with
Cycle2max, you create your own profile. Your profile information, as well as
your name and photo, are displayed to people to enable you to connect with
people on Cycle2max. We may occasionally use your name and email address to
send you notifications regarding new services offered by Cycle2max that we
think you may find valuable.
Profile information is used by
Cycle2max primarily to be presented back to and edited by you when you access
the service and to be presented to others to view that information. In some
cases where your privacy settings permit it (e.g., posting to your ride times),
other Cycle2max users may be able to supplement your profile.
Profile information you submit
to Cycle2max will be available to both users of Cycle2max and the general
public. Your name, nick names, and profile picture thumbnail will be available
in search results across the Cycle2max network and may be made available to
third party search engines. People who see your name in searches are able to
access all your profile information except your individual ride times if you
have set them to private. If you are sensitive about any personal information
please do not put this information on your Cycle2max profile as it will be
visible for others to see.
Cycle2max may send you
service-related announcements from time to time through the general operation
of the service. For instance, if a forum topic you have participated in is
updated, you may receive an email alerting you to that fact.
Generally, you may opt out of
such emails, though Cycle2max reserves the right to send you notices about your
account even if you opt out of all voluntary email notifications.
Sharing Your Information with Third Parties
Cycle2max is about sharing
information with others both in the Cycling community and general public - while providing you with privacy settings that restrict other users from
accessing your ride times. It is up to you to make informed choices about what
other information you provide. We do not provide contact information to third
party marketers without your permission. We share your information with third
parties only in limited circumstances where we believe such sharing is 1)
reasonably necessary to offer the service, 2) legally required or, 3) permitted
by you. For example:
We
may provide information to service providers to help us bring you the
services we offer. Specifically, we may use third parties to facilitate
our business, such as to host the service at a co-location facility for
servers, to send out email updates about Cycle2max, to remove repetitive
information from our user lists, to process payments for products or
services, to offer an online job application process, or to provide search
results or links (including sponsored links). In connection with these
offerings and business operations, our service providers may have access
to your personal information for use for a limited time in connection with
these business activities. Where we utilize third parties for the
processing of any personal information, we implement reasonable
contractual and technical protections limiting the use of that information
to the Cycle2max-specified purposes.
We
occasionally provide demonstration accounts that allow non-users a glimpse
into the Cycle2max world. Such accounts have only limited capabilities and
passwords are changed regularly to limit possible misuse.
We
may be required to disclose user information pursuant to lawful requests,
such as subpoenas or court orders, or in compliance with applicable laws.
We do not reveal information until we have a good faith belief that an
information request by law enforcement or private litigants meets
applicable legal standards. Additionally, we may share account or other
information when we believe it is necessary to comply with law, to protect
our interests or property, to prevent fraud or other illegal activity
perpetrated through the Cycle2max service or using the Cycle2max name, or
to prevent imminent bodily harm. This may include sharing information with
other companies, lawyers, agents or government agencies.
We
may provide services jointly with other companies on Cycle2max. You can
tell when another company is involved in any service provided on
Cycle2max, and we may share customer information with that company in
connection with your use of that store or service.
Like
many other websites that interact with third party sites, we may receive
some information even if you are logged out from Cycle2max, or that
pertains to non-Cycle2max users, from those sites in conjunction with the
technical operation of the system. In cases where Cycle2max receives
information on users that are not logged in, or on non-Cycle2max users, we
do not attempt to associate it with individual Cycle2max accounts and will
discard it.
If
the ownership of all or substantially all of the Cycle2max business, or
individual business units owned by Cycle2max Pty Ltd were to change, your
user information may be transferred to the new owner so the service can
continue operations. In any such transfer of information, your user
information would remain subject to the promises made in any pre-existing
Privacy Policy.
When you use Cycle2max,
certain information you post or share with third parties e.g. members of the
Cycle2max community or the general public, such as personal information,
comments, photos, videos, marketplace listings or other information, may be
shared with other users. All such sharing of information is done at your own
risk. Please keep in mind that if you disclose personal information in your
profile or when posting comments, photos, videos, Marketplace listings or other
items , this information may become publicly available.
Links
Cycle2max may contain links to
other websites. We are of course not responsible for the privacy practices of
other web sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site to
read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally
identifiable information. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information
collected by Cycle2max.
Third Party Advertising
Advertisements that appear on
Cycle2max are sometimes delivered (or "served") directly to users by
third party advertisers. They automatically receive your IP address when this
happens. These third party advertisers may also download cookies to your
computer, or use other technologies such as JavaScript and "web
beacons" (also known as "1x1 gifs") to measure the effectiveness
of their ads and to personalize advertising content. Doing this allows the
advertising network to recognize your computer each time they send you an
advertisement in order to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to
personalize advertising content. In this way, they may compile information
about where individuals using your computer or browser saw their advertisements
and determine which advertisements are clicked. Cycle2max does not have access
to or control of the cookies that may be placed by the third party advertisers.
Third party advertisers have no access to your contact information stored on
Cycle2max unless you choose to share it with them.
This privacy policy covers the
use of cookies by Cycle2max and does not cover the use of cookies or other
tracking technologies by any of its advertisers.
Changing or Removing Information
Access and control over most
personal information on Cycle2max is readily available through the profile
editing tools. Cycle2max users may modify or delete any of their profile
information at any time by logging into their account. Information will be
updated immediately. Individuals who wish to deactivate their Cycle2max account
may do so by contacting admin@Cycle2max.com and requesting their account be removed. Removed information may persist in
backup copies for a reasonable period of time but will not be generally
available to members of Cycle2max or the general public.
Where you make use of the
communication features of the service to share information with other
individuals on Cycle2max, however, such as commenting on posted times and forum
topics, you generally cannot remove such communications.
Security
Cycle2max takes appropriate
precautions to protect our users' information. Your account information is
located on a secured server behind a firewall. When you enter sensitive
information (such as credit card number or your password), we encrypt that
information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). (To learn more about
SSL, go to http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Secure_Sockets_Layer).
Because email and instant messaging are not recognized as secure
communications, we request that you not send private information to us by email
or instant messaging services. If you have any questions about the security of
Cycle2max Web Site, please contact us at admin@Cycle2max.com
Terms of Use, Notices and Revisions
Your use of Cycle2max, and any
disputes arising from it, is subject to this Privacy Policy as well as our
Terms of Use and all of its dispute resolution provisions including
arbitration, limitation on damages and choice of law. We reserve the right to
change our Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use at any time. Non-material
changes and clarifications will take effect immediately, and material changes
will take effect within 30 days of their posting on this site. If we make
changes, we will post them and will indicate at the top of this page the
policy's new effective date. If we make material changes to this policy, we
will notify you here, by email, or through notice on our home page. We
encourage you to refer to this policy on an ongoing basis so that you
understand our current privacy policy. Unless stated otherwise, our current
privacy policy applies to all information that we have about you and your
account.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions
about this privacy policy, please contact us at admin@Cycle2max.com . You may also contact us by mail at P0 Box 10039 Adelaide BC, South Australia 5000.
Copyright © 2017 Cycle2max |
About c2m |
Terms & Conditions |
Privacy Policy |
Web Design by DBG Technologies