https://www.greenchimneys.org/privacy-policy/
Home > Privacy PolicyPrivacy PolicyPrivacy PolicyThank you for visiting the Green Chimneys website. We respect your privacy and want you to understand the kind of information collected on our site, how we use that information, how the information is protected and the choices you have in submitting your information.Do I have to submit any personal information when I visit the Green Chimneys website?No. You don’t need to give us any identifying information about yourself in order to access most of the Green Chimneys site. You can visit our pages and learn about our programs and services without sharing any personal information.Does Green Chimneys collect any non-personal information from its website visitors?Yes. Whenever you access the Green Chimneys website to read or download information, certain non-identifying information is collected from you. This information includes the number assigned to your computer whenever you access the internet (your “IP address”), the name of the domain from which you access the internet (i.e. yahoo.com), the time and date you access our site, the web pages you accessed, and the internet address of the website from which you linked to our website.None of this non-personal information allows us to identify or contact you. We use this information to evaluate how our site is being used so we can better serve our visitors. By gathering this information, we can learn, among other things, how many people visit www.greenchimneys.org, which pages are most and least popular, and which other websites are the most frequent referral sources for the Green Chimneys website. We use this information to make our web pages more useful to our visitors. We may also use the information to direct general marketing strategies, but will not market to you individually.When does Green Chimneys collect personal information from its visitors?If you decide to take advantage of some of our online services, we may collect from you certain identifying information. For example, if you sign up to receive our monthly e-newsletter, register for an event online, order a product or publication, complete an online survey, or use any of our other interactive forms, you will be asked for your name, address, email address and perhaps other personal information. Please remember that you can always choose not to participate in services requiring the submission of such information.How might Green Chimneys use the personal information that is collected?The information we collect is used to improve the content of our site, to send out mailings with information on new products and services or upcoming events, and to contact consumers for marketing purposes. We do not share this information with other organizations, except for the purpose of communicating about Green Chimneys.From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our website periodically.How does Green Chimneys protect security and confidentiality?To protect your privacy, we use technologies and processes such as encryption, access control procedures, network firewalls, physical security and other measures. In addition, we allow only authorized employees or agents access to personal information. Although we cannot guarantee there will be no unauthorized access to personal information, these measures increase the security and privacy of information traveling to, from and within www.greenchimneys.org.Who can I contact with privacy questions?If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy, please contact us at the address, phone or email listed below.Will this privacy policy change?If Green Chimneys makes any changes to this policy, we will post them on this page. Because we will post changes without notice, please check back here periodically.How does Green Chimneys protect the privacy of children?Green Chimneys is very concerned about the privacy of any children who might visit our website. We will not knowingly collect or maintain any personal information about children without first getting parental consent. If we are notified that we have inadvertently collected personal information about any child, we will immediately delete that information from our database. Please contact us if you are aware of information being provided by a child.If you have any questions, comments or concerns regarding this website, please contact us at:Web Administrator Green Chimneys 400 Doansburg Road, Box 719 Brewster, NY 10509 Tel: 845.279.2995 Email: info@greenchimneys.orgPrivacy Policy Meet Our Animals The Barn OwlThe barn owl (Tyto alba) is the most widely distributed species of owl and one of the most widespread of all birds. It is also referred to as the common barn owl, to distinguish it from other species in its family, Tytonidae, which forms one of the two main lineages of living owls. Tyto alba literally means \”white owl\”. The barn owl is found almost everywhere in the world except polar and desert regions. Close Search Overlay