https://www.hollywoodbowl.co.uk/terms-conditions
Booknow
Quick book
Ashford
Basildon
Basingstoke
Birmingham (Broadway Plaza)
Birmingham (Rubery)
Bolton
Bournemouth (Branksome)
Bracknell
Bradford
Brighton
Bristol (Cribbs Causeway)
Bristol (Longwell Green)
Bury
Cardiff
Carlisle
Cheltenham
Crawley
Cwmbran
Dagenham
Derby
Eastleigh
Glasgow (Coatbridge)
Glasgow (Springfield Quay)
High Wycombe
Hull
Lakeside
Leeds
Leicester
Liverpool
London (At The O2)
London (Finchley)
London (Surrey Quays)
London (Tolworth)
Maidstone
Manchester
Milton Keynes
Norwich
Oxford
Peterborough
Poole (Tower Park)
Portsmouth
Rochester
Sheffield
Shrewsbury
Southampton
Stevenage
Stirling
Stockton
Taunton
Torquay
Tunbridge Wells
Washington
Watford (Intu)
Watford (Woodside)
Wellingborough
Wigan
Wolverhampton (Bentley Bridge)
Worthing
Yeovil
York
Morning
Afternoon
Evening
Adults
Juniors
Done
6 people max
Games
Done
3 games max
Go!
Please complete all fields
Gift vouchers
Terms and conditions
Last updated: November 2020
Centre Guidelines
1
Here at The Original Bowling Company we want you to have as much fun as possible while you are here with us, but your safety is always extremely important to us too, so please read our centre guidelines carefully.
In the light of the current COVID-19 situation, by entering our centres you (and all members of your group) agree to abide by Government guidelines on social distancing at all times and maintain a safe distance between yourself and other customers, and our team members. Please see our "Have Fun - Play Safe" guide for further details.
Please ensure that all young children are supervised at all times, and ensure that they do not run around the centre as this could cause injury. Adults in the group should also make sure children are given the following guidance:
· Do not place your hand inside the ball return at any time. Wait until the ball has returned fully onto the rack, if a ball does not return fully please ask a member of our team to assist you.
· Whilst you are waiting to bowl, please do not touch the balls that are on the rack as your fingers could become trapped when the ball returns.
· Do not step over the black line at the start of the lane surface, our lanes are coated with a special oil varnish to protect them and the surface is really slippery.
· Never go near the bowling machine at the end of the lane, if your ball gets stuck please call a member of our team.
· Should you notice any slippery surface or spill a drink yourself, please call over one of our team members who will be happy to help.
· Pick up the balls carefully and hold with both hands. Children should use the lightweight balls, if a heavy ball falls onto your toes this hurts a lot!
Please also be aware of the following:
We accept no responsibility for any personal property that is brought to a bowling centre.
We reserve the right to refuse admission to any AMF Bowling and Hollywood Bowl centre should you breach any of The Original Bowling Company's General Admission Policy terms or these Terms and we may on occasions have to conduct security searches to ensure your safety.
We prefer everyone (including children) to bowl in their own shoes at our centres - please ensure they are a safe, flat soled and non-marking shoe.
Virtual Reality experiences (selected centres only)
Safety Rules & Disclaimer for VR experiences
Children under the age of 15 are not permitted to engage in ‘Hospital Escape Terror VR’. All other VR Experiences will be a minimum age limit of 10.
Guests with the following conditions should refrain from engaging in the VR experiences: pregnant, motion sickness, under the influence of alcohol, physical ailments or any other condition that may be aggravated by VR activities.
A portion of the VR experiences will require participants to stand while engaging. To ensure safety, please do not participate in clothes and shoes that may hinder movement such as sandals, open toe shoes or high heels.
Wearing glasses with the VR goggles is permitted, however, depending on size and shape; certain glasses may not fit into the VR goggles. It is recommended to use contact lenses where possible.
We assume no responsibility for damage done to glasses and ask participants to use caution when wearing glasses. In addition, using bifocal contact lenses/glasses may affect the VR experience.
Players may experience eye fatigue, dizziness, loss of balance, nausea, motion sickness like symptoms etc. If you start to feel sick or any other abnormalities, stop use immediately and rest until you have recovered.
In addition, the above symptoms may occur after your VR experience. In this case, please rest until you have fully recovered.
Covid-19 Government Group Restrictions
1
UK Government Covid-19 local tier classifications and other relevant restrictions apply to the booking of all of our products, promotions and packages, specifically relating to the make-up of your group.
If you make a booking and the local restrictions subsequently change (which means that you can no longer bowl with your original group), then you will be able to cancel or amend your booking with us.
Please check Government websites for the latest information:
English centres - www.gov.uk/coronavirus
Tier 1 areas: Groups of up to 6 people from multiple households
can visit our centres together
Tier 2 areas: Groups of up to 6 people from a single household or support bubble can visit our centres together. Please note - alcoholic drinks can only be served with a meal in Tier 2 areas.
Tier 3 areas: Our Bowling centres would be closed along with the majority of hospitality
Scottish centres - www.gov.scot/coronavirus-covid-19
Tier 0 areas: Groups of up to 8 people from up to three households can visit our centres together
Tier 1 areas: Groups of up to 6 people from up to two households can visit our centres together
Tier 2 areas: Our Bowling centres would be closed with some of hospitality
Tier 3 areas: Our Bowling centres would be closed along with much of hospitality, with some restaurants open
Tier 4 areas: Our Bowling centres would be closed, full lockdown with people allowed to meet outdoors including for exercise
Welsh centres - www.gov.wales/coronavirus-regulations-guidance
There will be table service only
Test and trace is mandatory - you must provide details to enter
Mixed households can meet as a group of a maximum of 4 people (children under the age of 11 are not included within the 4) More than 4 people can meet if you live in the same household - you may have to prove you're from the same householdProof of a Welsh residential address must be provided upon entry, this can be printed or digital, e.g. a driving licence, utility bill or passport
Terms of Use
1
Welcome
1.1 Welcome to the Hollywood Bowl and AMF Bowling websites at www.hollywoodbowl.co.uk and www.amfbowling.co.uk (“websites”)
1.2 The websites are operated by The Original Bowling Company Limited (“we”, “us”, “our”). Our registered office is Focus 31 West Wing, Cleveland Road, Hemel Hempstead, Herts, HP2 7BW and our registered company number is 05163827. Our VAT registration number is 845542123.
1.3 Access to and use of our Websites are subject to the terms and conditions set out on this page (“Terms of Use”), as well as our Privacy Policy and our Cookie Policy.
1.4 By accessing our Websites you agree to Terms of Use. If you have any questions about them, please contact our customer services team, who will be very happy to help. Contact details appear at the end of these Terms of Use.
1.5 If you book a lane at one of our bowling centres or purchase any other products or services from us, your booking and other purchases will be subject to our Terms of Sale.
2 OUR TERMS OF USE
2.1 Please ensure that you have read and understood our Terms of Use, our Privacy Policy and our Cookie Policy. We recommend that you save and/or print a copy for future reference.
2.2 From time to time, we may vary our Terms of Use. The revised Terms of Use will be available on our Websites. Please check back regularly to ensure you are made aware of any variations we may make. If you continue to use our Websites after we make any changes, you will be deemed to have accepted any variations in our Terms of Use. If you do not agree with such variations, we ask you not to use our Websites. There Terms of use were last updated on the date stated at the top of this page.
3 ACCURACY AND AVAILABILITY OF OUR WEBSITES
3.1 We do our best to make sure that our Websites our accurate, up-to-date and free from bugs, but we cannot promise that is will be and you are responsible for putting in place your own internet security and safety measures.
3.2 Our Websites are provided free of charge and has not been developed to meet your specific requirements. We cannot promise that it will be fit or suitable for your specific purposes.
3.3 Materials posted on our Websites are provided from general information purposes only and to inform you about us and our news, features, products and services. This information is not intended as any form of advice and should not be relied on as such. Any reliance that you may place on the information on this Website is at your own risk.
3.4 Access to our Websites is permitted on a temporary basis and we reserve the right to suspend or terminate access to any part of it at any time without notice.
3.5 We update our Websites regularly and reserve the right to add, remove and otherwise change its content at any time without notice.
3.6 All images and videos used on our Website and emails are for illustrative purposes only. Food and drink products may differ than the images displayed.
4 ACCESS TO OUR WEBSITES
4.1 You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary to access our Websites (and for any costs of doing so). In particular, you are responsible for ensuring that your computer and/or portable device is compatible with our Websites.
4.2 Our websites are intended for use only by those who can access it from within the United Kingdom. If you choose to access our Websites from locations outside the United Kingdom, you are responsible for compliance with local laws.
4.3 We want you and others to enjoy using our Websites. When doing so, we ask that you observe the following rules:
(a) You may only access our Websites for individual, personal and non-commercial use;
(b) You agree not to use our Websites for any illegal or unauthorised purpose and you agree to comply with all laws and regulations applicable to your use of our Websites, including copyright and other intellectual property laws;
(c) You must not attempt to restrict another user of our Websites from using or enjoying our Websites and you must not encourage others to beach our Terms of Use;
(d) You must not interfere with our Websites of any servers or networks connect to our Websites, including by transmitting any worms, viruses, malware, spyware or any other code of destructive, malicious or disruptive nature. You must not inject content or code or otherwise alter or interfere with the way any page of our Websites are rendered or displayed in a user’s browser or device;
(e) You must not change, modify or alter our Websites or change, modify or alter another websites so as to inaccurately imply an association with our Websites or with us;
(f) You must not access our Websites via a means we have not authorised in writing in advance, including automated devices, scripts, bots, spiders, crawlers or scrapers (except for standard search engine technologies); and
(g) You must not use, or cause others to use, any automated system or software to extract content or data from our Websites except where you or any applicable third party has entered into a written agreement with us that permits such activity.
4.4 If you breach any of our Terms of Use, or any of the other terms and policies referred to in our Terms of Use (including our Terms of Sale), your ability to access and use our Websites may be terminated by us immediately by giving written notice to you using the contact details you provide to us.
5 ACCESSING YOUR ACCOUNT
If you register for an account on our Websites, you will be required to select a user name and password and provide other personal information. Your account details are personal to you and you must keep such information confidential and not disclose them to any other person. We will be entitled to treat any action carried out through your account as being carried out by you. You must notify us immediately if you have reason to believe that your account details may have been compromised or used by any other person. We reserve the right to suspend or terminate your access to your account if any reason in our discretion.
6 ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
6.1 It is our policy to consider the access needs or persons with disabilities to the services and facilities we offer, to make reasonable adjustments to facilitate such needs and to provide appropriate training and information to relevant employees to ensure that these stated aims are met. We aim to:
(a) Be an outstanding provider of tenpin bowling and other leisure services to all our customers, offering excellent facilities, customer service and value to each and every visitor to our bowling centres;
(b) Recognise the diverse requirements of people with disabilities, aiming always to understand and need individual needs and provide help and guidance whenever it is required;
(c) Recognise the pleasure that those with disabilities obtain from bowling and the importance or making access as easy as possible
(d) Ensure our Websites contains details of all our bowling centres and services and is accessible for blind users via a standard “reader” programme;
(e) Provide relevant employees with appropriate training to ensure we meet needs of individuals with disabilities, so that customers with disabilities are treated no less favourably than other customers for a reason related to their disability; and
(f) Recognise the requirements of the Equality Act 2010 and ensure that reasonable adjustments are made to our bowling centres to ensure the removal of physical barriers to access to our services and facilities for all of our customers.
7 YOUR PRIVACY AND COOKIES
7.1 The privacy of your personal information is important to us. Any personal information that you provide to us will be dealt with in accordance with our Privacy Notice, which explains what personal information we collect from you, how and why we collect, store, use and share such information, your rights in relation to your personal information and how to contact us and supervisory authorities if you have a query or complaint about the use of your personal information.
7.2 Our Website also uses cookies and similar technologies. Some of these are necessary for the operation of our Website, some provide specific features and functionality and others are used to collect information to help us analyse how our Website is used. Please see our Cookie Policy for more details of how we use cookies and similar technologies.
8 OUR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
8.1 Our Websites and their contents are protected by certain rights, including registered and unregistered intellectual property rights (“Rights”). These rights belong either to us or to the licensors. We and our licensors expressly reserve all Rights in and to our Websites and their content. In particular, we reserve all Rights in the name “HOLLYWOOD BOWL”, AMF Bowling “THE ORIGINAL BOWLING COMPANY”, THE “HOLLYWOODBOWL.CO.UK” and AMF-BOWLING.CO.UK domain names and all related domain names, trade marks, logos, brand names and/or trading names appearing on our Websites. Nothing in these Terms grants you any legal rights in our Websites or its contents other than as necessary to enable you to access and use our Websites in accordance with these Terms of Use. The use of any trade marks on our Websites is strictly prohibited unless you have our prior written permission.
8.2 You may only view, print out, use, quote from and cite our Websites and its content for your own personal, non-commercial use on the condition that you give appropriate acknowledgment to us where appropriate and you do not remove our copyright or other proprietary notices.
9 OUR LIABILITY TO YOU
9.1 Consumers have certain legal rights when using our Websites. These are also known as “statutory rights” as they are derived from laws such as the Consumer Rights Act 2015. Nothing in these Terms of Use affects these rights. In particular, we do not exclude out liability for: (a) death or personal injury caused by negligence; (b) fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; or (c) any matter for which it would be illegal for us to limit or exclude our liability.
9.2 We will not be liable for any loss that is not caused by us or that was caused by any event or circumstance beyond our reasonable control.
9.3 Except as stated in clause 9.1: (a) we shall not be liable for any loss of profits or revenue, loss of anticipated savings, loss of or damage to data or loss of goodwill; and (b) our maximum liability to you in respect of any matter arising under or in connection with these Terms of Use is limited to the amounts you have paid to us.
9.4 Nothing in these Terms of Use affects our liability to you in respect of products or services that you purchase from us. If you have a lane booking at one of our bowling centres or you have purchased any other products or services from us, our liability to you in respect of your booking and/or any other purchase will be as set out in our Terms of Sale.
10 YOUR LIABILITY TO US
Any use by you of the Websites or its contents in a manner not expressly permitted by our Terms of Use may mean that you are infringing our Rights and/or the Rights of our licensors. We and our licensors reserve all rights and remedies available in respect of any such infringement. Please act responsibly and stick to the rules.
11 LINKING TO OUR WEBSITES
11.1 You may link to any page of our Websites, provided that you do so for non-commercial purposes and in a way that is fair and legal and which does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it. For the avoidance of doubt, the linking site must not contain any adult or illegal material or any material that is offensive, harassing or otherwise objectionable. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission at any time and without notice.
11.2 You must not link to our Websites in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists and you must not remove, obscure or modify in any way any advertisements, copyright notice, or other information on our Websites. Our Websites must not be framed on any other Websites.
12 THIRD PARTY WEBSITES & SERVICES
12.1 Our Websites may contain links to third party websites and services. If you decide to visit any third party websites or use a third party service, or purchase products from that third party, you do so at your own risk. It is your responsibility to satisfy yourself as to the reputation of such third parties and the services they offer. We are not responsible for the content, accuracy or opinions expressed on third party websites or services. Links that we make available do not imply that we are, or our Websites is, affiliated to or associated with such websites or services.
12.2 Your browsing and interaction on any other websites or your use of other services, including websites and services which have a link to our Websites are subject to that operator’s own rules and policies. In particular, third party websites will process your personal information in accordance with their own privacy notices. Please read all applicable third party policies and terms and conditions before proceeding.
13 GENERAL PROVISIONS & APPLICABLE LAW
13.1 You may not assign, sub-license or otherwise transfer any rights under our Terms of Use.
13.2 If any provision of our Terms of Use is found to be invalid for any reason, the invalidity of that provision will not affect the remaining provisions of out Terms of Use, which will remain in full force and effect.
13.3 If we fail to exercise any right or remedy under of our Terms of Use, our failure does not constitute a waiver of that right or remedy. Any waiver must be in writing and signed by us.
13.4 The laws of England and Wales will apply to our Terms of Use and your use of our Websites. The courts of England and Wales will have exclusive jurisdiction over any claim relating to our Websites or our Terms of Use, except that residents of Scotland and Northern Ireland may bring a claim in the courts of Scotland and Northern Ireland, respectively.
14 ENQUIRIES & COMPLAINTS
14.1 If you have an enquiry or complaint about our Websites, please contact our customer services team using our online enquiry form. We will try to answer your enquiry or resolve any complaint as soon as possible. You can also write to us at Focus 31 West Wing, Cleveland Road, Hemel Hempstead, Herts, HP2 7BW or call us on 01442 768760.
14.2 If you have an enquiry or complaint about a lane booking or any other purchase you have made from us, please refer to our Terms of Sale for details of how we can help.
Terms of Sale (online and telephone bookings)
1
These terms and conditions apply to lane bookings and other purchases made online through the Hollywood Bowl and AMF Bowling websites (www.hollywoodbowl.co.uk and www.amf-bowling.co.uk) or our centre telephone booking lines.
For bookings and purchases made at a Hollywood Bowl centre, you can find the applicable Terms of Sale in the next section.
We draw your attention in particular to clause 8, which explains how we limit our liability.
1 WELCOME
1.1 The Hollywood Bowl centres (“Centres”)and the Hollywood Bowl websites at www.hollywoodbowl.co.uk/and www.amf-bowling.co.uk (“Websites”) are owned and operated by The Original Bowling Company Limited (“we”, “us”, “our”). All products and services offered on the Websites and at our Centres are provided by us.
1.2 Our registered office is Focus 31 West Wing, Cleveland Road, Hemel Hempstead, Herts HP2 7BW and our registered company number is 05163827. Our VAT registration number is 845542123.
1.3 You can contact our customer services team using our online contact form. You can also write to us at The Original Bowling Company, Focus 31 West Wing, Cleveland Road, Hemel Hempstead, Herts HP2 7BW or call us on 01442 768760.
2 TERMS OF SALE
2.1 These terms of sale (“Terms of Sale”) apply to you when you use our Websites or our centre telephone booking lines (“Booking Lines”) to book a lane at one of our Centres (“Booking”) or to purchase Hollywood Bowl vouchers (“Vouchers”).
2.2 Other terms and policies that apply to you are our Privacy Notice, our Centre Guidelines and, when you use our Websites, our Terms of Use and our Cookie Policy. If there are any conflict between our Terms of Sale, our Centre Guidelines, our Terms of Use, our Privacy Notice and/or our Cookie Policy (collectively “Terms and Policies”), they shall prevail in that order.
2.3 Please read all our Terms and Policies carefully and make sure that you understand them before making a Booking or purchasing Vouchers. We recommend that you print a copy or save them to your computer for future reference.
2.4 If you would like our Terms and Policies in another format (for example: audio, large print, braille), please contact us using the contact details at the beginning of these Terms of Sale. Our Terms and Policies are only available in the English language.
3 PLACING ORDERS
3.1 You may order Vouchers and make Bookings using our Websites or Booking Lines (“Order”) if: (a) you are over 16 years old; (b) you possess a valid debit or credit card (or are authorised to pay via another of our accepted methods or payment); and (c) you are located in the United Kingdom at the time of your Order.3.2 Vouchers purchased through our Websites will be delivered as an e-voucher by email. If you require a physical voucher to be sent to you through the post, you must place your Order through our Booking Lines. Vouchers will only be delivered to the addresses in the United Kingdom. You can also purchase physical Vouchers in our Centres.
3.3 By placing an Order, you are making a request to purchase Vouchers or to make a Booking on the terms and conditions set out in these Terms of Sale. This does not mean that your request has been accepted by us and a contract between you and us will only be made once we have taken full payment for your Order and confirmed your Order in accordance with clause 3.4 below.
3.4 Once we receive your Order, we will process your payment and, if the payment is successful, we will communicate acceptance or your Order by sending you a confirmation email or, for Orders placed using our Booking Lines, by giving you an Order number over the telephone (“Confirmation”). Once you have received your Confirmation, a contract between us (“Contract”) will be made in relation to your Booking or Voucher purchase.
3.5 When placing an Order, please ensure you provide complete and accurate information. It is your responsibility to ensure that your Order is correct and accurately reflects your selection. If an Order is not correct in any way, please notify our customer services team immediately on becoming aware using the contact details at the beginning of our Terms of Sale. Please see clause 7 for information about amendments and cancellations.
3.6 If you place an Order using our Booking Lines, the conversation may be recorded by us to check any instructions given to us and/or for quality and training purposes.
4 PRICES AND PAYMENT
4.1 All prices are as stated on our Websites from time to time and include any applicable VAT. Vouchers can be purchased in denominations of £10.
4.2 Prices do not include delivery charges for Vouchers sent by post. Delivery charges are stated on our Websites and, if applicable, will be confirmed to you before you submit an Order.
4.3 Prices for our products and services may change from time to time, but changes will not affect prices relating to any existing Contract that you have with us. We reserve the right to promote the same or similar products and services at different prices, or on different terms, in connection with any offer or promotion we may be running from time to time.
4.4 Payments through our Websites and Booking Lines must be made in pounds sterling by debit or credit card only. We accept Voucher payments through our Websites or Booking Lines. Some Vouchers are accepted only at specific Centres, so please check at the time of booking.
4.5 Despite our best efforts, it is possible that some prices on our Websites may be incorrect from time to time. If we discover an error in our prices which affects your Order, we will let you know as soon as possible after we become aware and we will give you the option of continuing with your Order at the correct price or cancelling your Order. We will not process the incorrectly priced part at your Order until we have received your instructions. If we are unable to contact you using the contact details that we have for you, we will treat the relevant party of your Order as cancelled and notify you by email of telephone using the contact details we hold for you. If the pricing error is obvious or could reasonably have been recognised as a mispricing, we will not be obliged to fulfil a Contract at the incorrect price even if we have already provided you with your Confirmation.
5 DISCOUNTS
5.1 Discount code offers may be restricted to use by certain customers and/or on specific products or services and we reserve the right to cancel, modify or restrict these offers at any time without notice to you and for any reason.
5.2 Discount code offers may not be shared, sold or exchanged. Discount codes from unauthorised internet postings are not valid and may be declined. We reserve the right to decline or cancel Orders or Contracts played with discount codes at our sole discretion.
DELIVERY
6.1 Vouchers purchased through our Websites are delivered to you as an electronic voucher by email using the email address you provided at the time you place your Order. (If you require a physical voucher to be posted to you, you must place your order using our Booking Lines.)
6.2 Vouchers purchased through our Booking Lines will be send by Royal Mail signed for delivery to the United Kingdom postal address that you provided at the time you placed your Order. Vouchers will only be delivered to an address in the United Kingdom.
6.3 We aim to deliver your Vouchers to you as soon as we can. Delivery usually takes between two (2) and five (5) working days from the date you receive your Confirmation. (“Estimated Delivery Date”), but we cannot guarantee delivery by a specific date, particularly during busy times of the year.
6.4 Risk of any damage to or loss of the Vouchers passes to you at the time you take possession of them. If no one is available at your address to take delivery, the carrier will leave a note explaining where they can be collected. Ownership of Vouchers passes to you when we receive full payment of all sums due to respect of your Order, including delivery charges.
7 CANCELLATIONS AND AMENDMENTS
Bookings
7.1 We appreciate that things don't always go to plan, so we are happy to move your Booking to a future date up to 12 months later free of charge if you can no longer make the original date. To arrange this, you must contact us as soon as possible, but in any case, at least 24 hours before your Booking start time, by speaking to a member of our customer services team at the Centre or by using the contact details at the beginning of our Terms of Sale.
7.2 Unfortunately, Bookings cannot be cancelled or refunded, except in accordance with our legal rights, for example, if we do not provide our services to you with reasonable care and skill or otherwise in accordance with the Contract. If you experience a problem, please let us know as soon as possible by speaking to a member of our team at the Centre or by using the contact details at the beginning of our Terms of Sale.
7.3 Bookings are time-specific. The start time for you Booking is stated on your Confirmation. If you fail to arrive for your Booking or you arrive late (and you haven’t told us in advance in accordance with clause 7.1), you will forfeit your Booking and no additional time or alternative time slot will be permitted.
Vouchers
7.4 You may cancel a Voucher purchase only in accordance with clause 13 below.
8 OUR LIABILITY TO YOU
8.1 We are under a legal obligation to consumers to supply goods that are in conformity with the Contract and to perform our services with reasonable care and skill. As a consumer, you have legal rights in relation to goods that are faulty or not as described and services that are not as described and services that are not performed with reasonable care and skill. Advice about your legal rights is available from your local Citizens’ Advice Bureau (www.citizensadvice.org.uk/) or Trading Standards office (www.gov.uk/find-local-trading-standards-office). Nothing in these Terms of Sale in any way affects your legal rights. In particular, we do not exclude our liability for: (a) death or personal injury caused by negligence; (b) fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; or (c) any other matter for which it would be illegal for us to limit or exclude our liability.
8.2 Subject to clause 8.1, we will not be liable for: (a) any loss that is not caused by us or that was caused by any event or circumstance beyond our reasonable control; (b) any loss of profits or revenue, loss of anticipated savings, loss of or damage to data or loss of goodwill; or (c) any unavailability of our Websites.
8.3 Subject to clauses 8.1 and 8.2, our total liability to you under or in connection with a Booking, however arising, whether in contract, tort (including negligence) or otherwise, is limited to the price you paid to us in respect of the Booking.
9 YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
The privacy of your personal information is important to us. Any personal information that you provide to us in connection with your Order will be dealt with in line with our Privacy Policy.
10 GENERAL
10.1 The Contract between you and us is personal to you. You may not assign, sub-license or otherwise transfer any of your rights under a Contract. We may transfer, assign, charge, sub-contract and/or otherwise dispose of part or all of a Contract at any time.
10.2 If any provision of our Terms of Sale is found to be invalid for any reason, the invalidity of that provision will not affect the remaining provisions of our Terms of Sale, which will remain in full force and effect.
10.3 If we fail at any time to insist on strict performance of any of your obligations under the Contract, or if we fail to exercise any of our rights or remedies, this does not constitute a waiver of our rights or remedies and does not relieve you from compliance with your obligations. A waiver by us of any default does not constitute a waiver of any subsequent default. No waiver by us of any of these Terms of Sale is effective unless it is expressly stated to be a waiver and is communicated to you in writing.
10.4 We have the right to amend these Terms of Sale from time to time. However, each Contract will be subject to the Terms of Sale that were in force at the time of your Order, except to the extent that any change is required by law, regulation or governmental body (whether before or after we give you a Confirmation), or we notify you of any changes to these Terms of Sale before we give you a Confirmation.
10.5 The laws of England and Wales will apply to our Terms of Sale and the Contract. The courts of England and Wales will have exclusive jurisdiction over any claim relating to our Terms of Sale and the Contract, except that residents of Scotland and Northern Ireland may bring a claim in the courts of Scotland or Northern Ireland, respectively.
11 DISPUTE RESOLUTION
11.1 If you have a complaint relating to these Terms of Sale or our Contract with you, we will attempt to resolve the complaint using our internal complaints-handling procedure. Please contact us using our contact details set out at the beginning of our Terms of Sale.
11.2 If our complaints-handling procedure is exhausted and we have not been able to resolve your complaint, we will provide you with the name and website address of an alternative dispute resolution (“ADR”) provider that would be competent to deal with your complaint. If you make a request for the dispute to be settled by ADR, we will consider whether or not we wish to participate in ADR but we are not obliged by law to participate.
11.3 You may wish to use the online dispute resolution (“ODR”) platform to resolve the dispute with us, although we are not obliged by law to participate in the process. The ODR platform was created by the EU Commission as a platform that allows consumers and traders to settle disputes relating to online purchases with the assistance of an impartial dispute resolution body. For more details, please visit the website on the “Your Europe” portal: https://webgate.ec.europa.eu/odr. (For the purposes of the ODR platform, our email address is as set out at the beginning of these Terms of Sale.)12 USE OF VOUCHERS (PHYSICAL AND ELECTRONIC)
12.1 All vouchers are issued by us and may only be redeemed in one of our Centres. Vouchers cannot be used to make purchases on our Websites or through our Booking Lines. Electronic Vouchers may only be used as payment or part payment for bowling products purchased at the issuing centre and cannot be redeemed on food and drink in centre. Physical vouchers can be used as payment or part payment of bowling, food and drink in our centres.
12.2 All Vouchers are valid for a period of 12 months from the date of purchase. Vouchers will automatically expire without notice on expiry date and the unused balance will be forfeited.
12.3 If you use electronic Vouchers to pay for our bowling products no change will be given if the price to pay is below the value of the electronic Voucher.
12.4 All Vouchers cannot be exchanged for cash or used to purchase additional Vouchers.
12.5 All Vouchers cannot be resold or made available for resale on a commercial basis.
12.6 All Vouchers are redeemable by any person who presents the Voucher at our Centres.
12.7 We are not responsible for lost, stolen or damaged Vouchers and will not provide replacements in any circumstances. 13 YOUR RIGHT TO CANCEL VOUCHER PURCHASES
If Vouchers do not conform with the Contract
13.1 If you have purchased Vouchers for delivery by post and they are not in accordance with the Contract (for example, if they have been issued in the incorrect amount or if they arrive in a damaged condition), please contact us using the contact details at the beginning of our Terms of Sale, providing your name, your order number and the date of purchase. In these circumstances you may either: (a) cancel the relevant Contract and we will refund you any money that you have already paid in respect of the Vouchers providing you have returned the Vouchers to us; or (b) request replacement Vouchers to be sent to you. If Vouchers are delivered late
13.2 If we have not delivered the Vouchers that are the subject of a Contract within 30 days of the estimated delivery date (between two (2) and five (5) working days after the date of your Confirmation), you may either: (a) cancel the relevant Contract and we will refund you any money that you have already paid to us providing you have returned the Vouchers to us; or (b) specify a new deadline for delivery, provided that it is appropriate in the circumstances, and if we fail to meet the revised delivery date (where appropriate), you can cancel your Contract and we will refund you any money that you have already paid to us in respect of the Vouchers providing you have returned the Vouchers to us.
If you choose to cancel your Contract for late delivery under clause 13.2, but Vouchers that are the subject of the cancelled Contract have already been delivered to you, we will cancel those Vouchers on our system and refund you any money that you have already paid to us in respect of the cancelled Vouchers providing you have returned the Vouchers to us.If you change your mind13.3 You have the right to cancel your Contract for convenience in respect of your purchase of Vouchers if you change your mind about those Vouchers and to get your money back in accordance with the terms set out below (“Right to Cancel”). Only unused Vouchers may be cancelled.
13.4 Your Right to Cancel starts from the date of the Confirmation relating to the Contract and ends 14 days after the date on which you have received the Vouchers that are the subject of the relevant Contract (whether by email or post).
13.5 If you wish to exercise your Right to Cancel, you must notify us prior to the expiry of the cancellation period referred to in clause 13.5 above. You may (but are not obliged to) do this by completing the Cancellation Form set out below and sending it to us by email or by post using our contact details set out at the beginning of our Terms of Sale. You can also exercise your Right to Cancel without using the Cancellation Form, simply by contacting our customer services team using the same contact details. If you exercise your Right to Cancel you must also return the Vouchers to us.
To: The Original Bowling Company Limited,
I hereby give notice that I cancel my contract of sale of: £[insert value of Vouchers] Vouchers
Ordered on: [insert date of Order]
Order No: [insert Order no]
Your name:
Your address:
Date:13.6 If you exercise your Right to Cancel in accordance with this clause 13, we will refund you all payments received from you in respect of the cancelled Vouchers including the costs (if any) of outbound delivery paid by you (except for any supplementary costs arising if you chose a type of delivery other than standard delivery (e.g. if you select for your Order to be priority processed or requested delivery on a specific day). If you only cancel part of a Contract, we will only be obliged to refund to you a proportionate part of the standard outbound delivery charges. Any refunds payable by us to you will be paid to you using the same method used to pay and within 14 days of the date you notify us that you wish to exercise your Right to Cancel.
Terms of Sale (in centres)
1
These terms and conditions apply to lane bookings and other purchases made at a Hollywood Bowl or AMF Bowling centre.
For bookings and purchases made online through the Hollywood Bowl websites (www.hollywoodbowl.co.uk/) or our telephone booking lines, you can find the applicable Terms of Sale here.
We draw your attention in particular to clause 7, which explains how we limit our liability.
1 WELCOME
1.1 The Hollywood Bowl and AMF Bowling centres (“Centres”) and the Hollywood Bowl and AMF Bowling websites at www.hollywoodbowl.co.uk/and www.amf-bowling.co.uk (“Websites”) are owned and operated by The Original Bowling Company Limited (“we”, “us”, “our”). All products and services offered on the Websites and at our Centres are provided by us.
1.2 Our registered office is Focus 31 West Wing, Cleveland Road, Hemel Hempstead, Herts HP2 7BW and our registered company number is 05163827. Our VAT registration number is 845542123.
1.3 If you have any questions, please feel free to speak to any member of our customer services team at the Centre. You can also contact us using our online enquiry form. Alternatively, you can write to us at Focus 31 West Wing, Cleveland Road, Hemel Hempstead, Herts HP2 7BW or call us on 01442 768760.
2 TERMS OF SALE
2.1 These terms of sale (“Terms of Sale”) apply to you when you book a lane at one of our Centres (“Booking”) or you purchase Hollywood Bowl vouchers (“Vouchers”) or other products such as refreshments (“Products”) at our Centres.
2.2 Other terms and policies that apply to you are our Privacy Notice, our Centre Guidelines and, when you use our Websites, our Terms of Use and our Cookie Policy. If there is any conflict between our Terms of Sale, our Centre Guidelines, our Terms of Use, our Privacy Notice and/or our Cookie Policy (collectively “Terms and Policies”), they shall prevail in that order.
2.3 Please read all our Terms and Policies carefully and make sure that you understand them before making a Booking or purchasing Vouchers or other Products. We recommend that you print a copy or save them to your computer for future reference.
2.4 If you would like our Terms and Policies in another format (for example: audio, large print, braille), please contact us using the contact details at the beginning of these Terms of Sale. Our Terms and Policies are only available in the English language.
2.5 By law, we must give you certain key information before a legally binding contract between you and us is made. We will give you this information in a clear and understandable way. Typically, we will give you much of this information in person in our Centres at the time you make a Booking or purchase, and such information forms part of our contract with you as though set out in full here. Some of this information is likely to be obvious from the context. Some of the information we are required to give you is also set out in these Terms of Sale, such as information on our complaint handling policy (see clause 10).
3 PLACING ORDERS
3.1 You may make Bookings and purchase Vouchers and other Products at the various sales desks at our Centres or via our team members (“Order”). All Orders are subject to these Terms of Sale and you agree to be legally bound by these Terms of Sale.
3.2 You may not be able to buy certain Products from us at our Centres because you are too young. This includes alcohol and other age-restricted Products that we may offer from time to time. Notices will be displayed in our Centres to inform you of any age restrictions that may apply.
3.3 By placing an Order, you are making a request to purchase Vouchers or Products or to make a Booking on the terms and conditions set out in these Terms of Sale. This does not mean that your request has been accepted by us and a contract between you and us will only be made once we have taken full payment for your Order and the member of our customer services team serving you has confirmed your Order to you (“Confirmation”). Once you have received your Confirmation, a contract between you and us (“Contract”) will be made in relation to your Booking or purchase.
3.4 When placing an Order, please ensure you provide complete and accurate information. It is your responsibility to ensure that your Order is correct and accurately reflects your selection. If an Order is not correct in any way, please notify a member of our customer services team immediately on becoming aware. Please see clause 6 for information about amendments and cancellations.
4 PRICES AND PAYMENT
4.1	All prices are as stated in our Centres from time to time and include any applicable VAT. Prices may vary from Centre to Centre. Vouchers can be purchased in denominations of £10.
4.2	Prices for our products and services may change from time to time, but changes will not affect prices relating to any existing Contract that you have with us. We reserve the right to promote the same or similar products and services at different prices, or on different terms, in connection with any offer or promotion we may be running from time to time.
4.3	Payments must be made in pounds sterling by cash, [cheque,] debit card or credit card. We also accept payments using Vouchers, subject to clause 11. Some Vouchers are only accepted at specific Centres, so please check before visiting a Centre.
4.4	Despite our best efforts, it is possible that some prices displayed on our Websites or in our Centres may be incorrect from time to time. If we discover an error in our prices, we will let you know as soon as possible after we become aware and we will give you the option of continuing with you Booking or purchase at the correct price or cancelling your Booking or purchase. We will not process the incorrectly priced part of your Booking or Purchase until we have received your instructions. If the pricing error is obvious or could reasonably have been recognised by you as a mispricing, we will not be obliged to fulfil a Contract at the incorrect price even if we have already provided you with your Confirmation.
5 DISCOUNTS
5.1 Discount code offers may be restricted to use by certain customers and/or on specific products or services and we reserve the right to cancel, modify or restrict these offers at any time without notice to you and for any reason.
5.2 Discount code offers may not be shared, sold or exchanged. Discount codes from unauthorised internet postings are not valid and may be declined. We reserve the right to decline or cancel Orders or Contracts placed with discount codes at our sole discretion.
6 CANCELLATIONS AND AMENDMENTS
Bookings
6.1 We appreciate that things don’t always go to plan, so we are happy to move your Booking to a future date up to 12 months later free of charge if you can no longer make the original date. To arrange this, you must contact us as soon as possible, but in any case at least 24 hours before your Booking start time, by speaking to a member of our customer services team at the Centre or by using the contact details at the beginning of our Terms of Sale.
6.2 Unfortunately, Bookings cannot be cancelled or refunded, except in accordance with your legal rights, for example, if we do not provide our services to you with reasonable care and skill or otherwise in accordance with the Contract. If you experience a problem, please let us know as soon as possible by speaking to a member of our customer services team at the Centre or by using the contact details at the beginning of our Terms of Sale.
6.3 Bookings are time-specific. The start time for your Booking is as stated on your Confirmation. If you fail to arrive for your Booking or you arrive late (and you haven’t told us in advance in accordance with clause 6.1), you will forfeit any unused time and no additional time or alternative time slot will be permitted. Vouchers and other Products
6.4 Unfortunately, purchases of Vouchers and other Products cannot be cancelled or refunded, except in accordance with your legal rights, for example, if they are damaged or defective in some way or are not as described. If you have purchased Vouchers or Products and they are not in accordance with the Contract or your legal rights, please let us know as soon as possible by speaking to a member of our customer services team at the Centre or by using the contact details at the beginning of our Terms of Sale.
7 OUR LIABILITY TO YOU
1.1 We are under a legal obligation to consumers to supply goods that are in conformity with the Contract and to perform our services with reasonable care and skill. As a consumer, you have legal rights in relation to goods that are faulty or not as described and services which are not performed with reasonable care and skill. Advice about your legal rights is available from your local Citizens' Advice Bureau (www.citizensadvice.org.uk/) or Trading Standards office (www.gov.uk/find-local-trading-standards-office). Nothing in these Terms of Sale in any way affects your legal rights. In particular, we do not exclude our liability for: (a) death or personal injury caused by negligence; (b) fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; or (c) any other matter for which it would be illegal for us to limit or exclude our liability.
1.2 Subject to clause 7.1, we will not be liable for: (a) any loss that is not caused by us or that was caused by any event or circumstance beyond our reasonable control; (b) any loss of profits or revenue, loss of anticipated savings, loss of or damage to data or loss of goodwill; or (c) any unavailability of our Websites.
1.3 Subject to clauses 7.1 and 7.2, our total liability to you under or in connection with a Booking, however arising, whether in contract, tort (including negligence) or otherwise, is limited to the price you paid to us in respect of the Booking.8 YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
The privacy of your personal information is important to us. Any personal information that you provide to us in connection with your Order will be dealt with in line with our Privacy Notice.
9 GENERAL
9.1 The Contract between you and us is personal to you. You may not assign, sub-license or otherwise transfer any of your rights under a Contract. We may transfer, assign, charge, sub-contract and/or otherwise dispose of part or all of a Contract at any time.
9.2 If any provision of our Terms of Sale is found to be invalid for any reason, the invalidity of that provision will not affect the remaining provisions of our Terms of Sale, which will remain in full force and effect.
9.3 If we fail at any time to insist on strict performance of any of your obligations under the Contract, or if we fail to exercise any of our rights or remedies, this does not constitute a waiver of our rights or remedies and does not relieve you from compliance with your obligations. A waiver by us of any default does not constitute a waiver of any subsequent default. No waiver by us of any of these Terms of Sale is effective unless it is expressly stated to be a waiver and is communicated to you in writing.
9.4 We have the right to amend these Terms of Sale from time to time. However, each Contract will be subject to the Terms of Sale that were in force at the time of your Order, except to the extent that any change is required by law, regulation or governmental body (whether before or after we give you a Confirmation), or we notify you of any changes to these Terms of Sale before we give you a Confirmation.
9.5 The laws of England and Wales will apply to our Terms of Sale and the Contract. The courts of England and Wales will have exclusive jurisdiction over any claim relating to our Terms of Sale and the Contract, except that residents of Scotland and Northern Ireland may bring a claim in the courts of Scotland or Northern Ireland, respectively.
10 DISPUTE RESOLUTION
10.1 If you have a complaint relating to these Terms of Sale or our Contract with you, we will attempt to resolve the complaint using our internal complaints-handling procedure. Please contact us using our contact details set out at the beginning of our Terms of Sale.
10.2 If our complaints-handling procedure is exhausted and we have not been able to resolve your complaint, we will provide you with the name and website address of an alternative dispute resolution (“ADR”) provider that would be competent to deal with your complaint. If you make a request for the dispute to be settled by ADR, we will consider whether or not we wish to participate in ADR but we are not obliged by law to participate.
11 USE OF VOUCHERS (PHYSICAL AND ELECTRONIC)
11.1 All Vouchers are issued by us and may only be redeemed in one of our Centres. Vouchers cannot be used to make purchases on our Websites or through our Booking Lines. Electronic Vouchers may only be used as payment or part payment for bowling products purchased at the issuing centre and cannot be redeemed on food and drink in centre. Physical vouchers can be used as payment or part payment of bowling, food and drink in our centres.
11.2 All Vouchers are valid for a period of 12 months from the date of purchase. Vouchers will automatically expire without notice on the expiry date and the unused balance will be forfeited.
11.3 If you use electronic Vouchers to pay for our bowling products no change will be given if the price to pay is below the value of the electronic Voucher
11.4 All Vouchers cannot be exchanged for cash or used to purchase additional Vouchers.
11.5 All Vouchers cannot be resold or made available for resale on a commercial basis.
11.6 All Vouchers are redeemable by any person who presents the Voucher at our Centres.
11.7 We are not responsible for lost, stolen or damaged Vouchers and will not provide replacements in any circumstances.
11.8 Vouchers may be used as payment or part payment for goods or services purchased at any of Hollywood Bowl Group’s centres (AMF Bowling, Hollywood Bowl or Puttstars) in the UK, to the value shown. This voucher must be used in the centre it was issued and may not be exchanged for cash and no change will be given. Lost or stolen vouchers will not be refunded. Hollywood Bowl Group reserves the right not to accept damaged or defaced vouchers. For a full list of centres to purchase gift vouchers from please visit amf-bowling.co.uk, hollywoodbowl.co.uk or puttstars.co.uk. Business customers wishing to purchase large quantities of vouchers should contact: Hollywood Bowl Group, Focus 31, West Wing, Cleveland Road, Hemel Hempstead, Herts, HP2 7BW, 0844 826 4282.
Offers and promotions
1
Our online prices will always be equal to or better than the prices available via our customer contact centre or for walk-in bookings at the centres for the following brands: Hollywood Bowl and Amf Bowling. If you find a cheaper price at the time of booking than those offered online we will refund the difference. Prices and availability vary by centre.
Early booking discounts: At selected centres and for selected dates or times, we may from time to time offer early booking discounts. These are shown in our online booking engine and are calculated as discounts compared to our maximum retail prices. These offers are subject to availability and are not available on all products and in all centres. Where available, our best early booking discounts are for bookings made 6 or more days in advance.
Survey Discount: 50% or 30% discount when you book one game, two games or three games products only. Discount is valid for games bowled Monday – Friday inclusive only. Doesn't include any packages, food, drink, amusements games or other promotions currently valid. Valid for 14 days from receiving first email. Must enter the discount code at the checkout. No refunds given if the discount code isn't entered or if you can't make the booking. Only valid when you personally receive a survey discount email from us.
Seasonal in centre 50% off your next visit discounts: 50% discount when you book one game, two games or three games products only. Discount is valid for games bowled Monday – Friday inclusive only. Doesn't include any packages, food, drink, amusements games or other promotions currently valid. Valid for 14 days from receiving first email. Must enter the discount code at the checkout. No refunds given if the discount code isn't entered or if you can't make the booking. Only valid when you personally receive a survey discount email from us.
Birthday Code Discount: 30% discount when you book one game, two games or three games products only. Doesn't include any packages, food, drink amusements games or other promotions currently valid. Valid for games bowled two weeks before or two weeks after your birthday. Must enter the discount code at the checkout. No refunds given if the discount code isn't entered or if you can't make the booking. Only valid when you personally receive a Birthday email from us. Prices and availability vary by centre.
1 year anniversary Discount: 20% discount valid for bowling only games for Adult, Junior, Family One game, and Family Two games. Valid for 1 month from date of receiving email. The discount code must be entered at the checkout. No refunds will be given if the discount code isn't entered or if you can't make the booking. Only valid when you personally receive a 1 year anniversary discount email from us. VIP upgrade is only valid at centres with VIP lanes. A maximum of four people per VIP lane. The VIP upgrade can be applied as an addition after receiving 20% off your web booking by calling our contact centre. Call charges apply for calls to 0844 numbers. Offer is not applicable to existing bookings, and is valid for new bookings only.
All discount codes are non-transferable.
Bowling Offers
Listed below are our core value offers. By booking these offers online you adhered to our terms under the online booking section.We reserve the right to withdraw, amend or replace an offer in respect to our core value offers and any promotions without prior notification.
Kids Eat, Drink & Bowl Offer:
Available until 7pm Monday - Friday. Valid for under 16's. Book online 7 days in advance for our best prices. This offer may be unavailable in October, February and May half terms and Christmas and Easter school holidays. Excludes Bank Holidays. Prices are per person, prices and availability vary by centre. Cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer. Please note, includes child’s main meal and glass of squash.
Family Deal:
Valid 7 days a week during term time. Family of 4 includes 2 Adults or 2 Juniors or 1 adult and 3 juniors. Family of 5 includes 2 adults and 3 juniors or 1 adult and 4 juniors. Book online and 7 days in advance for our best prices. This offer may be unavailable in October, February and May half terms and Christmas and Easter school holidays. Excludes Bank Holidays. Please check the Web Site booking widget for availability. Not to be confused with Family Fun Weekends. Prices and availability vary by centre. Cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer.
1 Drink Just Add Friends:
Available all day Monday - Friday and after 4pm on Sunday. Excludes Bank Holidays. Book online 7 days in advance for our best prices. Drinks are from a selection and may vary by centre and excludes; Champagne, Prosecco, premium spirits, doubles, cocktails, jugs of beer and large fizzy drinks. Prices are per person and availability can vary by centre. This offer is not valid from 11th November - 31st December. Cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer.
Unlimited Bowling:
Prices, times, availability and minimum numbers vary by centre. Only available from 7.30pm on Sundays except on Bank Holiday Weekends. This offer may be unavailable during February, October and Christmas school holidays. Prices are per party of 4, 5, 6 or 7 people, with a minimum of 4 people per booking. Bowling is for a 3 hour maximum. Cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer. Unlimited bowling for £9 per person available at the following centres; Bradford, Bournemouth Branksome, Cwmbran, Dagenham, Liverpool, Poole Tower Park, Worthing and Watford Woodside. Subject to availability.
Adult and Child Concessions:
Valid for those with disabilities and their carers, and seniors weekdays when booked and bowled before 6pm, and between 9am-11am during February, October and December School Holidays.
Student 2 games:
A valid NUS or student card will need to be presented in centre for this offer. Valid from 5pm Sunday - 5pm Friday. Book online 7 days in advance for our best prices. Prices are per person and prices and availability vary by centre. This offer may be unavailable in October, February and May half terms and Christmas and Easter school holidays. Please check the Web Site booking widget for availability. Cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer.Student 2 games and a drink:
A valid NUS or student card will need to be presented in centre for this offer. This offer is only available at Leeds, London O2, Stirling, Shrewsbury and Stockton. Valid from 5pm Sunday - 5pm Friday. Book online 7 days in advance for our best prices. Prices are per person and prices and availability vary by centre. This offer may be unavailable in October, February and May half terms and Christmas and Easter school holidays. Please check the Web Site booking widget for availability. Cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer.
Student night - 50% off bowling, food & drink:
50% off standard one, two and three game bowling products which can be booked online, over the phone or in centre. Available at Cwmbran, Bournemouth Branksome and Poole Tower Park on Thursday's after 6pm, subject to availability. 50% off food and drinks not included online and will need to be purchased in centre. A valid NUS or student card will need to be presented in centre for this offer.
Standard Game off peak pricing:
Valid Weekdays before 6pm during school term & school summer holidays only. Prices are per person and prices and availability vary by centre.
3 games:
Offer is for 3 games of bowling for a set price. Prices are per person and prices and availability vary by centre. This offer may be unavailable in October, February and May half terms, as well as Christmas and Easter school holidays. Please check the Web Site booking widget for availability. Cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer.
A game and a drink from £5:
Offer is for 1 game of bowling and a soft drink for £5 per person. Valid on games bowled anytime between Monday-Thursday, and until 5pm on Fridays. Offer valid until Wednesday 30th
September 2020. Upgrade to an alcoholic drink choice for an extra £1. Drinks are from a selection and may vary by centre and excludes; Champagne, Prosecco, premium spirits, doubles, cocktails, jugs of beer and large fizzy drinks. Prices are per person and availability can vary by centre. Cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer.
Adult eat, drink & bowl £10:
Offer is for 1 game of bowling, a burger and a soft or alcoholic drink for £10 per person. Drinks are from a selection, may vary by centre and excludes; Champagne, Prosecco, premium spirits, doubles, cocktails, jugs of beer and large fizzy drinks. The offer includes plain beef or vegan burger, customers may upgrade to fries and add toppings for additional cost. Available Monday – Thursday all day and Fridays until 6pm. Subject to availability. Cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer.
After school treat - Kids eat, drink & bowl:
Offer is for 1 game of bowling, a main meal and a drink. Please note, includes child’s main meal and glass of squash. Price is per person. Available at Cwmbran & Bournemouth Branksome on Monday-Wednesday and Fridays, Dagenham & Worthing on Mondays, and Poole Tower Park, Bradford and Watford Woodside on Monday-Wednesdays. Subject to availability. Cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer.
Early bird bowling:
Offer is for 1 game of bowling for £4 per person. Available at Cwmbran & Bournemouth Branksome on Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday and Friday, Dagenham & Worthing on Mondays, and Bradford, Liverpool, Poole Tower Park and Watford Woodside on Monday, Tuesday and Wednesdays between 11am and 3pm. Adults and Children inclusive of offer. Subject to availability. Cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer.
Late night bowling:
Offer is for 2 games of bowling for £9 per person. Valid from 9.30pm on Friday and Saturday's at the following centres: Bradford, Bournemouth Branksome, Cwmbran, Dagenham, Liverpool, Poole Tower Park, Watford Woodside and Worthing. Subject to availability, cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer.
Half Price Wednesdays:
50% off one, two and three bowling game products and food at Dagenham and Worthing every Wednesday. 50% off food is not available online, and must be purchased in centre. Subject to availability. Cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer.
50% off one and two family game products at Liverpool every Wednesday. Cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer. Subject to availability.
Liverpool - 2 games web exclusive:
2 games of bowling from £7.19 for a junior and £7.49 for an adult is available at Hollywood Bowl Liverpool only. Offer is available Monday to Thursday. This offer may be unavailable during School Holidays. Cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer. Prices are per person, subject to availability.
Extra game for £2.99:
This offer is only available in centre, subject to availability and cannot be booked in advance. Prices are per person. Available at Bournemouth Branksome and Cwmbran on Monday, Tuesday and Wednesdays and Dagenham and Worthing on Monday and Tuesdays.
Food & Drink OffersBeer and burger meal: Drink options available are: Coors Light pint, Carling pint, or any fizzy soft drink on tap.Any adult burger meal listed on the centre menu is available, including halal and build your own options. (Build your own is limited to 2 toppings)Please note that burger and drink options may vary by centre.
25% off food and drink:
Offer available at Cwmbran and Bournemouth Branksome on Monday-Wednesdays, and Dagenham and Worthing on Monday and Tuesdays. Not available on food and drink products online, and must be purchased directly in centre.
Family Feast: Adult meal includes: plain single beef or vegan burger, or plain hotdog, and fries, nachos or 5 chicken wings. Drink includes regular fizzy drink or squash, alcoholic upgrade excludes Prosecco, premium spirits, doubles, cocktails and jugs of beer.
£5 Burger and a Drink deal: Available in Tier 3 centres, plain burger only, toppings and fries available at extra cost Champagne, Prosecco, premium spirits, doubles, cocktails, jugs of beer and large fizzy drinks.
Mother's day gift:
Mum's who bowl with us on Mother's day will receive one complimentary mini bottle of 20cl Prosecco or 16oz soft drink. The following centres will provide mum's with a free dessert: Glasgow Coatbridge, Glasgow Springfield Quay, Dunfermline and Carlisle. Offer excludes the Hollywood Bowl Sharer dessert. Mum's are entitled to one drink/dessert per booking, when bowling with her child/children. 1 drink/dessert per Mum. Offer valid 22nd March 2020 only.
Party Packages Offers
Listed below are our party package offers. These offers can be booked via the contact centre on 0844 826 4282. By booking via the contact centre you adhered to our no cancellation policy at the time of booking. If you cannot attend your party we will be able you to move your booking to another time or date if available. Moving of your booking is valid for 12 months from original booking date and can be moved more than once. A minimum payment is required at time of booking, this varies by party package and by centre. Calls cost 7p per minute, plus your telephone company’s network access charge.
Team Event Package: Valid all year. Days, time, minimum party numbers, prices and availability vary by centre. Prices are per person.
Celebration Packages: Valid all year. Days, time, minimum party numbers, prices and availability vary by centre. Prices are per person.
Kids Birthday Packages: Valid all year. Days, time, minimum party numbers, prices and availability vary by centre. Prices are per child. Ultimate Kids Birthday party package requires 2 weeks notice for booking.
Kids Quasar Birthday Packages: Valid all year. Days, time, minimum party numbers, prices and availability vary by centre. Prices are per person. Games last 30mins including 10 min safety brief. Min height 4ft 6". Min age 7 years old. Games are marshalled to ensure rules are following in the arena. Wear flat shoes (trainers etc.). Pregnant women are advised not to play. Players deemed to be intoxicated will be excluded from playing. Players removed from a game for breaking the rules will not be entitled to a refund. Players of various ages will play in games, we cannot guarantee the age groups of each game. loud music, smoke and strobe lighting effects are in use in the arena.
Teen Party Package: Valid all year. Days, time, minimum party numbers, prices and availability vary by centre. Prices are per person.
Christmas Party Adult: Valid from November to January. Days, time, minimum party numbers, prices and availability vary by centre. Prices are per person.
Christmas Party Kids: Valid from November to January. Days, time, minimum party numbers, prices and availability vary by centre. Prices are per child.
Cool Schools: Valid weekdays only before 5pm during school term time & school summer holidays. Days, time, minimum numbers, prices and availability vary by centre. Prices are per person.
NYE Package: Only valid on New Year’s Eve between 9pm – late. Time, minimum party numbers, prices and availability vary by centre. Prices are per person.
Calls to telephone numbers starting 0844 do incur a charge. Calls cost 7p per minute, plus your phone company’s access charge.
FaBOOlous Halloween Package: Only valid on Saturday 31st October 2020 from 7pm. Price and availability varies by centre. Price is per person for a maximum of 6 people, see Gov.uk for restrictions in your local area. Package includes 3 games of bowling, unlimited servings of nachos, and 1 drink per person. Food and drink is subject to availability. Drinks are from a selection and may vary by centre and excludes; Champagne, Prosecco, premium spirits, doubles, cocktails, jugs of beer and large fizzy drinks. Bowling games must be completed in time for the centre to close at 10pm.
Family Birthday Celebration package and Family Christmas pacakge: Valid from November to January. Days, time, minimum party numbers, prices and availability vary by centre. Maximum of 6 per party, please check the Government website for the latest information of who can visit together. Prices are per person. Subject to availability. Drinks are from a selection which varies by centre and excludes: Champagne, Prosecco, premium spirits, doubles, cocktails, jugs of beer and large fizzy drinks.
Free Game Coupons
Free game coupons are valid on a per person basis and not as a family or group for one game. E.g. 1 code is valid for 1 person for one game or 2 codes valid for 2 people for one game. To book your free games coupon, please speak to a member of the team in centre, or call our customer contact centre. Free game coupons cannot be used online, and are valid only for the issuing centre. Call charges apply for calls made to our customer contact centre; if you wish to request a call back, please follow the link here.
Annual Bowling Pass competitions:
An annual bowling pass allows two adults and two under 16s, or one adult and three under 16s, to one family game per month for 12 months at one centre of your choice. The annual bowling pass includes two adult meals and two kids meals, or one adult meal and three kids meals, plus 4 standard drinks upon each visit. Subject to availability. Reservations are subject to centre availability and must be booked in advance. Competition prize winners will receive their prize via email. Pass remains the property of the The Original Bowling Company and can be revoked at any time including under the centre managers discretion. Prize must be redeemed in the centre where the prize has been won. Not to be used in conjunction with any other offer. Entrants must be over 18 years of age. Prizes are non-transferable and there is no cash alternative. Winners agree to participate in any reasonable publicity and agree to supply personal details including name, address and email. This data will not be passed on to third parties.
Win a birthday party competition:
One winner will win an Ultimate Kid's party for up to 12 kids. Must be used in the centre you won the prize. Add more kids at the normal rate. All packages are subject to availability and the contents and price of each package may vary by centre and day. The prize is non-transferrable and there are no cash alternatives. Judge’s decision is final. Must be redeemed within 12 months of being contacted by the centre with your prize.
Winners agree to participate in any reasonable publicity and agree to supply personal details including name, address and email. This will not be passed on to third parties.
Promoter: The Original Bowling Company, Focus 31, West Wing, Cleveland Road, Hemel Hempstead, Herts, HP2 7BW
Pink Pin and Hero Pin Friday competition:
Pink Pin Friday's run between 7.30pm - 10.00pm every Friday evening. To win a prize, the bowler must score a Strike when the Pink Pin is in head position. For the strike to be verified and a prize to be awarded, a team member must be called over to witness the Strike. 1 drink will be awarded to the customer who bowls the Strike. Drinks are from a selection and may vary by centre and excludes; Champagne, Prosecco, premium spirits, doubles, cocktails, jugs of beer and large fizzy drinks.Prizes are non-transferable and there are no cash alternatives.
Win £200 in bowling vouchers competition:
By submitting a customer feedback survey you will be entered into a prize draw for a chance to win £200 in bowling vouchers. The draw is open to customers across all of our nationwide centres. A prize draw will take place each month until further notice. Your entry will only be for the month in which you submitted your feedback survey. Winners will be advised via email within 7 days of the monthly draw closing date and must respond to provide a postal address within 7 days.
The vouchers will then be posted to the winner. Reservations are subject to centre availability and must be booked in advance. Vouchers remain the property of The Original Bowling Company and can be revoked at any time including under the centre managers discretion. Prize must be redeemed in the centre where the original visit too place. Not to be used in conjunction with any other offer. Entrants must be over 18 years of age. Prizes are non-transferable and there is no cash alternative.
Competitions
The promoter is: The Original Bowling Company whose registered office is at Focus 31 West Wing, Cleveland Road, Hemel Hempstead, Hertfordshire, England, HP2 7BW. Competitions are open to residents of the United Kingdom aged 18 years or over except employees of The Original Bowling Company and their close relatives and anyone otherwise connected with the organisation or judging of the competition. There is no entry fee and no purchase necessary to enter our social media competitions. By entering a competition, an entrant is indicating his/her agreement to be bound by these terms and conditions.Bowling package prizes must be booked in advance and within 14 days of winner being announced Route to entry for a competition and details of how to enter are via liking and commenting on the competition Facebook post or liking and re-tweeting the competition Twitter post. Only one entry will be accepted per person. Multiple entries from the same person will be disqualified. No responsibility can be accepted for entries not received for whatever reason. The rules of the competition and how to enter are as follows: The promoter reserves the right to cancel or amend the competition and these terms and conditions without notice in the event of a catastrophe, war, civil or military disturbance, act of God or any actual or anticipated breach of any applicable law or regulation or any other event outside of the promoter’s control. Any changes to the competition will be notified to entrants as soon as possible by the promoter. The promoter is not responsible for inaccurate prize details supplied to any entrant by any third party connected with this competition. There is no cash alternative for prizes and prizes are not transferable. Prizes are subject to availability and we reserve the right to substitute any prize with another of equivalent value without giving notice. Winners will be chosen at random by software, from all entries received and verified by Promoter and or its agents. The winner will be notified by email and/or DM on Twitter/Facebook and/or letter within 7 days of the closing date. If the winner cannot be contacted or do not claim the prize within 7 days of notification, we reserve the right to withdraw the prize from the winner and pick a replacement winner. The promoter will notify the winner to arrange for the prize to be delivered. The promoter’s decision in respect of all matters to do with the competition will be final and no correspondence will be entered into. The competition and these terms and conditions will be governed by English law and any disputes will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England. The winner agrees to the use of his/her name and image in any publicity material, as well as their entry. Any personal data relating to the winner or any other entrants will be used solely in accordance with current UK data protection legislation and will not be disclosed to a third party without the entrant’s prior consent. Entry into a social media competition will be deemed as acceptance of these terms and conditionsDesign a bowling ball character competition terms and conditions
The promoter is: The Original Bowling Company whose registered office is at Focus 31 West Wing, Cleveland Road, Hemel Hempstead, Hertfordshire, England, HP2 7BW.Competitions are open to residents of the United Kingdom aged 18 years or over except employees of The Original Bowling Company and their close relatives and anyone otherwise connected with the organisation or judging of the competition.There is no entry fee and no purchase necessary to enter our competitions.By entering a competition, an entrant is indicating his/her agreement to be bound by these terms and conditions.Route to entry for this competition is submitting a designed ball character on Facebook, tagging @hollywoodbowluk by midnight on Thursday 30th April 2020Only one entry will be accepted per person. Multiple entries from the same person will be disqualified.No responsibility can be accepted for entries not received for whatever reason.The rules of the competition and how to enter are as follows:The promoter reserves the right to cancel or amend the competition and these terms and conditions without notice in the event of a catastrophe, war, civil or military disturbance, act of God or any actual or anticipated breach of any applicable law or regulation or any other event outside of the promoter’s control. Any changes to the competition will be notified to entrants as soon as possible by the promoter.The promoter is not responsible for inaccurate prize details supplied to any entrant by any third party connected with this competition.There is no cash alternative for prizes and prizes are not transferable. Prizes are subject to availability and we reserve the right to substitute any prize with another of equivalent value without giving notice.Winners will be chosen from all entries received and verified by Promoter and or its agents.The winner will be notified on Facebook within 7 days of the closing date. If the winner cannot be contacted or does not claim the prize within 7 days of notification, we reserve the right to withdraw the prize from the winner and pick a replacement winner.Once a winner has been verified the promoter will announce the winner on Facebook using the winning design. The promoter will notify the winner to arrange for the prize to be delivered. The winner must provide a postal address for the prize. Prizes will then be sent via Royal Mail once the Promoters centres have reopened.The promoter’s decision in respect of all matters to do with the competition will be final and no correspondence will be entered into.The competition and these terms and conditions will be governed by English law and any disputes will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England.The winner agrees to the use of his/her name and image in any publicity material, as well as their entry. Any personal data relating to the winner or any other entrants will be used solely in accordance with current UK data protection legislation and will not be disclosed to a third party without the entrant’s prior consent.Entry into the design a ball competition will be deemed as acceptance of these terms and conditionsSocial media ‘win a family game’ competition terms and conditions
The promoter is: The Original Bowling Company whose registered office is at Focus 31 West Wing, Cleveland Road, Hemel Hempstead, Hertfordshire, England, HP2 7BW.Competitions are open to residents of the United Kingdom aged 18 years or over except employees of The Original Bowling Company and their close relatives and anyone otherwise connected with the organisation or judging of the competition.There is no entry fee and no purchase necessary to enter our competitions.By entering a competition, an entrant is indicating his/her agreement to be bound by these terms and conditions.Route to entry for this competition is tagging a family member in the comments of the original post, liking and sharing the original post, by midnight on the date indicated on the original postA family game is one game for up to six people and must be pre-booked either via the website or by phoneFamily games are valid for three months from the date of issueOnly one entry will be accepted per person. Multiple entries from the same person will be disqualified.No responsibility can be accepted for entries not received for whatever reason.The rules of the competition and how to enter are as follows:The promoter reserves the right to cancel or amend the competition and these terms and conditions without notice in the event of a catastrophe, war, civil or military disturbance, act of God or any actual or anticipated breach of any applicable law or regulation or any other event outside of the promoter’s control. Any changes to the competition will be notified to entrants as soon as possible by the promoter.The promoter is not responsible for inaccurate prize details supplied to any entrant by any third party connected with this competition.There is no cash alternative for prizes and prizes are not transferable. Prizes are subject to availability and we reserve the right to substitute any prize with another of equivalent value without giving notice.Winners will be chosen from all entries received and verified by Promoter and or its agents.The winner will be notified on Facebook within 7 days of the closing date. If the winner cannot be contacted or does not claim the prize within 7 days of notification, we reserve the right to withdraw the prize from the winner and pick a replacement winner.The promoter will notify the winner to arrange for the prize to be delivered. The winner must provide an email and postal address for the prize. Prizes will then be sent via Royal Mail once the Promoters centres have reopened.The promoter’s decision in respect of all matters to do with the competition will be final and no correspondence will be entered into.The competition and these terms and conditions will be governed by English law and any disputes will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England.The winner agrees to the use of his/her name and image in any publicity material, as well as their entry. Any personal data relating to the winner or any other entrants will be used solely in accordance with current UK data protection legislation and will not be disclosed to a third party without the entrant’s prior consent.Entry into the win a family game competition will be deemed as acceptance of these terms and conditionsCool School’s activity mat:
Prize one; one winner will receive the Kids Eat, Drink and Bowl package which includes a child’s main course, a glass of squash and a game of bowling for up to 5 guests. Add more kids at the normal rate. Prize two; one school will win one game of bowling for the whole class. Maximum class size is 30 school children. Must be used in the centre you won the prize. All packages are subject to availability and the contents and price of each package may vary by centre and day. The prize is non-transferable and there are no cash alternatives. Must be redeemed within 12 months of being contacted by the centre with your prize. One school is picked per year. See websites for full T+Cs.
Winners agree to participate in any reasonable publicity and agree to supply personal details including name, address and email. This will not be passed on to third parties. Promoter: The Original Bowling Company, Focus 31, West Wing, Cleveland Road, Hemel Hempstead, Herts, HP2 7BW.
Need some help? Request a call back using the form below, and we’ll call you back at your preferred time†.
Now
10:00
10:15
10:30
10:45
11:00
11:15
11:30
11:45
12:00
12:15
12:30
12:45
13:00
13:15
13:30
13:45
14:00
14:15
14:30
14:45
15:00
†Our contact centre is open from Mon-Fri, 10am-3pm.