https://www.northviewgolf.com/privacy-policy/
Book a Tee Time
Golf
Golf Academy
Titleist Regional Fitting Center
The Ridge Course
The Canal Course
Weddings
Duffey’s Sports Grill
The Palmer Room (closed)
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Use of the Northview website signifies your consent to our online privacy policy and usage agreement.
Use of the Northview website is at your own risk. Northview cannot guarantee that any personal information entered by you is secure. Further, Northview cannot guarantee that your information will not be misappropriated, intercepted, deleted, destroyed or used by others. Such is the nature of the internet. Users agree to not hold Northview responsible or liable for any damage or loss of any sort incurred as a result of using this site.
Northview considers protection of our guest’s personal information as integral to our business.
Any personal information gathered will not be sold to third parties.
Northview will only gather information pertinent to our operation.
Northview will secure all personal information gathered to the best of our ability.
Northview may use your personal information to contact you about special offers, promotions, and contests or to offer you our club newsletter. At any time you may OPT OUT of any such programs by contacting our privacy officer or clicking on the “OPT OUT” (or “unsubscribe”) button on the bottom of the contact page or newsletter received.
Consent
Expressed: Your personal information may be needed in order to reserve or book your event, golf tee time or tournament. By agreeing to provide us with your information, Northview’s privacy policy is enacted and your contact and credit card information is automatically entered into our system.
Implied: When paying for goods or services in our golf shop or restaurants, the use of your credit card and its information will be considered implied and no further consent will be sought.
Age appropriate users
Northview’s website was intended to be used for adults and as such, is considered an adult oriented website. We request that if you have children under the age of 18 accessing our site, that they be actively monitored by an adult. Any information given to Northview on-line by an underage individual may be removed upon request. Northview does not accept any responsibility for use or misrepresentations of age or parental consent when using this site.
Links
Northview’s website contains links to other websites. Please be aware that we cannot control the privacy policies of these sites and Northview cannot be held responsible for the content or practices of such websites.
Cookies
Northview’s website does not use “cookies” to collect personal information but websites linked to Northview may use them. Most browsers will allow cookies so please set your browser to refuse or alert you of the presence of “cookies”.
Privacy Policy changes
Northview reserves the right to change our Privacy policy at any time, as we see fit and as the internet and its use evolves. Please review our policy periodically for these changes.
Further information: If you have any questions regarding Northview’s privacy policy, please contact our Privacy Officer at jchanasyk@northviewgolf.com
An Update Regarding COVID-19
***Effective Wednesday, November 4th all patrons are required to wear a face covering in the Pro Shop and Clubhouse***
Golf Courses Open
Please read all terms carefully. Your booking is 100% non-refundable within 24 hours of your tee time.
Frost Delay
In the event of a frost delay please be advised that communication updates will be sent via email regarding our starting time on the morning of play. Groups will go off in their regular sequence. Please check your emails as frost delay updates will be emailed hourly. It is your responsibility to notify all other members in your group.
We are currently accepting tee times 7 days in advance!
We are taking every precaution to ensure the safety of our staff and customers and we have new mandatory policies in place due to Covid-19. There will be no exceptions to these policies. Please read our new policies set out below and the mandatory “PHYSICAL DISTANCING” that is required by the Public Health Agency of Canada to eliminate person to person contact with employees and fellow golfers. Those not following these policies will be escorted from the facility without a refund given.
Booking and Paying for your Tee Time
All tee times must be booked online. A credit card will be required to secure your booking and is not charged until you check-in to the golf shop.
Tee time Payment in the Golf Shop
At this time we only allow one payment per foursome for your tee time.
Cancellation Policy
Within 24 hours of your tee time your booking is non-refundable and non-changeable.
Rain Cheques
Please be aware we do not offer rain cheques unless the course is deemed unsafe or unplayable by Northview Management.
Foursomes
Foursomes can play 7 days a week, and can book up to 7 days in advance.
Twosomes/Threesomes
Option 1: Twosomes and threesomes can book up to 7 days in advance for a tee time of 12noon or later. Book your time for a foursome online and when you check-in to the golf shop, you can play and pay as only a twosome or threesome for your 12noon or later tee-time.
Option 2: Standby booking on the same-day (Go online after 5:00am on the same day of play). Book your group for any tee time that day (the system will force you to book a foursome but upon arrival the golf shop staff will be aware that your booking was done on a standby basis on the same day) You will only play and pay as your twosome or threesome.
Singles
Singles may play after 2pm, 7 days a week. Book your tee time online as a foursome and when you check-in to the golf shop, you will pay and play as a single.
No Shows
If your group does not show up, we will charge your credit card for four players for any tee time before 12noon or two players for any tee time after 12noon or any standby booking.
Passes/Discounts
If you have an Advantage Card, Golf Surrey Pass, Player’s Pass, Corporate Pass or Red Book please bring it into the Pro Shop and the staff will make the appropriate rate adjustment.
If the Seniors or Juniors rate applies (see website for details) please show your valid ID to the Pro Shop upon check in and the rate will be adjusted.
Power Carts/Club Rentals
Power carts are available on single/double rider basis. We have a limited amount of complimentary pull carts available. Rental clubs are now available.
General Information
No additional walkers are permitted to accompany the group over and above your paid foursome. Anyone in this situation will be asked to leave the property.
No outside alcohol- strictly enforced. No social gatherings of any size are permitted in the parking lot or overflow parking lot areas.
Note: drinking alcohol beverages in the parking lot is in contravention of our liquor license and could result in personal fines from the RCMP/Liquor Inspector in addition to citations and harsh penalties/suspensions to the golf club. Tailgating will not be allowed in the parking lot.
**The Driving Range is open for guests with a tee time reservation or lessons only**
If you plan to hit a warm up bucket of balls you can now arrive 45 minutes prior to your tee time. Range balls are available for purchase at the Golf shop or Ridge kiosk.
Starting on November 1st, 2020 the driving range opens approximately 30 minutes prior to the first tee time with the exception of Mondays which is delayed until approximately 10:00am due to maintenance. Please note that on Sundays the range also closes early, 3 hours before sunset, due to maintenance. These times are subject to change without notice.
DUFFEY'S SPORTS GRILL
The wait is over! We are pleased to announce Duffey's Sports Grill is now open. We are very excited to share with you our re-opening plan.
We are grateful for all our guests, staff and suppliers who have supported us during these unprecedented  times. Our number one priority is the safety of everyone that patronizes our facility. We are making every effort to adhere to and exceed Provincial and Worksafe BC requirements to ensure a safe environment and dining experience for our guests and our staff.
Only online reservations will be accepted at this time. At the gate and check in desk we will ask you for your reservation details. Online reservations will close 15 minutes before your requested time. Reservations within 15 minutes, please call reception at 604-574-0324 ext. 0 (Please note we have limited staff answering phones) We are only accepting credit or debit payments at this time, no cash payments
Please book your reservation online at northviewgolf.com.
All public health guidelines will be followed per Dr. Henry and Fraser Health. This include a maximum of 6 people per reservation including children and infants. There will be no exceptions to this policy. We request you to keep your table stay to 1.5 hours.
×