http://www.hermitagecountryclub.com/club/scripts/site/privacy.asp
Skip to Main Content
Accessibility Feedback
Hidden Label
Hidden Label
Hidden Label
Hidden Label
Hidden Label
Hidden Label
Hidden Label
Hidden Label
Hidden Label
What didn't work for you?
Please be as specific as possible
Submit
Thank you for your feedback!
Welcome
Member Login
Username
Password
Keep Me Logged In
Submit
Hermitage Country Club
Contact & Directions
Member Login
About
Membership
Golf
Amenities
Dining
Weddings & Events
Careers
Contact & Directions
Member Login
Sidebar
Our Story
Guest Information
Directions
Photo Galleries
Request Information
Privacy PolicyThis Privacy Policy is provided to explain how we gather and use information collected through this website.Use of Your Information
Hermitage Country Club reserves the right to collect all information
which is routinely available through User’s access of the website such
as the frequency of Users visiting the site, which pages are viewed
and for what length of time, the internet service provider of Users, and
the location of the Users. All of this information is valuable to
Hermitage Country Club and will be retained and used for the
purposes of improving its website and the product featured on this
website, developing effective marketing strategies, project planning,
as well as for other purposes in Hermitage Country Club’s sole
discretion. Hermitage Country Club cannot guarantee that information
transmitted through this website will remain confidential or secure.Personal Information Submission is Voluntary
Hermitage Country Club will not collect any personal contact
information from you unless you decide to provide it to us. Unless
prohibited by applicable law in your jurisdiction, we will use the contact
information that you transmit to us to provide you with information
about our community.Change of Information and Contacting Us to Remove Your Name
If you wish to change your contact information, then please resubmit
your information through this website or contact us at
brendas@hermitagecountryclub.com. If you wish to be removed from
any contact list that is generated from your use of this website, then
please contact us at brendas@hermitagecountryclub.com. We will
attempt to honor your request, but we cannot guarantee that your
contact information will be purged from any or all lists generated as a
result of your use of the website, and we will have no liability under
these Terms if we do not purge contact information that you provide to
us voluntarily.
Third party vendors, including Google, show Hermitage Country Club
ads on sites on the internet. Third party vendors, including Google,
use cookies to serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to Hermitage
Country Club’s company of websites. Users may opt out of Google’s
use of cookies by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page.
By using this website, you consent to Hermitage Country Club’s
collection and use of information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Copyright ©2020 by Hermitage Country Club. All Rights Reserved.  Private Golf Club sites by MembersFirst  |  Terms of Use  |  Privacy  |  Request My Information