http://www.runvermont.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to Main Content
Races
RunVermont Races
COVID-19 Race Updates
People's United Bank Vermont City Marathon & Relay
Virtual Events
Virtual Event Info
Half Marathon Unplugged
Island Vines 5 Miler
COVID-19 Race Updates
COVID-19 Race Updates
Vermont 5K State CHAMPionship
Vermont 5K State CHAMPionship
Register
Results
All Races
Vermont City Marathon & Relay
Current Year Result
Finisher Certificates
Top Finishers / Age Groups
Archive of Results
Half Marathon Unplugged
Current Year Result
Archive of Results
Mini Marathon
Current Year Result
Archive of Results
Island Vines 10K
Current Year Result
Archive of Results
Get Involved
Get Involved with RunVermont
Volunteer
Sponsor
FAQs & Resources
Race FAQs & Resources
Area Guide
Lodging
Spectator Guide
FAQs
Youth Programs
RunVermont Youth Programs
Mini Milers
Mini Miler Leaders
Junior Milers
Mini Marathon
Event Calendar
Event Calendar
Privacy Policy
RunVermont Privacy Policy
The Policy is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect, use and safeguard the personal information you provide to us and to assist you in making informed decisions when using our site and our products and services. This statement will be continuously assessed against new technologies, business practices, and our customers’ needs.
What Information Do We Collect?
When you visit our Website, you may provide us with two types of information: personal information you knowingly choose to disclose that is collected on an individual basis and Web site use information collected on an aggregate basis as you and others browse our Website.
1. Personal Information You Choose to ProvideFor example, you may need to provide the following information:
Name
Website URL information
Email address
Home and business phone number
In addition to providing the preceding information, if you choose to correspond further with us through email, we may retain the content of your email messages together with your email address and our responses. We provide the same protections for these electronic communications that we employ in the maintenance of information received by mail and telephone.
2. Website Use InformationSimilar to other commercial Websites, our Web site utilizes a standard technology called “cookies” (see explanation below, “What Are Cookies?”) and Web server logs to collect information about how our Web site is used. Information gathered through cookies and Web server logs may include the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, time spent at our Web site, and the Web sites visited just before and just after our Web site. This information is collected on an aggregate basis. None of this information is associated with you as an individual.
How Do We Use the Information That You Provide to Us?
We use personal information for purposes of administering our business activities, providing customer service and making available other products and services to our customers and prospective customers. Occasionally, we may also use the information we collect to notify you about new services and special offers we think you will find valuable. The lists used to send you product and service offers are developed and managed and designed to safeguard the security and privacy of our customers’ personal information. As a customer, you will be given the opportunity to edit your personal information.
What Are Cookies?
Cookies are a feature of Web browser software that allows Web servers to recognize the computer used to access a Web site. Cookies are small pieces of data that are stored by a user’s Web browser on the user’s hard drive. Cookies can remember what information a user accesses on one Web page to simplify subsequent interactions with that Web site by the same user or to use the information to streamline the user’s transactions on related Web pages. This makes it easier for a user to move from Web page to Web page and to complete commercial transactions over the Internet. Cookies should make your online experience easier and more personalized.
How Do We Use Information We Collect from Cookies?
We use Web site browser software tools such as cookies and Web server logs to gather information about our Website users’ browsing activities, to constantly improve our Web site and better serve our customers. This information assists us to design and arrange our Web pages in the most user-friendly manner and to continually improve our Web site to better meet the needs of our customers and prospective customers. Cookies help us collect important business and technical statistics. The information in the cookies lets us trace the paths followed by users to our Web site as they move from one page to another. Web server logs allow us to count how many people visit our Web site and evaluate our Web site’s visitor capacity. We do not use these technologies to capture your email address or any personally identifying information about you although they do permit us to send focused online banner advertisements or other such responses to you.
Remarketing:
RunVermont uses remarketing tracking cookies and conversion pixels from vendors such as Google and Facebook to present special offers to you for our products or services over the Google Content Network and via social networks. This means you may see an ad for one of our products or services as a result of visiting our website. In addition, RunVermont uses custom audiences based on e-mails and phone numbers of subscribers and customers. This allows us to present special offers for our products and services to you via Facebook and Google. However, your personally identifiable information is not used by any remarketing service other than to present you special offers from us. We use the following third-party service providers for remarketing:
Facebook: Opt-out of Facebook remarketing here
Google: Opt-out of Google remarketing here
Newsletters:
RunVermont uses Constant Contact as its e-mail service provider. Constant Contact collects contact information, distributes our newsletter, and tracks actions you take that assist us in measuring the performance of the website and newsletters. Upon subscription, Constant Contact also tracks the pages you visit on the website. If you become a customer, information about the products you purchase is passed into CC.
Our newsletters contain tracking pixels. This pixel is embedded in e-mails and allows us to analyze the success of our newsletters. Because of these tracking pixels, we may see if and when you open an e-mail, which links within the e-mail you click, and the pages you visit on our website. This behavior is not passed to third-parties. All data submitted at the time of subscription to our newsletter is stored on Constant Contact’s servers. You may access Constant Contacts privacy policy here. At any time, you may be removed from our newsletter list by clicking on the unsubscribe button provided in each e-mail.
Race Registration:
RunVermont uses a third party system called Run SignUp for race registration.
Click here for Run SignUp Privacy Policy.
How Do We Protect Your Information?
We utilize encryption/security best practices to safeguard the confidentiality of personal information we collect from unauthorized access or disclosure and accidental loss, alteration or destruction.
Communication Opt Out
If you wish to opt out of receiving offers directly from RunVermont, you can unsubscribe by following the opt-out instructions in the emails that they send you, located at the footer of the communication. We can be reached by postal mail at One Main Street, Suite 304, Burlington, VT, 05401 or by phone at 802-863-8412 You can email us at amanda@runvermont.org with questions, comments or suggestions.
Do We Disclose Information to Outside Parties?
We may provide aggregate information about our customers, sales, Web site traffic patterns and related Web site information to our affiliates or reputable third parties, but this information will not include personally identifying data, except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy.
What about Legally Compelled Disclosure of Information?
We may disclose information when legally compelled to do so, in other words, when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or for the protection of our legal rights.
What About Other Web Sites Linked to Our Web Site?
We are not responsible for the practices employed by Web sites linked to or from our Web site nor the information or content contained therein.
Shop
Shop The RunVermont Store
Blog
Learn More About RunVermont
Training
Get Ready For Marathon Training
Top