http://www.deer-park.co.uk/privacy_policy
More
Deer Park
HomeCOVID-19MembershipGolfLeisure & FitnessWeddings & EventsMeeting & ConferencesFood & RestaurantsTenpin BowlingUpcoming EventsPrivacy PolicyContact Us
members login
Deer park Golf & Country ClubPrivacy policy
1. Muir Group Plc Privacy NoticeMuir Group Plc (“Muir Construction Ltd”, “Muir Homes Ltd”, “Muir Timber Systems Ltd”, “Muir Leisure Ltd”, “Hermiston Securities Ltd”, “Muir Aberdeen Ltd”, “JW Muir Property Investments Ltd”) is committed to respecting your privacy and to complying with applicable data protection and privacy laws.For Muir Leisure Ltd. the protection of personal data is of the utmost importance. Our Privacy Notice has been written to offer you peace of mind, so that you know exactly how we use, store and protect the personal information you give to us.Our data is safe and secure – we comply with all of the relevant Data Protection regulations, including General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR), and we are committed to using your data in a responsible and sustainable way, making sure that your privacy is protected at all times.2. Information CollectionPersonal DataPersonal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (such as anonymous data).There are some ‘special categories’ of more sensitive personal data which require a higher level of protection.We collect, store and use some or all of the following categories of personal information:•     Client   information:   name,   title,   address,   telephone   number,   email   address, photographic identification, date of birth, bank account details and copies of council tax and utility bills.•     Marketing information: name, title, address, telephone number, email address, event attendance history, payment details and marketing preferences.•     Social media information: username and engagement details (likes, retweets, shares, reactions, comments).We  may  also  collect,  store  and  use  the  following  ‘special  categories’  of  more  sensitive personal information:•     Where we have collected this information other than from you, we will always ask you to confirm its accuracy. By way of example this category may include, amongst other things: race or ethnicity, political opinions, philosophical or religious beliefs, trade union membership, biometric data, medical conditions, prescriptions, surgeries, therapies, medical history and disabilities.Non Personal DataBy  using  our  website,  we  may  automatically  collect  non-personal  information  about  you. Cookies  are  used  throughout  our  website  for  tracking  session  data,  and  this  data  is automatically discarded after you leave the website.  Persistent cookies may also be used to remember your club selection preference.  Cookies do not ever hold personal data such as name, address and contact information.3. How will we use your information?Data Protection says that we are allowed to use and share your personal data only where we  have  a proper  reason to do so.  The  law says  we  must  have  one  or  more of  these reasons and these are:•     Contract  -  your  personal  information  is  processed  in  order  to  fulfil  a  contractual arrangement.•     Consent – where you agree to us using your information in this way e.g. for storing your payment card details.•     Legitimate Interests - this means the interests of Muir Group in managing our business to allow us to provide you with the best products and service in the most secure and appropriate way.•     Legal Obligation  –  where there is statutory or  other  legal requirement to share the information e.g. when we have to share your information for law enforcement purposes.We  may  use  your  information  for  a  number  of  purposes  which  includes:  managing  and administering your account and/or contract; delivering any services, products or information requested  by  you;  responding  to  complaints  or  account  enquiries;  administering  debt recoveries.     Our   lawful   basis   for   this   is   to   fulfil   a   contract   and   legitimate   interest.We use your marketing information for marketing purposes, this includes contacting you with relevant information about our services, developments, special offers, products, inviting you to events and measuring engagement with our communications to ensure that the content that we create is relevant and useful.  Our lawful basis for this is your consent.In submitting a job application and/or speculative CV and if you have provided your consent, we  may  contact  you  to  discuss  if  there  are  other  opportunities  or  provide  you  with recommended jobs or contact you for other jobs you may be interested in.  We will keep your details on file for 12 months unless you inform us otherwise.  Our lawful basis for this is your consent.Any social media posts or comments you send to us (on the Deer Park Facebook page, for instance) will be shared under the terms of the relevant social media platform (e.g. Facebook/Twitter) on which they are written and could be made public.  We are not responsible for this kind  of  sharing. We  recommend  you  should  review  the  terms  and  conditions  and  privacy policies of the social media platforms you use.Change & ConsentYou can update your details, change marketing preferences and/or change your mind and withdraw such consent at  any time by logging  into your  members  page on the Deer  Park website or by contacting:Data Protection OfficerMuir Leisure LtdBelleknowes Industrial EstateInverkeithingKY11 1HYdeerparkcompliance@muir-group.co.uk4. Data SharingWe engage third parties to provide the following services: public relations and marketing, IT support, dictation services, practice management systems, document management systems, case management systems, printing and reprographics support, event hosting services, email marketing management systems, survey and market insight services.All third parties are required to take appropriate security measures to protect your personal information in line with our policies. We do not allow third parties to use your personal data for their own purposes. We only permit them to access your personal data for specific purposes and in accordance with our instructions.Muir Leisure Ltd may also be obliged to disclose your personal information to meet any legal or  regulatory  requirements  (for  example  to  comply  with  a  court  order  or  during  audits)  or obligations in accordance with applicable law (for example HMRC).5. Data RetentionTo make sure we meet our legal data protection and privacy obligations, we only hold on to your  information  for  as  long  as  we  actually  need  it  for  the  purposes  we  acquired  it  for.In most cases, this means we will keep your information for as long as you continue to use our services, and for a reasonable period of time afterwards if you stop doing so.  After that we will delete it other than where we lawfully can keep any data for audit or legal reasons.When  we  no  longer  need  to keep  certain  data,  we  destroy  paper  documents  securely  by shredding and delete the electronic record.In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal information so that it can no longer be associated with you, in which case we may use such information without further notice to you.6. Information SecurityWe have put in place appropriate security measures to protect your personal information from being  accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way,  altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal information to those people who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal information on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.We have put procedures in place to deal with any suspected data security breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a suspected breach where we are legally required to do so.7. Your  rightsWe will securely retain your information for as long as is reasonably necessary and in accordance with applicable law.  Under certain circumstances, by law you have the right to:•     Request access to your personal information. This is commonly known as a subject access request. This enables you to receive a copy of the personal information we hold about you and to check that we are processing it lawfully.•     Request correction of the personal information that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate information we hold about you corrected.•     Request erasure of your personal information. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove  personal  information  where  there  is  no  good  reason  for  us  continuing  to process  it.  You  also  have  the  right  to  ask  us  to  delete  or  remove  your  personal information where you have exercised your right to object to processing (see below).•     Object to processing of your personal information where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground. You also have the right to  object  where  we  are  processing  your  personal  information  for  direct  marketing purposes.•     Request the restriction of processing of your personal information. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of personal information about you, for example if you want us to establish its accuracy or the reason for processing it.If you want to review, verify, correct or request erasure of your personal information or object to the processing of your personal data, please write to us at the following:Data Protection OfficerMuir Leisure LtdBelleknowes Industrial EstateInverkeithingKY11 1HYdeerparkcompliance@muir-group.co.ukYou will not have to pay a fee to access your personal information (or to exercise any of the other rights).  However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request for access is clearly unfounded  or  excessive.  Alternatively,  we  may  refuse  to  comply  with  the  request  in  such circumstances.We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access the information (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is another appropriate security measure to ensure that personal information is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it.You may continue to receive information and mailings for a short period while your request is dealt with.8. If you fail to provide personal informationIf you fail to provide certain personal information when we request it, we may not be able to perform our contract with you properly or we may be prevented from achieving our legitimate interests.9. Change of purposeWe will only use your personal information for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we  reasonably  consider  that  we  need  to  use  it  for  another  purpose  and  that  purpose  is compatible  with  the  original  purpose.  If  we  need  to  use  your  personal  information  for  an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the lawful basis which allows us to do so.10. Privacy SupportMuir Group Ltd. reserves the right to amend or modify this Privacy Notice at any time and in response to changes in applicable data protection and privacy legislation.  If we decide to change our Privacy Notice, we will post the changes on our website so you know what information we collect and how we use it.11. ComplaintsIf you have any concerns over how we use your data, please contact us in the first instance at the following contact details:Data Protection OfficerMuir Leisure LtdBelleknowes Industrial EstateInverkeithingKY11 1HYdeerparkcompliance@muir-group.co.ukIf you are not satisfied that we have addressed your concerns adequately, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the ICO. Their contact details are below:The Information Commissioner's Office – Scotland45 Melville StreetEdinburghEH3 7HLTelephone: 0303 123 1115Email: Scotland@ico.org.uk
Created by intelligentgolf version 10.1.2.
Email us at deerpark@muir-group.co.uk or call us on
01506 446699 to make an enquiry.
Contact Us
Golf
Weddings
Restaurant
Bowling
Subscribe
Subscribe to our newsletters and find
out about our
special offers.
Enquiry Forms
CONTACT FORM
WEDDINGS FORM
EVENTS FORM
BOWLING FORM
GIFT VOUCHERS
GOLF EVENTS FORM
GOLF MEMBERSHIP FORM
Connect With Us
Like us on Facebook
Follow us on Twitter
Youtube
Deer Park Golf & Country Club
Golf Course Road Livingston
West Lothian EH54 8AB
Phone: 01506 446699
Email: deerpark@muir-group.co.uk
Copyright © 2020 Deer Park Golf Club. All Rights Reserved.