http://www.griffincycle.com/articles/your-privacy-pg182.htm
Skip to main content
Menu
x
Store
Store
Shop Online
Bikes
Bikes
Road
Mountain
Cyclocross
Commuter/Urban
Comfort
Fitness
Hybrid
Children's
Tires/Tubes
Tires/Tubes
Tires
Accessories
Accessories
Child Seats
Fenders
Lighting
Locks/Security
Packs/Racks/Baskets
Shoes
Shoes
Cycling Shoes
Service & Rentals
Bike Rentals
Bike Service and Repair Pricing
About Us
Contact Us
Griffin Cycle History
Customer Service Advantage
Thank You For Telling Us!
Join Our Mailing List
Your Privacy
Just for Women
Women's Bikes and Gear
A Women's Guide to Mountain Biking!
A Women's Guide to Road Riding!
Buyer's Guide To Women's Clothing Accessories
Buyer's Guide To Women's Cycling Helmets
Buyer's Guide To Women's Cycling Jerseys
Buyer's Guide To Women's Cycling Shorts
Cycling Info
New To Cycling?
New To Cycling? Start Smart!
New To Mountain Biking? Start Smart!
New To Road Riding? Start Smart!
Getting Into The Sport Of Triathlon
An Introduction To Bicycle Camping
Mountain Bike Advocacy
Dealing With Creatures In The Wild
Help Singletrack Stay Single!
Horse Sense
I.M.B.A. Trail Rules
Trail Being Closed? Here's How To Keep It Open!
Introduction To Cyclocross
Mountain Bike Guide
Road Bike Guide
Join Our Mailing List
Sign up for our Email Newsletter
For Email Marketing you can trust
Thank you for reviewing our policies regarding any personal information you may choose to provide at our website. We take your privacy very seriously and carefully protect any and all information entrusted to us. We only collect information that helps us serve you better and that you voluntarily provide. We do not share your information with anyone else unless you've approved of such sharing in advance.
What Information We Collect
The following types of information may be collected at this website (if you volunteer it):
your email address
your first and last name
your street address, city, state and ZIP Code
pertinent information specific to an event or activity (where relevant)
Third-Party Service Providers
We sometimes use other companies to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include fulfilling orders and delivering packages. They need access to some personal information in order to perform their duties but may not use this information for other purposes.
More About Email & Postal Addresses
If you supply us with your email and/or postal addresses, and do not specify otherwise, you may receive periodic messages from us with information on new products, services or upcoming events.If, later, you decide you no longer wish to receive such messages, you may let us know by sending an e-mail, calling or writing us. To ensure we correctly identify you (many names are similar), please be sure to include your complete name and address and all email addresses that may be associated with your record. This helps us accurately locate your information in our file. Such information will only be used to comply with your request.
If you would like to see your contact information we have on file, please stop in or let us know to what address you'd like us to send a copy.
Periodic Updates
Please check this page for periodic updates on our policies regarding any personal information you've provided to us via our website. Thank you for visiting us online. We appreciate the opportunity to serve you.
Effective as of August 12, 2011