https://www.wheelsinmotion.us/articles/your-privacy-pg406.htm
Skip to main content
Contact Us
|
Menu
x
Cart
Cart
Account
Account
Stores
Stores
About Us
The Wheels In Motion Advantage
Meet the Staff
Wheels in Motion Racing
Accessibility
Contact Us
Employment Opportunities
Policies and Shipping
Your Privacy
Bikes
Road
Mountain
Cyclocross
Commuter/Urban
Comfort
Cruiser
Hybrid
Kids
BMX
Other
All Bikes
Clothing
Men's Clothing
Women's Clothing
Shoes
Accessories
Gloves
Eyewear
Helmets
Jerseys
Protective
Outerwear
Socks
Wetsuits
Accessories
Car Racks
Electronics
Hydration
Lights
Locks
Nutrition
Packs / Racks / Baskets
Pumps & Inflation
Tools
Trailers
Trainers
All Accessory Categories
Parts
Brakes
Saddles
Tires & Tubes
Drivetrain
Handlebars & Grips
Pedals
Wheels
All Component Categories
Our Services
Precision Fit
Service & Repair
Bicycle Maintenance Schedules
Bike Wash
Suspension Services
Pick Up & Delivery
Events / Community
Community Involvement
Events and Rides
Thank you for reviewing our policies regarding any personal information you may choose to provide at our website. We take your privacy very seriously and carefully protect any and all information entrusted to us. We only collect information that helps us serve you better and that you voluntarily provide. We do not share your information with anyone else unless you've approved of such sharing in advance.
What Information We CollectThe following types of information may be collected at this website (if you volunteer it):
your email address
your first and last name
your street address, city, state and ZIP Code
pertinent information specific to an event or activity (where relevant)
Third-Party Service ProvidersWe sometimes use other companies to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include fulfilling orders and delivering packages. They need access to some personal information in order to perform their duties but may not use this information for other purposes.
More About Email & Postal AddressesIf you supply us with your email and/or postal addresses, and do not specify otherwise, you may receive periodic messages from us with information on new products, services or upcoming events.If, later, you decide you no longer wish to receive such messages, you may let us know by sending an e-mail, calling or writing us. To ensure we correctly identify you (many names are similar), please be sure to include your complete name and address and all email addresses that may be associated with your record. This helps us accurately locate your information in our file. Such information will only be used to comply with your request.
If you would like to see your contact information we have on file, please stop in or let us know to what address you'd like us to send a copy.
Periodic UpdatesPlease check this page for periodic updates on our policies regarding any personal information you've provided to us via our website. Thank you for visiting us online. We appreciate the opportunity to serve you.
Effective as of August 12, 2011