https://youraustinmarathon.com/aboutus/privacy/
Privacy Policy
When you consult with our customer service team, send us an email, post on our blog, or communicate with us in any way, you are voluntarily giving us information that we collect. That information may include either your or your Subscribers’ name, physical address, email address, IP address, phone number, credit card information, as well as details including gender, occupation, location, purchase history, and other demographic information.
The Austin Marathon website uses cookies, tracking pixels and related technologies. Cookies are small data files that are served by our platform and stored on your device. Our site uses cookies dropped by third parties or us for a variety of purposes including to operate and personalize the website. Also, cookies may also be used to track how you use the site to target ads to you on other websites.
As of May 2018, we are compliant and reflect the guidelines and policies set forth by the GDPR. If you previously registered and currently reside in Europe, your information was removed from our system. When you register for the Austin Marathon or associated activities, your information will be added to our system, and you will receive Austin Marathon-related information until the end of the month following the event date month. At that time, we will remove all data from our European participants. If you wish to continue to receive marketing emails, please re-sign up for our newsletter. Re-registering for any event will include you in the marketing for that event until it is completed.
Facebook has also implemented flexible ways for their users to see and control how the pixel is used to partner websites. See here.
You can control your Google privacy settings from here: https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated
We may change this Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time. The most recent version of the Privacy Policy is reflected by the version date located at the bottom of this Privacy Policy. All updates and amendments are effective immediately upon notice, which we may give by any means, including, but not limited to, by posting a revised version of this Privacy Policy or other notice on the Website.
Learn more about the Austin Marathon & High Five Events.
Stay Up to Date
Popular Posts
7 Important Items You Need to Start Marathon Training
Ride and Run Austin with Project Connect
Booty Bands: 4 Reasons Why You’ll Love Their Benefits
Search
Contact Us
Sponsors
Volunteer
Privacy
Search
Scroll to top
powered by proof factor - increase conversions with social proof notifications