http://aaal.org/legal
Skip to content
We use cookies to offer you a better browsing experience, "recognize" returning AAAL members, and analyze site traffic. By using the site, you consent to our use of cookies. To withdraw consent, please adjust your cookie settings in your browser.
ACKNOWLEDGE
0 Items
in your cart View Cart
0
Cart
Join
Login
Contact Us
About
About AAAL
Our Mission
Governance
Governance
Strategic Plan
Resolutions
Leadership
Executive Committee
Committees & Councils
Public Affairs & Exhange Committee
Past Presidents
Staff
Fund for the Future of Applied Linguistics
Privacy & Data Use Notice
Social Media Image Vetting Guidelines
Membership
Login: Member Compass
Member Benefits
Join AAAL
New Member Information
Graduate Student Council
Member Testimonies
Share Your Story
Privacy & Data Use Notice
In Memoriam
Outreach
Position Statements
Endorsements
Guidelines For Communicating Rights
Conference
2021 Conference
Proposals
Conference Proposal Tips
FAQ's - Submitting Proposals
Indigenous Language Scholarship Support Fund
Annual Conference History & Future Dates
Conference Volunteers Infographic
Awards
Distinguished Scholarship and Service
Distinguished Public Service
Graduate Student Award
Book Award
First Book Award
Dissertation Award
Research Article Award
How to Submit
Award Winner Publicity Kit
Resources
Members Only
Summer Webinar Series Recordings
Member Directory
Career Center
AAAL Funding Sources
Applied Linguistics Journals
Online Journals & Articles
AAAL & Social Justice Listserv
Discounts for Members
2019 Plenary Speakers
Committee Toolkits
Executive Committee
Nominating Committee
Conference Planning
Award Committee
Other Committees
Race, Racial Justice and Indigenous Language Revitalization
AAALetter
Applied Linguistics Events and Call For Proposals
Applied Linguists in the News Submission
Volunteer
Guidelines
Ethics Guidelines
Promotion & Tenure Guidelines
Guidelines for Publishing in Applied Linguistics
GSC Website
About Applied Linguistics
Oasis
NLP Tools For The Social Sciences
Join
Login
Contact Us
AAAL Privacy & Data Use Notice
AAAL takes your privacy very seriously. This notice explains how AAAL uses any personal information we collect about you when you use this website and/or become a member. AAAL collects personal data only with your consent (i.e. by joining AAAL or creating a guest account) or to fulfill a compelling legitimate interest of AAAL in a manner that does not outweigh your rights and freedoms. AAAL endeavors to apply suitable safeguards to protect the privacy and security of your personal data and to use it only consistent with your relationship with AAAL and the practices described in this Privacy & Data Use Notice.
What information do we collect about you?
We collect information about you when you join AAAL, create a guest account on our website, register for an event, or otherwise input information about yourself in your use of the website. The specific information collected can be found via the join/renewal form, event registration form, etc. This information is collected transparently and voluntarily. Website usage information is collected using cookies (defined below), however this data is not personally identifiable.
How will we use this information?
Your personal, contact, and other information is collected so that AAAL may:
1) provide members, prospective members, and attendees with goods and services, including membership services, educational content, events, and the like;
2) communicate with you about your membership, our events, other association news and business, and/or communicate with you with promotional material from our sponsors;
3) analyze membership composition and trends;
4) tailor member and event services based upon known information about our members;
5) include your contact information in the member directory (separate opt-in);
6) contact you regarding opportunities for volunteer service with the association (your information may be shared with volunteers such as the Executive Committee and Nominations and Elections Committee);
7) to adjudicate awards (your information may be shared with volunteers such as the relevant award committee).
We occasionally sell names and mailing addresses to relevant third parties (i.e. publishers). Explicit permission to include your data is requested via the member join and renew form. We occasionally provide member and conference attendee names and mailing addresses to annual conference sponsors, however AAAL adheres to the referenced consent field. Additionally, we may share personal information with third parties who are facilitating the delivery of AAAL services.
How will we communicate with you?
AAAL will send you information about association news, calls for proposals, registration, etc. By creating an account on the AAAL website, you consent to receiving emailed communications from us. You may opt out from marketing materials using the “Safe Unsubscribe” link on all emails we send or by sending your request to info@aaal.org, though you will subsequently not receive any AAAL news or information (including the call for proposals and registration notices for the annual conference). You will receive automated notices from the website (such as expiration reminders and event registration confirmations) regardless of whether you opt out of marketing materials.
Where is my information stored?
Information related to your member or guest account with AAAL is maintained in your user profile. This personal information is stored in one or more software platforms hosted by third parties. These third parties do not use your personal information for any purpose other than cloud storage and retrieval, or other purpose as noted below. A sample of this software is as follows:
Website association management software
Box.com (software for storage of data back ups)
Constant Contact (email marketing software)
QuickBooks Online (accounting software)
Confex (abstract management software)
AAAL strives to ensure its vendors are GDPR compliant whenever feasible and appropriate.
Website Cookies
As is true of most web sites, AAAL’s website collects certain information automatically utilizing cookies. AAAL utilizes cookies in order to give you the best experience on our website. Cookies assist with the website “remembering” you, and also with our ability to use analyze and assess website behavior and activity so that AAAL may evaluate and adapt the website itself based on visitor use. The information may include internet protocol (IP) addresses, the region or general location where your computer or device is accessing the internet, browser type, operating system and other usage information about the use of the AAAL’s website, including a history of the pages you view. You can set your browser not to accept cookies. For more information on cookies, here are third-party links for your reference:
https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2012/apr/23/cookies-and-web-tracking-intro
www.aboutcookies.org
www.allaboutcookies.org
Other Websites
Our website contains links to other websites and subscription services. This Privacy & Data Use Notice only applies to the AAAL website. When you click a link to an outside website, you are leaving the AAAL site and are subject to the privacy and security policies of the outside website.
Access to your information and correction, right to be forgotten
You can access the information AAAL holds about you and correct it by accessing your website profile at any time. Should you ever wish to be “forgotten” in the future, please contact info@aaal.org so that our staff may anonymize your data.
How to Contact Us
Please contact info@aaal.org with any questions.
AAAL
×
Membership & Account Access
Are you already a member or do you want to create a guest account?
If you are already a member of AAAL or you would like to create a guest account, start by setting up your login information by clicking "Create An Account".
This option is also for current members of AAAL who need to login.
Create an Account
Are you ready to join AAAL?
We offer a variety of membership categories to serve the field of applied linguistics.
View Membership Information