https://aarst.org/privacy-statement
Skip to content
AARST Privacy Statement
AARST takes your online privacy seriously and is fully committed to ensuring that your privacy is respected and protected. The Privacy Policy below outlines the type of information that may be collected and/or requested from you while you are using the AARST web site, as well as ways in which information collected is processed and, sometimes, disseminated. You are, of course, free to use the majority of our site features without providing any personal information. This Privacy Policy covers all AARST web pages.
Advertiser and Partner Links – the AARST website may contain links to advertiser and partner websites. We cannot be responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such non-AARST websites, and we do not control the practices of any of our advertisers or partners to whom we are linked. In order to participate in certain partner and/or advertiser supplied services and tools you may be required to provide personally identifiable information to the advertisers and partners whose tools and services you have chosen to interact with. Each advertiser and partner may request different information from you. If you have additional questions about how one of our advertisers, partners or sponsors uses information about you, we urge you to contact them directly.
AARST may use information (that does not include your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other web sites in order to make choices about the content of this site. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used, please e-mail AARST executive director at director@aarst.org.
Membership Registration – Some areas of the AARST website are reserved for AARST members who have paid the annual membership fee. The Members Only area includes: Development of ANSI-AARST National Radon Standards — Participation, Voting, Commentary and Review; Product Discounts available to AARST Members ONLY; “Rn Biz” Monthly News Bulletin for the Radon Community; and, AARST Board meeting minutes. AARST may use member contact information from the membership registration form to send members information about the organization and its partners via email and/or postal mail. All emails will contain simple instructions on how to unsubscribe.
Edit Member Information – AARST provides you with the ability to change information in your member profile at any time, including contact information or other information you’ve provided to us. Simply sign in to your account to make changes to your membership listing. Please be advised that AARST currently archives information it collects on its members and visitors.
“Rn Biz” Monthly News Bulletin for the Radon Community – AARST offers an informative e-newsletter that is sent to all registered members, or those opting in to our mailing list. You may also receive information about AARST and promotional material from some of our partners via email and/or postal mail. All emails will contain simple instructions on how to unsubscribe.
Security of Information – AARST will have proper security measures in place to protect you from the loss, misuse and alteration of your credit card information if you choose to utilize on-line member registration or make on-line purchases. As a member, you receive access to areas on the site that is limited to only paid members. We recommend that you do not share your password with anyone. AARST uses industry-standard tools to ensure that your information is secure and confidential.
Member Password Security – As a member, you receive access to areas on the site that is limited to only paid members. Sharing of passwords is not acceptable. AARST uses IP address and domain tracking that alerts AARST to security breaches. Member Password abuse may result in the member being notified, and future access to Members Only area may be denied.
IP Address – Your IP address is a number that is assigned by your ISP (Internet Service Provider) to your computer to identify its location. We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our website.
Cookies – We use cookies to allow easier accessibility to the AARST Website. The AARST website uses a feature of your browser to set a “cookie” on your computer. You may modify your browser preference to provide you with choices relating to cookies. You have the choice to accept all cookies, to be notified when a cookie is set or to reject all cookies.
Contact – If you have questions about this Privacy Policy or anything else about AARST, you can contact us at the following email address: info@aarst.org.