https://abecsw.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - American Board of Clinical Social Work
Home
Contact Us
EPICC
ACSWA
ACSWA-VA
Login Assistance
Login
Toggle navigation
Certification
BCD: Advanced Generalist Practice
Children & Their Families
Clinical Social Work Supervision
Psychoanalysis
Renewal
Verification
ABE & Clinical Social Work
About ABCSW
Clinical Social Work
Clinical Social Workers
Clinical Social Work Described
BCD Clinical Social Workers
BCD Online Directory
BCD Benefits
Code of Ethics
FAQs
Publications
Login
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
The Center for Clinical Social Work (“The Center”) provides the American Board of Examiners in Clinical Social Work (“ABE”) website for your use and maintains the following Privacy Policy relative to the information that you provide online.
This website is owned and operated by the Center. By using the Center’s ABE website, you signify your assent to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to all of the terms of this Privacy Policy, and to the Terms and Conditions of Use, do not use the Center’s ABE website.
This Privacy Policy does not supersede the Terms and Conditions of Use “Terms of Use”). Any conflict between the two shall be resolved in favor of the Terms of Use. The Center may change this Privacy Policy at any time; changes will be effective immediately upon posting to the Center’s ABE Website, so please check back regularly.
This Privacy Policy will tell you:
What Information We Collect and How It is Used by ABE
With Whom We May Share Your Personally Identifiable Information
How We Use Cookies
How to Correct and Update Personally Identifiable Information
How We Handle Credit Card Information
Our Policy on Retention of Personally Identifiable Information
What Security Procedures We Use to Protect Your Personally Identifiable Information
What Happens When You Leave The Center’s ABE Website
Certain Ways We Monitor The Center’s ABE Website
Reorganization
Where Questions Are Answered About This Privacy Policy
Information We Collect and How It Is Used by Center/ABE
Personally Identifiable Information (PII). No personally identifiable information (e.g., names, addresses, email addresses, telephone numbers) is collected through the Center/ABE Website unless provided voluntarily by you while participating in activity that asks for PII. Where Center/ABE does collect PII it is generally used to help Center/ABE deliver services more easily and efficiently. It may also permit us to design and offer specific products and services that will be useful to ABE Board Certified Diplomates in Clinical Social Work (known as “BCD constituents”) or provide additional value to the Board Certified Diplomate (BCD) certification and our other credentials, including providing certain services to users who are not themselves our constituents.
The Center/ABE keeps PII private and confidential, except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy or in the Terms of Use. The PII you provide will be stored in a secure location, accessible only by authorized staff, and used only for the purposes for which you provided the information, such as to reply to your request or to send you requested materials. Center/ABE operates on the assumption that users who provide PII would like to receive Center/ABE announcements and notices, and to have users’ names and addresses made available to third parties to enhance the benefits of certification. Your PII may be corrected and updated, and you may opt to suppress certain information by following the instructions in Section 4, below.
Some e-mails sent in HTML format by the Center/ABE to its BCD constituents may inform us whether a recipient has subsequently clicked through to links provided in the message. This information is for the exclusive use of the Center/ABE and is used to enhance our products and services and the distribution of those products and services to our constituents.
No Collection or Tracking of Visitors’ PII. Our website does not track, collect, or distribute PII about unregistered visitors to our sites.
Aggregate Information. The Center/ABE Website may collect information about each visitors’ browser type, browser version, operating system, and IP address, which is technical information typically relayed by the visitor’s browser. These types of information are not stored permanently by us and is used only as anonymous aggregate user-data to improve our services. The Center/ABE may compile aggregate statistics that show the number of visitors to our site, requests for particular information, and the sources (Internet Service Providers) from which those requests come. For instance, we may keep a total count on the number of people visiting a certain web page, but we do not collect PII on unregistered visitors. The Center/ABE does not disseminate any of the aggregate information we collect.
Survey Information. From time to time the Center/ABE may request information from website users by way of surveys; and certain applicants for our certificates are required to fill out a questionnaire. Participation in our surveys (but not in the applicant questionnaire) is completely voluntary and the user has a choice of whether or not to disclose information. Information requested may include contact information (PII) and demographic information. Survey information may be used for the purpose of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction level associated with the Center/ABE Website to provide constituent services, or to help address issues affecting the clinical social work community.
With Whom We May Share Your Personally Identifiable Information (PII)
As noted above, where PII is required in order for you to use the Center/ABE Website, and except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy or in the Terms of Use, the Center/ABE keeps that information private and confidential. Please note that we may share limited PII with third parties as noted below.
OnLine Certificant Directory. The Center/ABE maintains an online directory of BCD constituents (the “Online BCD Directory”) available to the public. In most cases, this Directory contains the name, address, telephone number, fax number, and e-mail address (if available) of each certificant. Inclusion in the Directory is a benefit of certification by ABE. Use of the Directory is subject to specific terms and conditions set forth in our Terms of Use.
How We Use Cookies
Cookies are small text files commonly placed on your computer while you are visiting certain websites on the Internet. They are used to identify your computer. For example, cookies are used by some sites to greet you personally, to post a list of your favorite books to purchase, or to show what you had in your shopping basket the last time you visited.
The Center/ABE Website may place a temporary “session” cookie on your computer for applications such as online registration forms. The cookies are not used to collect or store information on you and do not track you or identify you upon your return to the Center/ABE Website. Our cookies are temporary and will be deleted when you exit your browser. Please note, however, that Center/ABE cannot control the use of cookies by third parties.
You can delete cookies or prevent cookies from being placed on your computer by using the relevant feature of your browser’s preferences menu. Programs also may be purchased to help you manage cookies and your privacy generally. Such actions, however, may cause some websites not to work properly.
Correcting and Updating Personally Identifiable Information (PII)
To correct, update, or suppress certain PII, either use the relevant feature of the Center/ABE Website or contact the Center’s office.
How We Handle Credit Card Information
Any credit card information (a form of PII) provided to the Center/ABE will be used only for billing purposes related to the provision of our services or products, whether or not provided through the Center/ABE Website (e.g. BCD annual fees). In some cases, this may involve providing your credit card information to our third party providers or business partners. The Center/ABE and its authorized providers and partners will only use your credit card information to process transactions you request. Credit card information provided to Center/ABE will never be sold or shared with any other party, except as set forth in this Privacy Policy or pursuant to the Terms of Use.
Our Policy on Retention of Personally Identifiable Information
The Center/ABE may retain PII regarding registered constituents and members indefinitely, and retains billing information and purchasing data for at least five years or as dictated by legal requirements.
Security Procedures We Use to Protect Your Personally Identifiable Information
The Center/ABE is committed to keeping your PII secure. We limit access to PII: technology relating to PII is password-protected and its access is limited to authorized Center personnel. The Center/ABE uses other industry-standard technologies to keep PII secure while residing on its servers; however, there is always some risk that an unauthorized third party may find a way around our security systems. In addition, please note that normal email is not encrypted and therefore is not a secure means of transmitting your PII.
What Happens When You Leave Our Center/ABE Website
The Center/ABE Website contains links to other websites on the Internet not under our control. The Center/ABE is not responsible for the Privacy Policies, Terms of Use, or content of any such websites, for more information about which you are referred to the websites’ sponsoring organizations.
Certain Ways We Monitor The Center/ACSWA/ABE Websites
We provide the Center/ABE Website, and its information, as a service. The Center/ABE Website is monitored for purposes such as ensuring proper operation and verifying the functioning of applicable security features. Anyone using the Center/ABE Website expressly consents to such monitoring. Unauthorized attempts to modify any information stored on this system, to defeat or circumvent security features, or to utilize this system for other than its intended purposes are prohibited and may result in criminal prosecution.
Reorganizations
If the Center/ABE ever undergoes a reorganization, change of control, or acquisition by or merger with another entity, all user information on its website(s) may be transferred to the reorganized, acquiring, or merging entity, which will use the information in accordance with this privacy policy.
Where You Can Get Questions Answered About This Privacy Policy
Send questions about this Privacy Policy to abe@abecsw.org. If you do not receive adequate resolution of a privacy-related problem, write to The Center for Clinical Social Work, 241 Humphrey St., Marblehead, MA, 01945 USA.
Discounted Liability Insurancefor Diplomates
Home | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Center for Clinical Social Work | ACSWA | Contact Us | Login
19 Mantua Rd, Mount Royal, NJ 08061 USA
©2012-2020 American Board of Clinical Social Work |  Phone: 800-694-5285  |  Web Design by Flat Rock Creative  |  Web Development by CAN Connect
Log in
Sign in
Remember me
Lost your password?
Forgot your details?
Submit
I remember my details