http://accuratechemical.com/about-us/accurate-chemical-a-scientific-privacy-policy
PHONE: 516-333-2221 - TOLL FREE: 1-800-645-6264
Home
Products
Antibodies and Antigens
Bovine Host
Cat Host
Chicken Host
Dog Host
Donkey Host
Goat Host
Guinea Pig Host
Hamster Host
Horse Host
Human Host
Rabbit Host
Rat Host
Misc Host
Mouse Host
Sheep Host
Swine Host
Lab Equipment
Biocolor Assay Kits
Cell Separation Media
Cart
About Us
Sitemap
About Us
Privacy Policy
Web Shop Terms
and Conditions
Catalogs
News & Events
Distributors
Accurate Chemical & Scientific Privacy Policy
Data Privacy Statement
Accurate Chemical intends to protect the privacy of information it collects from online visitors to Accurate Chemical’s website. The following describes how Accurate Chemical handles information collected via its website.
Accurate Chemical & Scientific Corp. ascribes a high importance to the protection of your personal data. Observation of and compliance with the statutory provisions on data privacy and data security are matters of concern for us. All information such as, first name, last name, address, phone number, fax, email address, IP-address, etc. are called personal data. We want to inform you about when we collect which of your personal data and how we use them. We have taken technical and organizational measures that ensure that the provisions on data privacy are observed by us. Your data is protected in the scope of the statutory provisions of the relevant data privacy laws (e.g. EU data privacy regulation). We collect, save and use your personal data in order to give you access to special information and to communicate with you. Below, you can find information on which data will be recorded during your visit to the website and how this data may be used. If you have any questions or requests regarding data privacy, please email the l data privacy officer of Accurate Chemical & Scientific Instruments corp. at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.or write to Accurate Chemical & Scientific Corp., 554 Westbury Avenue, Carle Place, N.Y. 11514
Collection and Processing of Data
By submitting your personal data to us, you consent to the collection, processing and use of your data according to this data privacy statement. This is done using the following paths:
The information that you shall give to Accurate Chemical when registering as a customer or signing up for a newsletter is necessary for the creation of your profile, establishment and delivery of purchased goods. Accurate Chemical is required to process all data delivered or gathered by its own motion in a confidential manner, including details of the selected products. Also, Accurate Chemical uses cookies on the websites that collect information on any and all visitors to the Accurate Chemical Site. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can change your browser to reject them if you wish to.
Personally, Identifiable Information
Accurate Chemical may collect the following information when voluntarily provided by you when signing up for a service or a purchase:
First name, Last name, company name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, fax number, company registration number.
Accurate Chemical does not request credit card information on its website and recommends providing this information in a more secure manner. Accurate Chemical and the appointed data controller will of course make sure to protect this information in accordance with the United States Data Protection Act.
IP Address:
When a user visits any web site owned or operated by Accurate Chemical, Accurate Chemical may collect the IP address that requested the display of the Accurate Chemical site. Sign up and survey information:
Any information you provide to Accurate Chemical as part of your use of any Accurate Chemical site will be stored as entered.
Any information collected will only be used in connection with the purpose for which it has been provided and requested. Accurate Chemical will not disclose your personal data to third parties under any circumstances, except as set forth under the section 'Direct Communication to Accurate Chemical' in Accurate Chemical’s Legal Disclaimer. For your own safety please make sure that your choice of password to gain access to your personal information via an account is made wisely.
Submission of Information
Contact
By using our Contact Us page and submitting your form, or via our E-Mail address This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. Click this link to open your own email application on your computer. The E-Mail will then be sent to us via your own system. Please also observe that you should avoid giving confidential information in this. In that case, please contact us to coordinate secure submission of private data such as credit card information
Cookies
In order to make your visit to our website attractive and to enable the use of certain functions, we use so-called cookies on various pages. These are small text files that are stored on your computer and mobile devices. Some of the cookies we use are deleted after the end of the browser session, i.e. after closing your browser (so-called session cookies). Other cookies remain on your computer and enable us to recognize your browser on your next visit (persistent cookies).
You can delete all cookies stored on your computer and set most browsers so that the storage of cookies is prevented. How, you can find out here: AllAboutCookies.org.
Links to other websites from Accurate Chemical’s website
Accurate Chemical’s website may contain links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by Accurate Chemical & Scientific Corporation. Accurate Chemical does not have control over and assumes no responsibility for the content of and the terms of use or privacy policies which may apply to such websites and Accurate Chemical disclaims any liability in this regard. Accurate Chemical suggests that you contact such websites directly for information concerning their terms of use and privacy policies.
Links from other websites to Accurate Chemical’s website
Other websites owned or controlled by third parties may be linking to Accurate Chemical’s website. Accurate Chemical does not have control over and assumes no responsibility for the content of and the terms of use or privacy policies which may apply to such websites linking to Accurate Chemical’s website and Accurate Chemical disclaims any liability in this regard
Use and Forwarding of Personal Data
If you have provided us with any personal data, we will use these only to answer your requests for technical assistance and for our marketing as far as you have agreed to this. Your personal data will only be passed on or otherwise submitted to any third parties if this is necessary for the purpose of order processing, required for settlement purposes, if we are legally required to do so or if you have previously consented to it. You have the right to revoke any consent granted effective for the future with immediate effect. The personal data saved are deleted when you revoke your consent to storage, if their knowledge is no longer required to meet the purpose pursued by storage, i.e. if the process has been completed and no statutory deletion deadlines oppose this or if storage is inadmissible for other statutory reasons. If the data cannot be deleted, they will be locked until the end of the statutory deletion deadlines.
Right to Information-Related Self-Determination
You have the right to learn which of your data are saved by us (information right), and have incorrect data corrected or deleted/locked. Upon written request, we will gladly inform you of the data saved about your person. For this, we will send you a registered letter with the corresponding documents. Please understand that we must verify you as the recipient, of course – to protect your personal data.
Safety
We strive to keep your personal data inaccessible for third parties by taking all technical and organizational measures to make them inaccessible to third parties. When communicating via unencrypted email (via a direct link with an email address), complete data security cannot be ensured by us. Therefore, we recommend postal mailings or phone contact for confidential information.
If you should have any questions regarding Accurate Chemical’s treatment of personal information please contact
Rudy Rosenberg, President554 Westbury Avenue, Carle Place, NY 11514 E-mail: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
ACCURATE CHEMICAL & SCIENTIFIC CORPORATION300 SHAMES DRIVE, WESTBURY, NY 11590PHONE: 516-333-2221   TOLL FREE: 1-800-645-6264FAX: 516-997-4948
©2019 Accurate Chemical & Scientific Corporation
Accurate Chemical & Scientific Corporation Web Shop Terms and Conditions
Accurate Chemical & Scientific Corporation Privacy Policy