http://accuratechemical.com/about-us/accurate-chemical-a-scientific-corporation-web-shop-terms-and-conditions
PHONE: 516-333-2221 - TOLL FREE: 1-800-645-6264
Home
Products
Antibodies and Antigens
Bovine Host
Cat Host
Chicken Host
Dog Host
Donkey Host
Goat Host
Guinea Pig Host
Hamster Host
Horse Host
Human Host
Rabbit Host
Rat Host
Misc Host
Mouse Host
Sheep Host
Swine Host
Lab Equipment
Biocolor Assay Kits
Cell Separation Media
Cart
About Us
Sitemap
About Us
Privacy Policy
Web Shop Terms
and Conditions
Catalogs
News & Events
Distributors
Accurate Chemical & Scientific Corporation Web Shop Terms & Conditions
Legal Disclaimer - Terms of Use
Please read the following legal disclaimer carefully.
Terms of Use
This website contains information about Accurate and its various products and services and any information provided herein is provided solely for information purposes. The website does not provide advice or recommendations of any kind and should not be relied upon as the basis for any decision or action. Your access to and use of the information contained herein is subject to this Legal Disclaimer and Privacy Statement and all applicable laws as well as our terms and conditions for purchasing goods. By accessing and browsing this website, you accept, without limitation or qualification, this Legal Disclaimer and Privacy Statement. Accurate reserves its right to alter, modify, substitute or delete any content of its website and may restrict access to or discontinue distribution of this website at any time and at its sole discretion.
Newsletters
When you visit the Accurate website or when you create an account with Accurate, you may accept to receive one or more of our newsletters. At any time, you may opt-out of receiving these newsletters by selecting the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of any newsletter, or by contacting Accurate at the address indicated in these terms of use or by clicking on the unsubscribe button present on the website.
Disclaimed liability
Accurate has taken reasonable measures to ensure that the information contained within this website is reliable, however, by using this website, you accept that the information and services provided on Accurate’s website are provided "AS IS" and that Accurate does not make any representations or warranties, expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement. Accurate makes no representations or warranties of any kind as to the completeness, accuracy, timeliness, availability, functionality and compliance with applicable laws. By using Accurate’s website you accept the risk that the information may be incomplete or inaccurate or may not meet your needs or requirements.
Neither Accurate nor its content providers shall be liable for any damages or injury arising out of your access to, or inability to access, this site or your reliance on any information provided herein. Accurate disclaims any and all liability for direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, punitive, and special or other damages, lost opportunities, lost profit or any other loss or damages of any kind. This limitation includes but is not limited to damages for any bugs, viruses and the like, which may affect your computer equipment.
Your sole and exclusive remedy for any dispute with Accurate in this connection is to stop accessing the Accurate website and to cancel any account you or your company have made.
Links to other sites from Accurate’s website
Accurate’s website may contain links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by. Accurate does not have control over and assumes no responsibility for the content of and the terms of use or privacy policies which may apply to such websites and Accurate disclaims any liability in this regard. Accurate suggests that you contact such websites directly for information concerning their terms of use and privacy policies.
Links from other website to Accurate’s website
Other websites owned or controlled by third parties may be linking to Accurate’s website. Accurate does not have control over and assumes no responsibility for the content of and the terms of use or privacy policies which may apply to such websites linking to Accurate’s website and Accurate disclaims any liability in this regard.
Copyright and use of content
The content of Accurate’s website is the property of Accurate and is protected by applicable law, including but not limited to copyright law, patent law and the Marketing Practices Act. The trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos and products displayed on Accurate’s website are protected worldwide and may not be used without the prior written consent of Accurate. You may, subject to this Legal Disclaimer and our Privacy Statement Policy, download content from Accurate’s website solely for the your personal and non-commercial use. Except for the download of content for your personal and non-commercial use, you may not otherwise copy, display, modify, reproduce, transmit or use the content in any other manner without the express written consent of Accurate.
Privacy policy
The information that you shall give to Accurate when registering as a customer or signing up for a newsletter is necessary for the creation of your profile, establishment and delivery of purchased goods. Accurate is required to process all data delivered or gathered by its own motion in a confidential manner, including details of the selected products. Also, Accurate uses cookies on the websites that collect information on any and all visitors to the Accurate Site. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies but you can change your browser to reject them, if you wish to.
You can see more on our collection of private information and the use of cookies etc. in our Privacy Statement.
Direct Communication to Accurate
Any questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, inventions, concepts, techniques, know how or any other communications, which you forward or otherwise transmit, electronically or by any other means, to Accurate via Accurate’s website, will be treated as non-confidential, non-proprietary information and will become the property of Accurate, which Accurate without restriction may use in any fashion and for any purposes whatsoever including developing, manufacturing and/or marketing goods or services.
Contact Accurate
You may at any time contact Accurate on the following address:
Rudy Rosenberg, President 554 Westbury Avenue, Carle Place, N.Y. 11514Email: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Governing Law and Venue
Your access and use of Accurate’s website and the contents hereof shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the Laws of the United States without regard to its conflict of law rules. Any dispute arising out of or in relation to Accurate’s website, including this disclaimer, these terms of use, shall, if it cannot be solved amicably, be submitted exclusively to the jurisdiction of the NYS Supreme Court.
ACCURATE CHEMICAL & SCIENTIFIC CORPORATION300 SHAMES DRIVE, WESTBURY, NY 11590PHONE: 516-333-2221   TOLL FREE: 1-800-645-6264FAX: 516-997-4948
©2019 Accurate Chemical & Scientific Corporation
Accurate Chemical & Scientific Corporation Web Shop Terms and Conditions
Accurate Chemical & Scientific Corporation Privacy Policy