https://agrdynamics.com/about-us/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
AGR Dynamics privacy notice is based on EU regulation 2016/679.
When AGR Dynamics collects private information data, it is for contracted purposes only. When receiving job applications, inquiries and other requests that include personal information such as name, email details and other contact information, AGR Dynamics commits to store this data in a secure and orderly manner and will not share it with any third parties without written consent. By visiting our website www.agrdynamics.com some information is stored. This information is mainly used for statistical purposes.
If a data subject has any questions or other issues regarding their stored personal information, they can contact us on info@agrdynamics.com
Cookie Policy
Cookies are small text files that are placed on to your computer by websites that you visit. They are used to make websites work, to improve efficiency of websites, to improve the user’s experience and to provide usage information on websites. This information should make your website visits more productive by storing and using information on your website preferences and habits.
Your web browser can choose whether or not to accept cookies. Most web browser software is initially set up to accept them.
We may offer cookies to you and you should ensure that your web browser is set up to not accept cookies if you do not wish to receive them. Please note that if you disable cookies, some services or website functionality may not be available. For further information about cookies and how to disable them please go to aboutcookies.org. We use the following cookies:
Essential cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website, and to use online forms.
Analytical cookies. They allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Marketing cookies. These are used to recognize you when you return to our website. This enables us to personalize our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences. These cookies also record your visit to our website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our website, the advertising displayed on it and communications sent more relevant to your interests.
By continuing to use this site, you are accepting our use of these cookies that make advertising and communications more relevant to you and your interests, and further help us to improve the site.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy