http://all-science-fair-projects.com/help/privacy.html
All Science Fair Projects
Over 1000 FREE Science Fair Project Ideas!
Search
Browse
Forum
Coach
Links
Editor
Help
Tell-a-Friend
Top 20 Science Project Searches
Science Fair Coach
What do science fair judges look out for?
Help:
How do I use the Search tool?
What do the different colors represent?
Ask a question or give us feedback / suggestions
Privacy policy
Our
Privacy Policy
All
Science Fair Projects respects your privacy. We do not sell any
information that we collect.
Third Party Ads:We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.
Statistics:
We keep records of general statistics (for example, the total number
of daily visitors on out site) for various purposes such as in order
to improve our services, and also to facilitate site sponsorship/advertising.
Cookies:
To allow us to provide the services for which our site was designed,
we use a common feature found in browser, called "cookies". This
doesn't identify the person but simply just the computer that the
visitor uses to access our site. You can disable cookies at any
time by changing the preferences in your browser. Our advertisers
or third-party ad servers may assign their own cookies to your browser,
a process that we do not normally control.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website.
These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address,
or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to
provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like
more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this
information used by these companies, please read on.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on all-science-fair-projects.com.
Google's use of the Doubleclick DART cookie enables it to serve ads
to persons who visit all-science-fair-projects.com based on their
visit to all-science-fair-projects.com and other sites on the Internet.
All users of all-science-fair-projects.com may opt out of the use of the DART cookie
by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Attention
all Kids!
All Science Fair Projects encourages you to get permission from
your parents before sending any personal information about yourself
(such as your name or your email address) over the Internet, to
us or to anyone else.
Attention
all Parents!
Would you like to know our privacy policy for children under the
age of thirteen? Then read on!
Right
to ask us to stop communicating.
Please note that at any time, you may send us an email to request
that we stop all communications with your child.
What
Information do we collect from children who are under 13 years
of age?
All Science Fair Projects generally limits its collection of information
from kids to basic information such as email addresses, names
and level of education. This information is collected so that
we are better able to provide services (such as newsletters) or
certain promotions or other activities to them. We will request
that the child provide his/her personal details, without having
to first seek your permission, if the offered activity involves
a one-off communication with your child. On the other hand, if
the activity involves regular communication with your child (such
as for a newsletter, contests or features that require a login),
we will require your child to provide us with your name and e-mail
address. All Science Fair Projects will use your details to then
send you an e-mail, informing you of your child's request to participate.
Your child will not be entered into the activity until you are
given the opportunity to choose not to allow him or her to continue.
If we do not receive a response from you, your consent will be
assumed.
What
do we do with the information?
We will only use information that we have collected from your
child who is under 13 years of age, in connection with the stated
purpose for which the information was collected.
If
you have any questions at any time, please email us at info@all-science-fair-projects.com
Kits for your science fair projectsScience fair bookScience kit search tool
Science kits, science lessons, science toys, maths toys, hobby kits,
science games and books - these are some of many products that can
help give your kid an edge in their science fair projects, and develop
a tremendous interest in the study of science. When shopping for
a science kit or other supplies, make sure that you carefully review
the features and quality of the products. Compare prices by going
to several online stores. Read product reviews online or refer to
magazines.
Copyright (C) 2020 All Science Fair Projects.com. All Rights Reserved.
Site
All Science Fair Projects Homepage
Search | Browse |
Links | Handbook |
From-our-Editor	|
Books |
Privacy | Disclaimer|
Copyright notice