https://allenai.org/privacy-policy
Privacy PolicyEffective: July 8, 2020
The Allen Institute for Artificial Intelligence (“AI2”) is committed to maintaining your confidence and trust with respect to your privacy. Please read this privacy policy carefully to understand our practices about how we collect, use and share your personal information.
ABOUT OUR PRIVACY POLICY
This privacy policy applies when you visit or use our websites and other services, including events, that refer or link to this privacy policy (each, a “Service”). It also describes your choices regarding use, access and correction of your personal information. If you do not agree with the terms of this privacy policy, do not access or use the Services. This privacy policy may be supplemented by additional privacy statements, terms or notices provided to you.
This privacy policy does not apply to any third party applications or software that integrates with the Services, or any other third party products, services or businesses (“Third Party Services”). In addition, a separate agreement may govern delivery, access and use of the Services (the “User Agreement”), including the processing of any content submitted through your use of the Services (collectively, “User Data”). User Data may include, among other things, your name, user name, address, email address, telephone number, academic or other professional affiliation, digital object identifier, and other contact and demographic information when you register and set up an account, fill out a form, submit a comment or contact us by e-mail or other means. The organization (e.g., your employer or another entity or person) that entered into the User Agreement (“User”) controls the content submitted through the Services and any associated User Data.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT: We collect information about you in three ways: directly from your input, from third-party sources, and through automated technologies.
Your Input - information you provide to us: The types of personal information that we collect directly from you depends on the content and features of the Service you use and how you otherwise interact with us and may include:
Contact details, such as your name, email address, postal address, phone number and social media handle;
Account login credentials, such as usernames and passwords, password hints and similar security information;
Other account registration and profile information, including educational, professional and other background information, such as your field of study, current position, practice area and areas of interests, and photo;
Information that you communicate to us, such as questions or information you send to ai2-info@allenai.org;
Data that you provide to us as part of interacting with the Service, such as your saved papers, email alerts, favorites and search queries; and/or
Communications preferences, such as your preferred language and the frequency, type and format of the alerts you sign up to receive.
Third Party Sources: Data from other sources: We also may obtain contact details and other information about you from our parent corporation, affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively, “PGA Group”) as well as from third parties, including: (1) third party companies or individuals that help us process information and support the Services (“Third Party Providers”); and (2) publicly-available sources and data suppliers from which we obtain data to validate or supplement the information we hold.
This data may be combined with other information we collect and might include aggregate level data, such as which IP addresses correspond to zip codes or countries.
We cannot control the actions of other users with whom you may choose to share your information. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your information will not be viewed by unauthorized persons. You understand that when you use public areas of the Services, your information will be available to other users and in some cases may be publicly available. We recommend you be cautious about giving out personal information to others or sharing personal information in public areas, whether designated as public or private. We are not responsible for the personal information you choose to share in these public areas or for the actions of any third parties with whom you share personal information.
Typically, Third Party Services are software that integrates with our Services, and User can permit its Authorized Users to enable and disable these integrations. Once enabled, the provider of a Third Party Service may share certain information with AI2. Authorized Users should check the privacy settings and notices in these Third Party Services to understand what data may be disclosed to AI2. When a Third Party Service is enabled, AI2 is authorized to connect and access other information made available to AI2 in accordance with our agreement with the Third Party Provider. We do not, however, receive or store passwords for any of these Third Party Services when connecting them to the Services.
Automated Technologies - Device and usage data: The Service may also automatically collect information about how you and your device interact with the Service, such as:
Computer, device and connection information, such as IP address, browser type and version, operating system and other software installed on your device, unique device identifier and other technical identifiers, error reports and performance data and your activity on the websites;
Usage data, such as the features you used, the settings you selected, URL click stream data, including date and time stamp and referring and exit pages, and pages you visited on the Service;
For educational Services, the course modules and test questions you view, answer or complete; and/or
For location-aware Services, the physical location of your device.
COOKIES: We collect data through our servers and the use of cookies and other technologies. You can control cookies through your browser’s settings and other tools. However, if you choose to block certain cookies, you may not be able to register, login, or access certain parts or make full use of the Service. We use cookies to track website use to help us learn how well the Services perform. We also use cookies to understand, improve and research products, features and services, including to create logs and record when you access the Services from different devices, such as your work computer or your mobile device.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION: This Section describes how AI2 may share and disclose information. Depending on how you interact with us and the Service, we share your personal information in the following ways and contexts.
User Consent: We use information to fulfill requests made by you, such as to:
Respond to your requests, inquiries, comments or concerns;
Process and fulfill a request, order, download, subscription or other transaction; and/or
Share information with third parties and to enable or permit Authorized Users to enable Third Party Services.
Manage the Service: We use information to provide, update, maintain and protect our Services, websites and business. This includes use of information to:
Provide, activate and manage your access to and use of the Service;
Notify you about changes, updates and other announcements related to the Service;
Enhance and improve the Service, such as add new content and features;
Allow you to participate in interactive features on our website;
Send service, technical and other administrative emails, messages and other types of communications;
If you are an administrator of an institution with a subscription to a Service, we will use your details to communicate with you about your institution’s subscription and related services. If you supply us contact information of your colleagues, we may include a reference to you when we contact those individuals with communications about the Service; and/or
Engage Third Party Providers who may, for example, provide virtual computing and storage services. Additional information about the Third Party Providers we use to support delivery of our Services is available upon written request to legal@allenai.org
Manage Security: We use information to enforce our rights, prevent fraud, and for safety and to protect and defend the rights, property or safety of AI2 or third parties, including enforcing contracts or policies, or in connection with investigating and preventing fraud or security issues, in the following ways:
Provide technical, product and other support and help to keep the Service working, safe and secure;
Investigate and help prevent security issues and abuse;
Conduct and administer user testing and surveys;
Prevent or address service errors;
Address security or technical issues; and/or
Contact you to inform you about changes in our Services, our Services offerings, and important Services-related notices, such as security and fraud notices.
Legal and Corporate Compliance: We use information to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements required by applicable law, legal process or regulation.
Other Legitimate Interests: We use information in furtherance of other legitimate interests in operating our Services and business. More specifically, we use information to:
Conduct scientific research and for statistical purposes;
Enhance and improve our events and Services and develop new ones;
Offer you customized content and other personalization to make the Service more efficient for you and more relevant to your interests and geography;
Identify usage trends and develop data analysis, including for the purposes of research, audits, reporting and other business operations and scientific purposes; and/or
Develop and provide search, learning and productivity tools and additional features.
If information is aggregated or de-identified so it is no longer reasonably associated with an identified or identifiable natural person, AI2 may use it for any business purpose. Users determine their own policies and practices for the sharing and disclosure of information, and AI2 does not control how they or any other third parties choose to share or disclose information.
DATA RETENTION: We retain your information for as long as necessary to provide the Service and fulfill the transactions you have requested, or for other essential purposes such as complying with our legal obligations, maintaining the Service, resolving disputes, maintaining security, detecting and preventing fraud and abuse, enforcing our agreements and other legitimate interests.
DATA SECURITY: We work hard to protect information you provide from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access or disclosure. We take into account the sensitivity of the information we collect, process and store, and the current state of technology. We follow generally accepted standards to protect the information submitted to us, both during transmission and once it is received. If you have any questions about the security of your information, you can contact us at legal@allenai.org Given the nature of communications and information processing technology, AI2 cannot guarantee that information, during transmission through the Internet or while stored on our systems or otherwise in our care, will be absolutely safe from intrusion by others. The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where AI2 has given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of the websites, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone, and we urge you to be careful about giving out information in public areas of the websites like message boards. The information you share in public areas may be viewed by any user of the websites.
LOCATIONS OF PROCESSING: Your information will be stored and processed by AI2 in the United States. We take steps, including through contracts, to ensure that the information continues to be protected wherever it is located in a manner consistent with the standards of protection required under applicable law. Where personal information is transferred from the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or Switzerland, we rely on appropriate safeguards such as the European Commission-approved Standard Contractual Clauses and Privacy Shield Frameworks to transfer the data and/or as otherwise authorized by applicable law.
GROUNDS FOR PROCESSING: When we collect from you any personal information within the scope of European data protection laws, we do so:
where necessary to provide the Service, fulfill a transaction or otherwise perform a contract with you or at your request prior to entering into a contract;
where necessary for our compliance with applicable law or other legal obligation;
where necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest;
where applicable, with your consent;
as necessary to operate our business, protect the security of our systems and Users, detect or prevent fraud, or fulfill our other legitimate interests as described in the sections above, except where our interests are overridden by your privacy rights; and/or
where necessary to complete scientific research where omitting such personal information would render impossible or seriously impair the achievement of the specific scientific research purpose.
Where we rely on your consent to process personal information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, and where we rely on legitimate interests, you may have the right to object to our processing.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY: AI2 may change this privacy policy from time to time. Laws, regulations and industry standards evolve, which may make those changes necessary, or we may make changes to our business. We will post the changes to this page and encourage you to review our Privacy Policy to stay informed. If we make changes that materially alter your privacy rights, AI2 will provide additional notice, such as via email or through the Services. If you disagree with the changes to this Privacy Policy, you should deactivate your Services account. Contact the User if you wish to request the removal of Personal Data under their control.
CONTACT: If you have any questions, comments, complaints or requests regarding this privacy policy or our processing of your information, please contact:
AI2 Legal Department
2157 North Northlake Way, Suite 110
Seattle, WA. 98103
Attn: legal@allenai.org
CHILDREN UNDER THE AGE OF 13: Our Sites are not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any information to or on the Sites. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on the Sites or on or through any of its features, make any purchases through the Sites, use any of the interactive or public comment features of this Sites or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address or any screen name or user name you may use. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at legal@allenai.org and we will delete that information immediately.
SERVICE-SPECIFIC DETAILS: Please read the service-specific details below for additional information about certain AI2 projects:
Semantic Scholar (www.semanticscholar.org):
We collect author names as publicly accessible metadata from the web, publishers and other sources for display across our website including in association with papers, presentations, blog posts, code repositories, videos and citations/references. This data and content is stored indefinitely, but can be removed for display from our public-facing website by removing the associated content (note: we currently only have removal tools for presentations,
papers, figures and tables). Removal does not result in complete deletion of the associated content.
We use the author name from this publicly accessible metadata to auto-generate author pages where we display content associated with an author, compute citation statistics and display links to other authors.
Author profile pages can be updated by using the “Claim Author Page” button on an author’s page to add/remove papers, add an affiliation, add a link to a homepage and add an ORCID ID to an author’s profile. Requesters who submit changes are required to provide their first and last name, e-mail address and justification which we store in a database to validate the request.
We provide multiple options to sign in via third-party providers such as, for example, Google, Facebook and Twitter. As part of the sign-in process we collect and store the data such as user name, screen name, auth token, affiliation.
Please contact us if you’d like further information about the data provided by your sign in provider.
Version HistoryAugust 25, 2020 (Latest Version)Update as of Aug 25, 2020April 2, 2020Update as of April 2, 2020July 30, 2018Original version.