https://allea.org/allea-data-privacy-policy/
ALLEA Data Privacy PolicyYou are here: Home1 / ALLEA Data Privacy PolicyPrivacy Notice
In this statement (afterwards called ‘Privacy Policy’), we let you know which data we track when you use our website, why we track it and how we use this to improve your user experience. This way you know exactly how we work.
The use of our website, or one or more services offered by ALLEA, as well as the sharing of media posts by ALLEA, implies your express approval (by means of personal data opt-in) of this Privacy Policy and thus the way in which we track, use and store your data, (where there is no further permission required  by law. )
In this policy, personal information means information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person. An identifiable person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, and online identifier or to one or more factors specific to his/her physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity.
This data privacy notice sets out how ALLEA protects and uses personal information and data when visiting our website ( www.allea.org )(afterwards called (the website’), subscribing to our newsletter (https://allea.org/newsletter-subscription/) or using our social media channels.
ALLEA is committed to ensuring that your data is protected and will use your information exclusively to communicate our organisational updates, events, activities, and other related details. Personal data will be treated with confidentiality and will not be transferred to any third party.
Should we ask you to provide information when using any of the above websites and/or our contact forms, you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
What we collect
The following information is collected when you subscribe to our newsletter:
Direct information you provide:
Name
Email address
Affiliation
Additional information you voluntarily provide via our contact and/or registration forms
Indirect information you provide via your navigation as user of our website:
Websites collect and store information that your browser automatically transmits to us, such as:
browser type/version,
used operating system, referrer URL,
time of query,
public IP address (Internet Protocol Address or numerical label assigned to your device that has accessed to Internet)
What we do with the collected information
We periodically send emails about our publications, press releases, newsletters, event invitations, or other relevant information to help you follow our activities.
Website navigation information is used to provide you with a better user experience on ALLEA’s websites. You can be assured that this data cannot be associated with individual persons and we do not share this data with any third party or other sources.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial practices to protect and secure the information collected online.
Disclosing personal data to third parties:
We don’t share your personal data with third party, unless it’s needed to provide a service to you. If, in this framework, ALLEA has to share your personal data with third parties, this party is obligated to use it in accordance with the provisions in this Privacy Policy.
It is, however, possible that ALLEA shares your information with the authorities (i) when we are obligated to do so by law or in the context of a judicial or future judicial procedure and (ii) to safeguard and enforce our laws.
ALLEA will not sell, rent out or give your data to third parties, unless there’s a data processing agreement, with this party, that contains the necessary guarantees concerning confidentiality and privacy of you personal data.
Storage of personal data
ALLEA  will store your data for a period of 10 years (or for the duration of contract), unless when there’s a longer storage period needed or justified by (i) law or (ii) by the compliance of another legal obligation. We commit us, however, to use a shorter storage period when this 10 year storage is not required.
Your privacy rights:
When you wish to invoke your privacy rights, as described below, please contact us at secretariat@allea.org
–
Right to access the personal data ALLEA might have on you
–
Right to rectify, complete or update your personal data
–
Right to be forgotten
–
Right to a restriction on the processing of your personal data
–
Right to transferability of your personal data
–
Right of objection / opposition to the processing of your personal data
– Right of objection / opposition to automated decision-making and profiling.
–
Right of objection / opposition to direct marketing practices
You can invoke these rights by sending us a mail at secretariat@allea.org or by using the contact form on our website.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Once you accept a cookie, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. The web application can therewith tailor its operations to your needs and preferences by gathering and remembering information.
Websites use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used to analyse data about webpage traffic and improve the website in order to tailor it to user needs. ALLEA exclusively uses this information for statistical purposes.
A cookie in no way provides access to your computer or reveals any information about you, other than the data you choose to share.
Links to other websites
Our website contains links to other websites of interest. Once you click on a link and leave our site, we do not have any control over the contents of that other website and we cannot take any responsibility for the protection and privacy of information provided or collected whilst visiting other websites which are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Social Media
ALLEA uses four social media platforms.
Twitter (https://twitter.com/ALLEA_academies),
Youtube  ( https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCxpYHIJVwmI3E141dHHcfFw?view_as=subscriber ) and
Flickr (https://www.flickr.com/photos/163366793@N02/).
These services have their own data privacy policies. For further information, please check the following links:
Twitter Privacy Policy
Youtube Privacy Policy
Flickr Privacy Policy
Changes to our privacy policy
We keep our privacy policy under regular review and we will place any updates on this webpage. This privacy notice was last updated on 12 July 2019.
ALLEA Secretariat
c/o Berlin-Brandenburg Academy
of Sciences and Humanities
Jaegerstr. 22/23
10117 Berlin Germany
Tel +49 (0)30-3259873-72
Fax +49 (0)30-3259873-73
secretariat@allea.org
Contact us
Twitter
Youtube
ALLEA Newsletter
Legal Notice
Privacy
Scroll to top
This site uses cookies to offer you a better browsing experience. To find out more on how we use cookies and how you can change your settings click on More info.
AcceptDeclineMore info