https://alupro.org.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Alupro Website Privacy Policy
We want this website to be as easy to use as possible.  To make sure that it is, we may collect information from you.   This policy tells you what information we collect from you, how we use the information, how we protect it and how you can contact us.
For the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) the data controller is Alupro of 1 Brockhill Court, Brockhill Lane, Redditch, B97 6RB UK.
What information do we collect and what do we do with it?
Your name, email address and contact details.
When this personally identifiable information is collected, you will know because you will have to complete a form to contact us.   We will use the information you provide to us to send you information you request, for direct marketing of our own programmes or free resources where these might be of interest to you, (or to ask for your feedback on this).
In addition, we will use the information to help improve the website and the services that it offers and inform you of further new websites and improvements which may be of interest.   Any communications made by us with you will be through electronic or other means.
If you are aged 16 years or under, please get your parents/guardian’s permissions before submitting any personal information to this website.
If you decide you no longer  want to receive any information from us, contact us at the email address/tel number given below.
Technical information, such as your IP address and the type of Internet browser you are using.
Your IP address is a number specially given to your computer.   We may use this type of technical information to help administer and check the use of our site.   We do not link this technical information to anything that could identify you which means you always remain anonymous to us.
How do we look after the information?
You should always remember that the security of information transmitted over the internet can never be totally safe.   However, we take a lot of care to look after any information we collect about you.   We will :
NOT share with or sell your information to any other company unless you tell us we can.
NEVER put information on our website about you that could let other people know where you live or exactly who you are.
ONLY share information with our employees if they really need to have the information.
ALWAYS amend or remove any personal details that you have provide us, upon your request. To remove or amend your details, you can either contact us via info@alupro.org.uk or Tel: 01527 597 757
We sometimes have to use other companies to help us set up, look after and hold this site.   These companies have agreed to only use your information in the way we tell them and to have procedures in place to protect the information.
Your Rights
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by  not ticking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data. You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us.
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our clients and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
The regulations  gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the regulations.
Your consent
By submitting your information you consent to the use of that information as set out in this policy. If we change our privacy policy we will post the changes on this page, and may place notices on other pages of the Website, so that you may be aware of the information we collect and how we use it at all times. We will also e-mail you should we make any changes so that you may consent to our use of your information in that way. Continued use of the service will signify that you agree to any such changes.
Owing to the global nature of the Internet infrastructure, the information you provide may be transferred in transit to countries outside the European Economic Area that do not have similar protections in place regarding your data and its use as set out in this policy. However, we have taken the steps outlined above to try to improve the security of your information. By submitting your information you consent to these transfers.
Contact Details
We welcome your views about our website and our privacy policy. If you have any queries or comments, or if any of the information that you have provided to Alupro changes, please contact us.
1 Brockhill Court, Brockhill Lane, Redditch B97 6RB
CONTACT US
SIGN UP
RECYCLING INDUSTRY
HOW TO RECYCLE
Privacy Policy
Website Terms
Scroll to top