https://anlp.org/membership-terms-conditions
Membership Terms & Conditions
ANLP International CIC has specific Terms and Conditions which apply to all Members at all membership levels.
Share
Tweet
LinkedIn
Pin
Last update 10 August 2020
1. Conditions of Membership
1.1 Code of Ethics
All Members of ANLP are expected to abide by the ANLP Code of Ethics and if applicable, the Code of Ethics for Trainers. If there is any breach of this Code of Ethics, ANLP reserves the right to withdraw membership.
1.2 Use of the Members and Accreditation Logos
All members of ANLP at Professional level or above are entitled to use the Membership logo on their stationery, website and other promotional materials. This is a Membership logo and represents your membership of ANLP.
Under no circumstances should this logo be used to explicitly or implicitly imply any form of accreditation or third party approval. No ANLP logo should be used on any personal certificates issued by a Member for trainings or workshops.
ANLP Accredited Trainers are entitled to use the Accredited logo on their stationery, website and on any promotional materials relating to courses for which they have received accreditation.
The Accreditation logo cannot be included on certificates issued by an Accredited Member for trainings or workshops. Purchased ANLP uniquely numbered seals are the only ANLP image which can appear on certificates issued by Accredited Trainers.
The ANLP Accredited logo cannot be used to promote any training or workshop that is not covered by Trainers or Course Accreditation.
ANLP Associate Members are not allowed to use the Membership logo under any circumstances.
1.3 Use of Terms for Membership
Professional, Coach and Trainer Members can use the following terms, when wishing to declare that they are a Member of ANLP.
ANLP Member
Member of ANLP
‘Level*’ Member of ANLP (e.g. Professional Member of ANLP)
ANLP ‘Level*’ Member (e.g. ANLP Professional Member)
*where ‘level’ is the Membership level stated on your Membership Certificate.
ANLP Members may use letters after their name to indicate their membership of ANLP as follows:
Professional or Trainer Member - MANLP (Member of ANLP)
Accredited Trainer Member - AMANLP (Accredited Member of ANLP)
It is also possible for Professional, Coach and Trainer Members to use the Members logo as a visual indicator that they are a Member of ANLP.
Only ANLP Accredited Trainers or Accredited Course Providers can use the following terms, when wishing to represent themselves as members of ANLP
ANLP Accredited Trainer
ANLP Recognised Trainer
ANLP Approved Trainer
Accredited Trainer Member of ANLP
Provider of ANLP Accredited or Recognised Courses
ANLP Accredited Course Provider
In the event that a Member leaves ANLP, all use of logos and membership terms must be removed from all promotional literature, websites and stationery with immediate effect.
If any member wishes to use additional wording or claims, please contact the office for verification.
If any person is found to be making false claims about their membership of ANLP via their website or promotional literature, they will be asked to remove all references immediately. Failure to do so will result in ANLP reserving the right to publicly advertise these false claims on the ANLP website and potentially withdraw membership of ANLP.
1.4 Complaints Procedure
In the event of any complaint or grievance, ANLP has a Complaints Procedure that is applicable to all Members.
All complaints will be dealt with respectfully and informally in the first instance. A formal complaints procedure exists to protect both Members and the General Public. A copy is available by emailing members@anlp.org.
2. Joining or Renewing Membership and The Commitment Period
Membership of ANLP is a privilege rather than a right. Membership is not guaranteed and ANLP reserves the right to refuse a membership application or renewal for any reason at any time.
2.1 Membership Applications
2.1.1 Submitting an application, either online or by post, does not guarantee your Membership of ANLP.
2.1.2 Membership will only be confirmed once all relevant supporting documentation is received. So please ensure that, when you join, that you upload to your profile copies of all relevant documentation including copies of your NLP qualifications and testimonials (if applicable) as soon as possible.
2.1.3 It is a requirement of membership that you disclose to ANLP Membership Co-Ordinator, via email, if any of the following apply to you:
You have ever been convicted of any offence, other than a driving offence resulting in points on your licence.
You have ever been investigated for any offence that has safeguarding implications i.e., could have an impact on working with young people or vulnerable adults.
You have ever been the subject of a complaint relating to your work as an NLP professional.
There are any other facts or circumstances which could affect your suitability for membership of ANLP.
2.1.4 All new applications, except Associate level, incur a non refundable, administration fee to cover the costs of checking validity of certificates and reviewing testimonials. See also Clause 2.6.
2.1.5 ANLP reserves the right to downgrade a member to a more appropriate level, if the relevant information appertaining to the membership level applied for is not received within 28 days of application, or proves to be inaccurate in any way.
2.1.6 Due to the current trend towards offering extremely short courses and distance learning qualifications, ANLP Membership at Professional level or above will only be awarded to those who have qualified on a course requiring at least:
50 attendance hours at Practitioner level,
80 hours for Master Practitioner level and a further
90 hours at Trainer level.
Any certificate obtained which does not include these minimum levels of face to face training (see Section 3) will be recognised at Associate level only. For Associate Level Membership, you can have obtained an NLP Diploma or Introductory Course Certificate with a minimum of 15 attendance hours.
2.1.7 Anyone applying for Trainer level of membership must have an NLP Trainers certificate issued by a recognised NLP ‘Master Trainer’ or equivalent. Please see the list on the ANLP website for currently recognised UK Master Trainers.
2.2 Membership Duration
By joining ANLP you agree to remain a member for at least a Commitment Period. For administrative reasons this period covers the rest of the calendar month in which you join (if you join after the first day of the month) and the following 12 full months (or the following number of months specified in your Membership Application if it is not 12)
The Commitment Period is a core term of membership necessary to allow us, to commit to the level of investment required in providing the service and standard expected by our members.
If you choose to pay your membership fees monthly or annually online by Go Cardless, debit/credit card or PayPal, your ANLP membership will continue after the Commitment Period.
If you choose to pay your full Commitment Period membership fee in advance by Debit/Credit card or by Cheque, your ANLP membership will automatically be resigned on expiry of the Commitment Period, unless you renew your membership prior to the expiry date.
2.3 Online Promotion
When joining ANLP for the first time, please note that the online promotion, where included in the Membership fee, will only be activated upon receipt of copies of NLP qualifications and any other relevant documentation.
Please note that Associate Members are not promoted on the ANLP search website and any Practitioner wishing to take advantage of the web promotional search facilities is encouraged to apply for Professional level or above.
In addition to online promotion that is included in membership, members have the opportunity to purchase advertising on the ANLP website. Advertising days must be purchased for each advert displayed.
Advertising, once purchased, is non refundable and numbers of views/clicks are not guaranteed. If, for any reason, an advert is deemed inappropriate and not approved, then the opportunity will be offered to transfer the days or submit another advert.
2.4 Membership Levels
ANLP offers different categories of membership. Your choice of membership level on joining will determine the fees you pay and any restrictions that may apply to your use of our Members Benefits.
ANLP may from time to time introduce new levels of membership; please check occasionally whether your membership level remains the most suitable for you.
2.5 Membership Upgrades
A member may upgrade their membership level at any time during their membership, even mid-year, as long as they meet the criteria of the required upgrade level.
Any person joining at Associate Level and upgrading their Membership to a higher level within a 12 (twelve) month period of joining will be charged the prevailing Administration fee.
Membership subscription changes can be managed online via the Members Dashboard. If you want to make a change to your membership subscription that is not covered online, then please contact the main office on 020 3051 6740 or email to arrange this.
2.6 Membership Renewal
When renewing your membership to ANLP, if you are upgrading to a higher level, please send only relevant information relating to the upgrade e.g. copy of Master Practitioner Certificate or Trainers Certificate.
There is no need to send your certificates or testimonials to ANLP annually, as they are kept on file.
When you renew your membership, your membership expiry date will be one year from the due date, rather than the date payment was made.
If membership is renewed more than 3 months after the due date, then the ‘administration fee’ will be charged upon renewal, to cover the costs of additional administration.
2.7 Membership Suspension
Full membership may be suspended for up to 12 months at your renewal date, provided you notify ANLP in writing (including email) in advance of your renewal date. When membership is suspended at the request of the member, no ‘administration fee’ will be payable upon renewal.
In exceptional circumstances, membership can be suspended part way through the year, for up to 12 months. Please contact the Membership Co-ordinator with details, if you wish to suspend your membership part way through the annual period.
Please note: membership suspension is not available to ‘Introductory Members’.
2.8 Cancelling your ANLP Membership
Any membership service purchased via the website can be cancelled within 7 days of taking it out for any reason, by giving written notice via email to members@anlp.org or via post to our current trading address (see above). In the event of a cancellation, 10% of the original fee will be deducted to cover administration costs.
If you are subscribing to monthly membership, you may resign your membership by giving at least 3 complete calendar months written notice, so that your membership will end at the end of the third complete month after notice was given: for example, if you give notice on 1st June it will expire on 31st August, if you give notice on 8th June it will expire on 30th September.
You can give notice to resign at any point before the end of the initial Commitment Period but this cannot end your membership before the end of the Commitment Period.
Once purchased, annual membership is valid for 12 months. Any refund during that period will only be made in exceptional circumstances and at the discretion of ANLP.
ANLP may terminate your membership if:
The Code of Ethics and/or trainers Code of Ethics is breached.
A formal complaint is made and after investigation, is determined to have foundation.
For non payment of fees.
For failure to provide corroborative evidence to support qualifications.
After expiry of the Commitment Period, by giving you at least 3 complete calendar months notice.
Renewal reminders are sent out by email, and by post. If you choose not to renew your membership, please inform ANLP as soon as you receive your renewal reminder, so that services and benefits can be stopped.
Upon cancellation or non-renewal of membership, it is expected that members will return their membership certificate and stop using the logos and terms on their promotional literature and website with immediate effect.
Online Promotion, where included in the membership fee, will only be activated upon receipt of copies of NLP certificates and any other information relevant to the particular membership level applied for.
2.9 Data Protection
All members agree, when joining, that their details will be held on a computerised database. It is accepted by members that select data will be made available to members of the public via the website or via phone queries, if membership level is Professional or above.
All computerised data held by ANLP is available for your inspection by visiting the ANLP website and logging on as a member to inspect your online profile.
In line with the ANLP Privacy Policy and our GDPR statement, ANLP also reserve the right to communicate with all Members via the email address provide to ANLP at the time of joining and when this is updated by the Member at any time whilst the Membership is valid.
All personal information and data is covered by the ANLP Privacy Policy.
If you require a paper copy of computerised information held, please send a cheque for £10, to cover administration costs, to ANLP, at our current trading address.
3.  Criteria for Virtual Training
In order to apply for ANLP Membership at Professional level or above, any NLP training must adhere to the guidelines on Virtual Training listed here:
These are the permanent criteria for virtual training to be recognised for ANLP membership from now on, because the Covid-19 pandemic created a ‘new normal’ where many NLP trainers had to move their training courses to a virtual environment.
These criteria recognise that virtual live training is still very different to simply doing ‘online' training!
ANLP rules on membership requirements have not changed. A Practitioner Training still requires a minimum of 50 hours 'face to face' training – it is the definition of what constitutes ‘face to face’ that has changed, which is reflected in the criteria.
For a virtual training to be considered acceptable for ANLP membership or ANLP Accreditation, the following criteria must be met:
3.1 Virtual Training Criteria
The training is delivered live (i.e. not a recording)
Students must attend the training live, i.e. as it is being delivered
The training should include all the usual elements it would include if it were being delivered in situ e.g. demos, Q&A sessions, practice
There are opportunities for students to practice and be observed practicing in small groups e.g. by using breakout rooms
The Student:Assistant ratio must be sufficient to ensure that adequate supervision of students can be maintained at all times.
The trainer must observe every student practicing in a live, interactive situation as part of their certification assessment. [It is insufficient to simply assess student recordings, written work or case studies without any live observation of student practice.]
The trainer must provide sufficient support for students, to compensate for the fact they are not in the same room as the trainer. ‘Sufficient support’ can include:
Recording the training sessions so students can revisit the session later
Leaving the chat room open during breaks so students can interact with each other and the trainers/assistants
Hosting additional ‘informal’ sessions e.g. coffee break chats or evening gatherings
Providing opportunities for students to raise follow up questions with the trainer
Ensure any certificates issued include a reference to the training being virtual or part virtual**
Check with your insurance company to ensure you are covered for online training and coaching.
3.2 Ecology Checks Required
Ensure potential students are adequately pre-screened to ascertain their suitability for training in a virtual environment
Ensure sufficient pre-framing is done prior to the course commencing.
Provide pre course materials (which can include videos and pre-recorded materials) so the students have some knowledge embedded before they meet in the virtual training environment for the first time.
Ensure all demos and practice sessions deal with ‘surface level’ presenting challenges, rather than deep level i.e. deal with challenges that would score 3/10 rather than 9/10, to ensure the safety of students in an environment that is not as easy to control as a live, in situ training would be.
There must be due consideration for certain elements of the course, that require the training to be adapted for a virtual environment e.g. Timeline, kinaesthetic anchors – if there are any concerns, consider offering these elements as follow up courses.
These criteria, published on 12th June 2020, permanently replace the temporary guidelines introduced in March 2020.
**this requirement does not apply to any certificate issued by an ANLP Accredited Trainer, which includes an ANLP seal.
4. Copyright
ANLP materials, including Rapport, are protected by copyright. Please check the copyright for anything that you wish to use. In the same way copyright of content remains with the author, ANLP reserves the right to use any content submitted to ANLP e.g., Rapport articles, case studies, website content to promote NLP, ANLP and the members themselves.
ANLP reserves the right to add to and improve these terms at any time.
Download a PDF Copy of the Membership Terms and Conditions
Your experience on this site will be improved by allowing cookies.
Allow cookies