https://app.1000minds.com/privacy
Toggle navigation
Terms of use
|
Privacy policy
|
Data and systems security notice
|
Cookie declaration
Privacy policy
We collect personal information about your use of 1000minds software and our website in order to provide 1000minds services and to interact with and respond to you. If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
In addition, for the purpose of analyzing user trends and internet traffic, we may collect details of your visit to our website, information about your computer, Internet Protocol address, operating system and browser, etc.
In the case of services provided to you on an organizational basis, we may report the information you provide us to the organization’s administrators – for their own legitimate purposes and also for our own.
We reserve the right to collect any other information at our discretion, and to notify you of news and other important information via email for as long as you have an account with 1000minds.
Data storage and confidentiality
We store your personal information on servers located at approved locations under contract to 1000minds. Data will be stored indefinitely and used for the purposes described in this policy.
We will not disclose your personal information to third parties unless you authorize us to do so, or we are required to by law.
Notification of breach
1000minds will notify customers as soon as is practicable and with out undue delay after becoming aware of a breach of customer data or personally identifiable information. Such notification will include details of the nature of the breach, the categories of information potentially breached, and where appropriate, potential measures to mitigate possible adverse effects.
Sale of data
1000minds will not sell your data or personal information about you.
Your rights
Without limiting your rights under the legislation and regulations of relevant jurisdictions, you have the following rights:
Right of access
You have the right to know what personal information is stored about you.
Right of correction
You have the right to have corrections made to personal information stored about you.
Right to be forgotten
You have the right to have personal information we hold about you deleted. This right is limited only by legislation requiring us to maintain such information, e.g. we must retain information relating to financial transactions for tax purposes.
How to exercise your rights
If you are answering a 1000minds survey, it has most likely been set up and administered by a customer of 1000minds. In the first instance, please endeavour to contact the person or organization that sent the survey to you. If you have difficulty doing so, or if you are unhappy with the response, please contact privacy@1000minds.com so that we may assist you.
1000minds customers should contact privacy@1000minds.com for all privacy related requests.
Categories of information
1000minds stores a limited set of personal information, most of which you will have chosen to share with 1000minds:
Name, address, email, phone number
Organisation affiliation, industry, number of employees
Areas of interest for the application of 1000minds
Technical information such as IP address, browser type and time zone.
Data processors
1000minds uses Google Analytics to help understand how our website and applications are being used.
1000minds uses Google services to allow users, at their discretion, to “Login in with Google”.
1000minds uses web and databases services running on Microsoft Azure in the US. Encrypted backups are also stored on Microsoft Azure in Australia.
Analytics & log files
We use Google Analytics to analyze how 1000minds is used. Basic information is transmitted to Google and used to evaluate and to produce statistics about website activity. We will not use (nor allow third parties to use) such tools to track or collect any personally identifiable information of visitors to our website.
Your activity on the web site is recorded in log files in order to help us understand how our software is being used, to enable you to see the history of your models, and to assist us with trouble-shooting problems and improving the software. Your activity may be combined with others' to produce aggregate datasets that may be analyzed for research purposes.
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
The EC issued a formal decision recognizing New Zealand’s legal standards as being sufficient for Article 25(2) of European Union (EU) Directive 95/46/EC: that is that New Zealand’s law provides an “adequate level of data protection”. The shorthand often used is that New Zealand has “EU adequacy” or is “an adequate third country”. While 1000minds’ compliance with New Zealand’s privacy legislation is therefore sufficient, it is expected that New Zealand’s privacy legislation will continue to be developed and align more and more closely with the GDPR. 1000minds is continuing to improve its alignment with the principles of both New Zealand legislation and the GDPR.
Changes to this policy
We reserve the right to amend this privacy policy at our discretion at any time by displaying an amended version.