http://aquaticlife.ca/privacy-policy/
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for aquaticlife.ca. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following: What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared; What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data; The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information; and How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
INFORMATION COLLECTION, USE, AND SHARING
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell, share or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
With your consent, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.  You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time.
YOUR ACCESS TO AND CONTROL OVER INFORMATION
You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website: See what data we have about you, if any; Change/correct any data we have about you; Have us delete any personal database information we have about you; Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
SECURITY
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment
UPDATES
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact Mujungu Museru immediately via telephone at 204-753-5270 or via email at mmuseru@aquaticlife.ca
COOKIES
We use “cookies” on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
LINKS
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
May 28, 2020
Subscribe and join our newsletter.
Subscribe to our mailing list
* indicates required
First Name
*
Last Name
Email Address
*
Company
Preferred Content
Drinking Water
Waste Water
Ground Water
Surface Water
Pool Water
Industrial Water
Other
Recent Blog NewsEffluent monitoring – A brewing opportunityMay 27, 2020 - 2:21 pmThe Brand New Spectro::lyser V3January 29, 2020 - 4:31 pmAquahive – Smart Water Monitoring SolutionOctober 25, 2018 - 9:46 amThe brand new pipe::scanOctober 24, 2018 - 10:07 amPagesApplications
Aquatic Life Newsletter
Blog News
Calibration and Repair
Careers
Cart
Case Studies
Checkout
Commissioning
Consulting
Contact Us
Courses
Environmental Standards and Legislation
Events
Home
Leasing
Manuals and Instructions
Manufacturer
Media
Monitoring & Data Storage
Montreal 2 days courses registration
My account page
Newsletter signup
Other
Palintest Compact Ammonia Duo Overview/How to
Photos
PRIVACY POLICY
Products
Rental and Leasing
Request a Quote
Services
Setting up Auto-Cleaning with s::can’s con::cube
store
Support & Education
Survey for Tradeshow
Technical Guides
Tradeshows and Conferences
Unsubscribe from Newsletter
Videos
Webinars
Business Hours Contact us: 800-409-8378 or (204) 753-5270
Fax: (204) 753-2082
P.O. Box 39, Address: 1 Vanier Ave, Pinawa, Manitoba R0E 1L0
Monday-Friday: 	9am to 5pm Central Time
Saturday: 	Closed
Sunday: 	Closed
Subscribe and join our newsletter.
Subscribe to our mailing list
* indicates required
First Name
*
Last Name
Email Address
*
Company
Preferred Content
Drinking Water
Waste Water
Ground Water
Surface Water
Pool Water
Industrial Water
Other
Scroll to top