http://architecturalsalvage.ie/privacy-statement/
Privacy Statement
This privacy statement provides information to help you understand how we collect and use your information when you visit architecturalsalvage.ie
We may need to update this notice from time to time; if we do, we’ll notify you the next time to visit this site.
Last updated: 01/10/2018
In this privacy policy:
“we/us/our” means Architectural Salvage (Deckclad);
“you/your” means an individual providing data; and
“third party” means someone who is not you or us.
About Us
We are Architectural Salvage also known as Deckclad. We supply services and products relating to construction, salvaged and reproduction architectural materials.
Our registered office is Kingswood Cross, Naas Road, Dublin 22.
We respect your privacy and your rights to control your personal. We will be clear about what data we collect and why we collect it. This privacy statement explains the personal information we collect from you, why we collect it, how we will use it and how we protect it.
How to Contact Us
The data controller is Architectural Salvage (Deckclad). The data controller can be contacted at: architecturalsalvage.ie@gmail.com
Information we collect about you
The types of information we collect about you when you visit and interact with this site are:
Personal Information
Your contact details such as name, address, telephone and email address where you have contacted us through this site; or
Non-Personal Information
If you have agreed to cookies, data such as your site preferences or language settings, statistical information.
Why We Collect Your Personal Data?
We use the personal data you share with us so we can communicate with you, to provide our services and for the purposes of administration.
When we collect your personal information
We collect your personal information when you use our contact forms or product forms to get in touch or register your interest (by consent)
How we use your personal information
To provide you with any services requested. For example, when you contact us through this site, we’ll use your information to ensure you get the right information and response.
How we share your personal information
We do not rent or sell your Personal Information to anyone.
We may share your information with other companies in the provision of our service. For example specialist delivery services.
Under certain circumstances we may be required to disclose your Personal Information in response to valid requests by public authorities to meet law enforcement or statutory requirements.
To meet legal or statutory obligations we may share your personal information with the third parties listed below:
An Garda Síochána
The Revenue Commissioners
Agents of The Courts
How long we keep your personal information for
We’ll store your information for as long as we have to by law. If there’s no legal requirement for us to retain the data, we’ll only store it for as long as we need to.
Keeping your personal information secure
This website is hosted on secure servers by Blacknight Internet Solutions Ltd. We use 2048 bit HTTPS encryption on this website and this website and it’s data is protected by firewall software.
The security of your personal information is important to us and all reasonable measures are taken to ensure its security. The nature of the Internet is such that no data transmission over
Your rights
Under the law, you have a number of rights that you can exercise. We have included a summary of these below; if you would like to discuss or exercise any of these, please contact us through the details provided.
Right of Access
You have a right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you, and how it has been processed
Right to correct personal data
If you believe any of the personal data we hold about you is incorrect, you can request we update it.
Right to data portability
In some circumstances, you have the right to receive the personal information about you which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and have the right to transmit the data to a third party.
Right to data portability
In some circumstances, you have the right to receive the personal information about you which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and have the right to transmit those data to a third party.
Right to object to use of personal data
Where we are processing your data for the purposes of direct marketing, or any legitimate interests that we are reliant upon, you can object at any time to this processing.
Right to restrict use of your data
In some circumstances, you can request that we temporarily suspend the processing of your data.
Right to erasure
In some circumstances, such as where we no longer have a justifiable reason to continue to process your data, you can request we delete it.
How to lodge a complaint
If you have a complaint The Data Controller can be contacted at: architecturalsalvage.ie@gmail.com  – or by post at Kingswood Cross, Naas Road, Dublin 22. We will acknowledge your request and we’ll do our best to help but If you still feel that your personal data has not been handled appropriately according to the law, you can contact Irish Data Protection Commissioner and file a complaint with them.
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
Your privacy is important to us please read our Privacy Statement
Accept
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Cookie Policy
Privacy Overview
We respect your privacy and your rights to control your personal. We will be clear about what data we collect and why we collect it. This Privacy Statement explains the personal information we collect from you, why we collect it, how we will use it and how we protect it.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
disable
Cookie Policy
Our cookie policy
Cookies are tiny text files that are stored on your computer, tablet or mobile phone when you visit a website. The cookies mean that the website will remember you and how you've used the site every time you come back.
Cookies themselves don't hold personal information such as your name or bank details. And in many cases, we won’t be able to link the information we collect by using a cookie back to you.  They can, however, help us to find information once you're logged in or help us link your browsing information to you and your personal information, for example, when you choose to register for a service, white paper or newsletter.
Strictly necessary cookies
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.
You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
OptanonConsent
OptanonAlertBoxClosed
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.
All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
utag_main
__utmz
__utmv
__utmb
__utma
__utmc
__utmt
Mbox
s_cc
Analytics and Tracking
Google Analytics
Google Analytics offers a host of compelling features and benefits for everyone from senior executives and advertising and marketing professionals to site owners and content developers.
Google Conversion Tracking
This free tool in AdWords can show you what happens after customers click your ad (for example, whether they purchased your product, called from a mobile phone or downloaded your app).
Facebook Pixel
Facebook Pixel is Facebooks conversion tracking system for ads on Facebook to websites.
Facebook Signal
Journalists use Signal to surface relevant trends, photos, videos and posts from Facebook and Instagram for use in their storytelling and reporting.
Facebook Conversion Tracking
Conversion tracking functionality from Facebook, allows a user to track advertisement clicks
Controlling your cookies
You can control how you use cookies in your browser.  If you wish to restrict or block the cookies which are set by any website - including a Vodafone website, you should do this through the web browser settings for each web browser you use, on each device you use to access the internet.
Information on controlling and deleting cookies, including on a wide variety of browsers, is also available at allaboutcookies.org
Enable All
Save Changes