http://artsandscience.concordia.ca/web/privacy.html
COVID-19 (Coronavirus)  See the latest updates
PhD candidate’s debut book examines the continued life of Game Boy Advance
Alex Custodio is the first Department of English student to expand an MA research paper into a full-length volume, which was published by MIT Press.
Learn more
Supporting survivors of sexual violence in Montreal North
The Simone de Beauvoir Institute and Office of Community Engagement focus their efforts on Black and racialized women.
Learn more
Students design food for future trips to Mars
A synthetic biology project works with resilient yeast strains that will behave more predictably in space.
Learn more
New initiatives to support French-language learning
Réussir en français is Concordia’s hub for developing and strengthening French-language skills. A year after its launch, it is introducing even more ways to support French-language learning.
Learn more
Taking the pandemic’s lessons to heart
Paul Gott, lecturer in Concordia’s Department of Journalism, says his students have gone above and beyond despite the challenges presented by the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic.
Learn more
New study of Montreal taxis portrays an industry going from crisis to crisis
Jean-Philippe Warren describes a history of loose rules, cowboy drivers and racial animus — and now, a bleak future.
Learn more
Events
Today
Dec. 11
Canada launch of the Global Terrorism Index
11 a.m. — 12 p.m.
Today
Dec. 11
Phenomenology of Perception Around the World, A 75th Anniversary Broadcast Series
1 p.m. — 2:15 p.m.
Upcoming
Dec. 15
Vérification des faits et rôle des médias
10 a.m. — 11 a.m.
More events
Information sessions for employeesOctober 22 & 30Learn more on Cspace
Popular links
Undergraduateprograms & admissions
Graduateprograms & admissions
Postdoctoral resources
Academic advising
News
12 notable Concordia alumni share tips for success
December 7, 2020
Release of the first minisode of the HERMES research team podcast series The new face of online games
December 6, 2020
Concordia undergrad wins an award of distinction for her volunteerism
December 3, 2020
Concordia student interviews artists around the world during the pandemic
December 2, 2020
More news
Join us
Back to top
© Concordia University