https://ascinc.org/organization/terms-and-conditions-for-asc-meetings/
Home
Virtual FAQ
Registration
Program
Technical Program
Conference Program Details
Schedule at a Glance
Oral Presentation Instructions
Poster Presentation Instructions
iPosterSession Webinar
Program Notes
Awards
Plenary Speakers
Young Scientist Visions Plenary
Special & Memorial Sessions
ASC Best Student Paper Contest
ASC ELEVATE
IEEE REACH
ASC Diversity in Science and Engineering Event
ASC Short Courses
Important Student Information
Late-Breaking Abstract Submission
Exhibit
ASC 2020 Exhibitors
Exhibit Information
Sponsorship & Advertising
Sponsors & Supporters
Sponsorship Opportunities
Advertising Opportunities
Publication
Organization
Chair’s Welcome
ASC Officers & Committee Members
Outreach
Donate to Support
Ancillary Meetings
Future & Past ASCs
Other Conferences & Events
Terms and Conditions for Applied Superconductivity Conference Meetings
Privacy Policy
ASC Code of Conduct
Contact
ASC 2020 >Organization > Terms and Conditions for Applied Superconductivity Conference Meetings
Terms and Conditions for Applied Superconductivity Conference Meetings Submission of a registration is regarded as affirmation of your acceptance of the Applied Superconductivity Conference (ASC) Meeting Terms & Conditions.
Privacy and use of information: ASC maintains a Privacy Policy. ASC is committed to protecting your personal information and maintaining data in a secure manner. You acknowledge that ASC may use your personal data consistent with this policy, including meeting content and logistics (e.g., listing you name in the program when you are a presenter). You also acknowledge use of your information in accordance with the Privacy Policy for third party services, such as a housing bureau. Except as described in the Privacy Policy, ASC will not disclose your personal data to a third party without your consent except when required to do so by law.
Event conduct: ASC maintains a Code of Conduct. ASC is committed to providing a safe, productive, and welcoming environment to all participants, including staff, vendors, and other support. You agree to abide by the Code of Conduct and its principles, and participants are furthermore expected to be tolerant, inclusive, and respectful. If you observe or experience unacceptable behavior, contact onsite event staff or an ASC Board Member as soon as possible. These persons will be identified by unique ribbons or lanyards on the identification badge.
Event safety and security: ASC provides event security at all times. Attendees must wear identification badges when participating in the meeting and any events connected to the meeting listed in the official program. If you observe a direct threat, contact venue security personnel or appropriate law enforcement authorities immediately.
Use of photographic and video devices to take notes: It is not ethically acceptable to record by use of a phone or camera the entire content of a presentation or poster without the consent of the presenter. Extensive photographic or video note-taking is also disruptive to other attendees. You agree to refrain from extensive photography or recording of presentations. Session chairs may instruct participants to stop disruptive behavior, and participants agree to abide by instructions from session chairs. Occasional photographic or video note-taking is permissible, provided that care is taken to not disrupt other participants. ASC has provided the means for authors to upload supplemental material in connection with the presentation identifier, which may include a copy of the presentation. Attendees are also encouraged to request materials directly from the presenter instead of extensive photographic note-taking.
Copyright © Applied Superconductivity Conference Inc. | Website Managed By: Centennial Conferences; Hosted By: Eye9 Design
By continuing your browsing on this site, you agree to the use of cookies to improve the user experience and to make statistics of visits. To learn more, read our Privacy Policy.Okay, thanks