https://ascinc.org/privacy-policy/
Home
Virtual FAQ
Registration
Program
Technical Program
Conference Program Details
Schedule at a Glance
Oral Presentation Instructions
Poster Presentation Instructions
iPosterSession Webinar
Program Notes
Awards
Plenary Speakers
Young Scientist Visions Plenary
Special & Memorial Sessions
ASC Best Student Paper Contest
ASC ELEVATE
IEEE REACH
ASC Diversity in Science and Engineering Event
ASC Short Courses
Important Student Information
Late-Breaking Abstract Submission
Exhibit
ASC 2020 Exhibitors
Exhibit Information
Sponsorship & Advertising
Sponsors & Supporters
Sponsorship Opportunities
Advertising Opportunities
Publication
Organization
Chair’s Welcome
ASC Officers & Committee Members
Outreach
Donate to Support
Ancillary Meetings
Future & Past ASCs
Other Conferences & Events
Terms and Conditions for Applied Superconductivity Conference Meetings
Privacy Policy
ASC Code of Conduct
Contact
ASC 2020 > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy Applied Superconductivity Conference, Inc. and its affiliates, including without limitation, Applied Superconductivity Conference, Inc. (the “Company,” “we” or “us”) are concerned about your privacy.  This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) explains the Company’s policies and procedures regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information and data we receive from users of the website we own and operate, namely ascinc.org (the “Site”).  This Privacy Policy applies only to information collected through the Site.
Capitalized terms not defined in this Privacy Policy have the meanings given in our Terms of Use.  This Privacy Policy is part of, and incorporated into, the Terms of Use.
By visiting this Site, you are accepting the policies and practices described in this Privacy Policy, as such Privacy Policy may be amended from time to time.  Each time you visit the Site, you agree and expressly consent to our collection, use and disclosure of the information that you provide as described in this Privacy Policy.
IF YOU ARE A USER ACCESSING THE SITE FROM THE EUROPEAN UNION, ASIA, OR ANY OTHER REGION WITH LAWS OR REGULATIONS GOVERNING PERSONAL DATA COLLECTION, USE, AND DISCLOSURE THAT DIFFER FROM UNITED STATES LAWS, PLEASE BE ADVISED THAT THROUGH YOUR CONTINUED USE OF THE SITE, WHICH IS GOVERNED BY UNITED STATES LAW, THIS PRIVACY POLICY, AND OUR TERMS OF USE, YOU ARE TRANSFERRING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION TO THE UNITED STATES AND YOU CONSENT TO THAT TRANSFER. ADDITIONALLY, YOU UNDERSTAND THAT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION MAY BE TRANSFERRED TO AND PROCESSED IN COUNTRIES (INCLUDING THE UNITED STATES) WHERE LAWS REGARDING PROCESSING PERSONAL INFORMATION MAY BE LESS STRINGENT THAN THE PROCESSING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION IN YOUR COUNTRY.
Types of Information We Collect
We collect both “Personal Information” and “Anonymous Information” about our users.  To be clear about the terminology we are using, when we use the phrase “Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy, we mean information about you that is personally identifiable, like your name, address, e-mail address, or phone number, as well as other non-public information that is associated with this Personal Information.  When we use the phrase “Anonymous Information” in this Privacy Policy, we mean information that is not personally identifiable, or linked to your Personal Information such as aggregated information, general demographic information and IP addresses. Anonymous Information does not enable identification of individual persons.
If you only browse through the Site, visit, read pages, or download information you are permitted to download, we may automatically gather and store certain Anonymous Information about your visit.
If you choose to register for one of our conferences, join our mailing list or otherwise provide us with your Personal Information, we will collect and store such Personal Information and use it for the purpose for which you provided it to us.
You may request that any Personal Information we receive from you be deleted from our database. Please review the section below on “opt-out” for further information on deletion.
Information we automatically collect and store about your visit to our Site may include some or all of the following: (i) the anonymous IP address, which is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are browsing the Web; (ii) the type of browser and operating system used to access our Site; (iii) the date and time you access our Site; (iv) the pages you visit; and (v) the address (URL) of the web site from which you linked to our Site.
How We Use Your Information
We may use your Personal Information to occasionally send you information on our conferences, communicate with you about your conference registration, or to otherwise respond to you.
We may use Anonymous Information to help us make our Site more useful to visitors or to learn about the number of visitors to our Site and the types of technology our visitors use.  We do not track or record information about individuals and their visits.  We use “cookies” to collect some of this Anonymous Information.  A “cookie” is a small text file that is stored on a user’s computer for record-keeping purposes. The cookies never include Personal Information and visitors that we track cannot provide us with Personal Information through normal movement across the Site.
We may also use “log data” to collect some of this Anonymous Information. This log data may include information such as your computer’s internet protocol address (more commonly known as an IP address), browser type, the webpage you were visiting prior to your arrival at the Site, the pages of our Site that you visit, the time spent on those pages, access times and dates, and other statistics as well as the unique identifier for your computer, mobile phone or any other electronic device used to access the Site. We use this information to monitor and analyze use of the Site, for technical administration, to increase functionality and user-friendliness, and to better tailor the Site to the needs of our users. We do not treat log data as Personal Information or use it in association with other Personal Information, though we may aggregate, analyze and evaluate such log data.
How We Share and Disclose Information
We know how important it is to keep your information confidential. We will not rent, sell or share your Personal Information with third parties except as specifically approved by you at the time of disclosure or under the circumstances described in this Privacy Policy.
We share your Personal Information only with our affiliates, subsidiaries or joint ventures, in which case we will require them to honor this Privacy. We DO NOT share Personal Information with unaffiliated third parties.
We may disclose information we have collected about you if required to do so by law or if we, in our sole discretion, believe that disclosure is reasonable to comply with the law, requests or orders from law enforcement, or any legal process (whether or not such disclosure is required by applicable law), or to protect or defend the Company’s, or a third party’s, rights or property.
In the event we undergo a business transition such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, your Personal Information may be among the assets transferred. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur and are permitted by this Privacy Policy, and that any entity that acquires us, is merged with us or that acquires our assets may continue to process your Personal Information as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
Opt-Out
When you supply us with Personal Information, from time-to-time, you may be asked to indicate whether you are interested in receiving information from us about our conferences. Unless you opt- out to receive such communications, we may, from time to time, send you marketing communications.
At any time, you can choose to no longer receive commercial or promotional emails from us by sending us an email to asc@centennialconferences.com.  Also, in any promotional email we send, you will be given the opportunity to opt out of receiving such messages in the future by clicking on the link at the bottom of the email that says “unsubscribe.” It may take up to 10 days for us to process an opt-out request.
Even if you have unsubscribed from receiving promotional emails from us, we may send you other types of important email communications without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them. These may include customer service announcements, administrative notices and surveys.
Please note that changing information in registration account or opting out of receiving promotional email communications will affect only future communications from us. If we already provided your information to a third party (such as an affiliate) before you changed your preferences or updated your information, you may have to change your preferences directly with that party as well.
Security and Data Retention
We are very concerned with safeguarding your Personal Information. We employ administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access. We will make any legally required disclosures of any breach of the security, confidentiality, or integrity of your unencrypted electronically stored “personal data” (as defined in applicable state statutes on security breach notification) to you via email or conspicuous posting on the Site in the most expedient time possible and without unreasonable delay, insofar as consistent with (i) the legitimate needs of law enforcement or (ii) any measures necessary to determine the scope of the breach and restore the reasonable integrity of the data system. Although “guaranteed security” does not exist either on or off the internet, we make commercially reasonable efforts to make the collection and security of such information consistent with this Privacy Policy and all applicable laws and regulations.
We will retain your Personal Information only for as long as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected and to comply with applicable laws and your consent to such purpose remains valid after termination of our relationship with you.
Third Party Links
This Privacy Policy does not address the privacy practices of any websites that link to or from our Site. We do not monitor, control, or endorse the information collection or privacy practices of any third parties.  Please consult the privacy practices of these companies before submitting any data to them.  The ability to access information of third parties from the Site, or links to other websites or locations, is for your convenience only and does not signify our endorsement of such third parties, their products, services, websites, locations or their content.
Changes in this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change, modify, add or remove portions of this Privacy Policy at any time and without prior notice.  However, we will not use your Personal Information in a way that is materially different than the uses described in this Privacy Policy without giving you an opportunity to opt out of such differing uses.  We will post those changes to this privacy policy, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions regarding privacy or security of our Site, please contact us at: asc@centennialconferences.com or at:
Applied Superconductivity Conference, Inc.
c/o Centennial Conferences
908 Main Street, Suite 350
Louisville, CO 80027
Changes to our Internet Privacy Policy will be noted here so that you can be fully informed about the privacy protections we provide.
Copyright © Applied Superconductivity Conference Inc. | Website Managed By: Centennial Conferences; Hosted By: Eye9 Design
By continuing your browsing on this site, you agree to the use of cookies to improve the user experience and to make statistics of visits. To learn more, read our Privacy Policy.Okay, thanks