https://asilakemanagement.com/index.php/terms-and-agreements/
Skip to content
Home »Terms and Agreements
Submitted Information
We understand the importance of protecting the personal information of our customers. To prevent unauthorized access, disclosure and improper use of your information, we have established appropriate safeguards to protect the information we collect. We are constantly looking for new and better ways to secure your personal information and to ensure that it is used in a responsible and respectful manner.
Aqua Services, inc. will not sell, rent or trade your personal information you provide online. Aqua Services, inc. will use return email addresses to answer the emails we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
Aqua Services, inc. may disclose personal information to third parties without your consent for any of the following reasons:
to comply with law, regulation or court order
to cooperate with Government investigations
to help prevent fraud
External links
Aqua Services, inc. hold no responsibility for the content or privacy on sites linked to from Aqua Services, inc.. We will however do our best to keep pages that are in direct violation of your privacy, or contains offensive content away from our directories. Please contact us about any sites deem inappropriate.
Customer Support
If you have any questions about this website terms & privacy statement, the practices of this site or your dealings with this website, you can contact us via our contact form or by phone at 1-888-669-3337
Copyright and Trademark Ownership
The contents of this Site, including all written, graphics, and other materials are protected by copyright, trademark, or otherwise owned by Aqua Services, inc. herein are either trademarks or service marks, registered or unregistered, of Aqua Services, inc.. Other marks and product and company name contained herein may be the trademarks of their respective owners.
Cancellation, Warranty and Refund
Aqua Services, Inc.
Aqua Services, inc. will not refund any herbicides or liquid products unless it gets lost in the mail or damaged. Then we will simply resend the product. We will uphold Vertex Water Features and warranty policies. We will cancel orders if the cancellation is made before the shipment has been processed.
Vertex Water Features
Vertex Water Features offer the following warranties:
– Diffuser Assembly: 5-years
– Cabinets: Lifetime against rust
– Compressors: 2-years
– Tubing: 15-years
This Site is operated by Aqua Services, inc. and these terms and conditions are governed by and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Alabama, without regard to any conflict of law provisions.
Pond & lake supplies
Aeration Systems
Aeration Systems – XL2
Aeration Systems – XL4
Pond Aeration – XL5
Pond Lyfe
Tubing
Algaecides & Herbicides
Fish Attractors
Fish Feeders
Search for:
Search
Scroll UpAbout Us
Services
Lake Management
Liming and Fertilizing
Pond & Lake Weed Control
Electrofishing & Fish Stocking
Pond & Lake Design
Products
Aeration Systems
Aeration Systems – XL2
Aeration Systems – XL4
Pond Aeration – XL5
Pond Lyfe
Tubing
Algaecides & Herbicides
Fish Feeders
Fish Attractors
Media
News & Articles
Photo Gallery
Video
Tools
Plant Identifier
Tools for Pond Weeds
Contact Us
Alabama
Florida
Georgia
Mississippi
North Carolina
South Carolina
Tennessee