https://aspb.org/advocacy/science-policy-news/
You are here: Home / Advocacy / Science Policy NewsScience Policy News
Read about ASPB members in the news and other items of interest for the plant biology community on our Policy Blog. The blog features news and information before they hit the pages of the ASPB Newsletter. It also provides an opportunity for you to engage in dialogue on policy developments affecting the plant biology community.
You can also join science policy discussions online at Plantae.org.
Recent Science Policy Updates
Letter urging continued support for AFRI (FY2021)
The AFRI Coalition sends letter to Chairman Hoeven, Ranking Member Merkley, Chairman Bishop, and Ranking Member Fortenberry (members of the U.S. Senate and House Agriculture Appropriations Subcommittees) regarding fiscal year 2021 spending proposals. The AFRI Coalition commends you for your support of USDA’s Agriculture & Food Research Initiative (AFRI) and...
Read more
Source:
Science Policy News Feed
Published on: 2020-11-30
ASPB joins CNSF in support for NSF funding (FY21)
ASPB signs on to coalition letter in support of the NSF for fiscal year 2021 appropriations legislation. The letter was sent on November 20, 2020 to the U.S. Senate and House Committee on Appropriations members:  Chairman Shelby, Vice Chairman Leahy, Chairwoman Lowey, and Ranking Member Granger. As Congress seeks to...
Read more
Source:
Science Policy News Feed
Published on: 2020-11-20
Agency Update: NIH Releases Final Data Management and Sharing Policy
As part of its ongoing work to standardize and promote the sharing of data generated from biomedical research, the National Institutes of Health (NIH) published its final NIH Policy for Data Management and Sharing (DMS) on October 29, 2020.  The final policy is the culmination of several recent efforts from...
Read more
Source:
Science Policy News Feed
Published on: 2020-11-06
Agency Update: DOE Ready to Launch New Portal For Application Submissions for EERE Research and Development Opportunities
On November 2, the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) will launch a new portal to list all future funding opportunities and submit applications for renewable energy and energy efficiency programs.  Fiscal year (FY) 2021 application submissions will be through the new portal, while open opportunities published prior to November 2...
Read more
Source:
Science Policy News Feed
Published on: 2020-10-30
Funding Opportunity: NSF Releases Mid-Career Advancement Program Solicitation
The National Science Foundation (NSF) recently released a solicitation for the new Mid-Career Advancement (MCA) program.  NSF recognizes that while the mid-career timeframe is essential for advancing research, many faculty have to balance research with other demands, such as teaching and service activities.  Through this solicitation, NSF intends to support...
Read more
Source:
Science Policy News Feed
Published on: 2020-10-22
Read more Science Policy News on the ASPB blog.
AdvocacyBecome an Advocate
Decadal Vision
Science Policy Issues
Science Policy News
Plantae Job Board
Environmental Inspector | Wood
December 10, 2020
Biology Research Associate | Brookhaven National Laboratory
December 9, 2020
Graduate Research Assistantship in Precision Poultry Farming | The University of Tennessee, Knoxville
December 9, 2020
Sr. Quality Engineer
| Saint-Gobain
December 9, 2020
Senior Project Manager | Caltrain
December 9, 2020
See All Listings
About ASPB
Join ASPB
Manage your Membership
Join an ASPB Section
Visit our Store
Sponsorship & Advertising
Make a Donation
Read the Plant Science Today Blog
Awards & Funding
Apply for Grants & Travel Awards
Meetings & Events
Meeting Management Services
Plant Biology 2020 Worldwide Summit(Archive)
Publications & News
ASPB Journals
Read The Plant Cell Blog
Read the Plant Physiology Blog
Submit an Article
Read the ASPB News
Get News & Updates
Check out The Signal
About Plantae
Join Plantae
Subscribe to the Plant Science Research Weekly
Search for Careers & Internships
Listen to Plantae Podcasts
Submit your Science Event to our Calendar
*All Plantae content is licensed under a Creative Commons A-NC 2.0 License
© 2020 American Society of Plant Biologists
Terms & Privacy
Contact Us
This website uses cookies to give you the best online experience. By using our website, you agree to our use of cookies in accordance with our
Terms & Privacy policy.I AGREEScroll to top