https://atlanticplanners.org/privacy-policy/
How Do Ihelp_outline
Searchsearch
Menu
Menu
Member Services
Continuous Professional Learning
Categories and Fees
Professional Liability Insurance
Students
Moving or Status Change
Forms
Professional Conduct
Professional Planning
What is Planning?
Why Hire A Professional Planner?
Becoming A Professional Planner
Jobs
Job and RFP Posting Submissions
Provincial Associations
Prince Edward Island
New Brunswick
Nova Scotia
Newfoundland and Labrador
Contact
Conference
About
News
Awards
Results
View More Results
How Do Ihelp_outline
Become A Professional Planner?
Post a job Opening or RFP?
Change or Transfer My Membership?
Contact API?
Register for the 2019 API Conference?
Privacy Policy
Section 1 – Policy Overview
The Atlantic Planners Institute is committed to collecting, using and disclosing the Personal Information provided to it by visitors to the website found at www.atlanticplanners.org (the “Site”) in compliance with all applicable federal and provincial privacy laws in Canada (“Privacy Legislation”)
Section 2 – Personal Information
Federal privacy legislation, the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA), applies to “personal information” about an “identifiable individual” but does not include name, title, business address and business phone number used for business purposes.
Accordingly, the term “Personal Information” within this Privacy Policy means information about an identifiable individual, but does not include publicly available information such as a public directory listing of an individual’s name, position name or title, business telephone number, business address, business e-mail, business fax number and other similar business information (as long as such information is used for contacting the individual in relation to the individual’s business responsibilities and for no other purpose); or aggregated information that cannot be associated with a specific individual.
Atlantic Planners Institute does not sell or lend Personal Information it may collect to any third-party.
Section 3 – Personal Information Collected Through Website
A visitor to the Site does not automatically provide Atlantic Planners Institute with Personal Information. However, the Atlantic Planners Institute web server may collect and retain certain information related to a computer’s visit to the Site such as the IP address and domain used to access the Site, the type and version of the browser used to access the Site, the date and time of the visit, the page that the Site was entered and exited by; and, the address of any referrer website if the visiting computer was referred to the Site by a search engine or another website.
The Site uses Google Analytics™ to record the IP addresses of computers that connect to the Site. Google Analytics™ uses these addresses to generate geographically related statistics which assist Atlantic Planners Institute with the administration of the Site. Atlantic Planners Institute does not attempt to link the IP addresses of the computers that have visited the Site with the identities of individuals.
The Site also uses “cookies” which are small data files transferred to a user’s hard drive by the web browser when a user visits the Site. A transferred cookie can only be read by the Site when a user returns to the Site. Cookies are used to identify users and track their preferences so that a user’s experience with the Site may be customized accordingly. If a user does not want to have a cookie placed upon their hard drive by the Site most web browsers allow users to change this preference to disallow cookies; however, note that this could change the functionality of the Site.
Section 4 – Linking to Third Party Websites
The Site may contain links to third-party websites. These links are provided solely as a convenience to visitors to the Site and not as an endorsement by Atlantic Planners Institute of the contents of such third-party sites. Atlantic Planners Institute disclaims all responsibility for the privacy practices, policies, or other privacy related matters associated with the third–party websites to which the Site is linked.
Atlantic Planners Institute recommends that visitors who link to third-party websites through the Site thoroughly review the privacy policies of those third-party websites prior to providing personal information.
Section 5- Collection, Use and Disclosure of Personal Information
Atlantic Planners Institute collects Personal Information submitted by visitors to the Site as follows:
through the “contact” portion of the Site;
through applications for award, bursaries or scholarships on the Site;
through conference or event registration portion of the Site;
by corresponding with a representative of Atlantic Planners Institute via e-mail using hyperlinks created for that purpose;
when a visitor logs in to the member section of the site to manage their profile and access information.
This Personal Information is used by Atlantic Planners Institute to establish or manage its relationship with visitors to the Site, to respond to the queries of visitors and to facilitate receipt of Atlantic Planners Institute information and services.
Atlantic Planners Institute restricts the collection of personal information to that which is necessary for the identified purposes.
Section 6 – Providing Consent
By providing Personal Information to Atlantic Planners Institute, the individual’s consent to Atlantic Planners Institute using that Personal Information for the identified purposes is implied by Privacy Legislation.
Individuals who have provided Atlantic Planners Institute with their Personal Information may withdraw their consent to the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information at any time upon reasonable written notice to Atlantic Planners Institute. The withdrawal of an individual’s consent may affect Atlantic Planners Institute’s ability to continue to provide an individual with the services that the individual has or would like to receive.
Section 7- Protection of Personal Information
Physical, technical and procedural safeguards are utilized by Atlantic Planners Institute to protect the Personal Information provided to it from loss, theft, unauthorized access, disclosure, use, modification or destruction. The nature of the safeguards will vary depending upon the sensitivity of the Personal Information collected.
While Atlantic Planners Institute endeavours to protect and secure the Personal Information provided to it through the Site, data transmissions over the Internet are always subject to some risk of unauthorized access or disclosure. As a result, Atlantic Planners Institute does not warrant the security of the Personal Information provided to it through the Site and visitors assume any risk associated with the transmission of that Personal Information.
December 15 at 3:00pm to 5:00pm (3:30pm to 5:30pm NL)
API’s 2020 Awards and Holiday Social
learn more
January 28 at 10:00am to 11:00am (10:30am to 11:30am NL)
Housing Needs Assessments
learn more