https://aurorafinechemicals.com/privacy.html
Aurora Fine Chemicals from theory to practice
We produce and sell unique chemicals around the world
navigation menu
Products
Chemical Compound Libraries
Chemical Catalog Online
Services
Custom Synthesis
Peptide Synthesis
Drug Discovery
Hit Identification
Hit-to-Lead
Customer Support
Download
About us
About us
Contacts
Search Center:
Only "A00.000.000" or "K00.000.000" are allowed.
start search
To draw a molecule proceed to Structure search
Privacy Statement
Aurora Fine Chemicals respects your privacy
Aurora is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the Aurora Fine Chemicals web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the Aurora's website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Aurora collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, work address or telephone number. Aurora also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code.
Use of your Personal Information
Aurora collects and uses your personal information to operate the Aurora's web site and deliver the services you have requested.
Conditions of sale and quotations
Aurora does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Aurora may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party.
Security of your Personal Information
Aurora secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Aurora secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
Changes to this Statement
Aurora will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Aurora encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Aurora is protecting your information.
Contact Information
Aurora welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Aurora has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Aurora at aurora@aurorafinechemicals.com. We will use all efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
Terms and ConditionsPrivacy Statement
© Aurora Fine Chemicals, 1990 - 2020. All Rights Reserved.