https://auto743r.pairsite.com/privacy/
Skip to content
The Coleopterists Society
»
Privacy Policy
Security
While no online service is 100% secure, we work very hard to protect information about you against unauthorized access, use, alteration, or destruction, and take reasonable measures to do so, such as monitoring our Services for potential vulnerabilities and attacks.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, The Coleopterists Society may change its Privacy Policy from time to time. The Coleopterists Society encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If we make changes, we will notify you by email.
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
The Information We Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on The Coleopterists Society website. Our membership directory stores personal information such as the following:
Name
Address
Email address
Phone number
(etc.)
On some pages, administrative level users can submit and access information about other people. For example, if they are editing member data, they will need to submit the member’s address. In this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are:
Name
Address
Phone Number
(etc.)
The Way We Use Information:
We do not use any of your information for advertisers.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. We share member email address with Allen Press, the publisher of our society journal, The Coleopterists Bulletin, which enables members to receive quarterly email table of contents alerts when new issues are published. Members can opt out of receiving these email alerts at any time.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
You can access all your personally identifiable information that is collected online and maintain it via the Member’s Database. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please contact the president or secretary.
By continuing to browse this website, you accept cookies which are used to offer a personalized experience on our website and to generate web site statistics. Find out more about our Privacy & Cookie policy and how to manage them on your browser. You can change your cookie settings at any time. Find out more.Okay, thanks