https://avalonsciences.com/cookies-policy/
Home / Cookies Policy (You are here)
Avalon Sciences Ltd provides online services that are easy to use, useful and reliable. These can involve placing small amounts of information on your computer or mobile phone or other device. These include small files known as cookies. There’s a link to general advice about managing cookies at the end of this page.
Cookies cannot be used to identify you personally.
Below is a list of cookies that are used on this Website.
Avalon Sciences Ltd Cookies
Name: PHPSESSID
Typical content: randomly generated number
Expires: when user exits browser
Name: allowAllCookies
Typical content: stores the user’s preference to whether they wish to allow all Cookies on this Website or not
Expires: 1 year
Google Analytics Cookies
Name: _utma
Typical content: randomly generated number
Expires: 2 years
Name: _utmb
Typical content: randomly generated number
Expires: 30 minutes
Name: _utmc
Typical content: randomly generated number
Expires: when user exits browser
Name: _utmv
Typical content: randomly generated number
Expires: 2 years
Name: _utmz
Typical content: randomly generated number and information about how the page was reached (eg directly or via a link, organic search or paid search)
Expires: 6 months
For further details on the cookies set by Google Analytics, see the link below.
Cookies set by Google Analytics
Social networking websites
Social networking websites may place cookies on your computer. Social bookmarks are a way of saving links to web pages that interest you, and sharing those links with other people. You should read their respective privacy policies carefully to find out what happens to any data that these services collect when you use them.
Read the Facebook privacy policy
Read the Twitter privacy policy
Managing your cookies
To find out how to allow, block, delete and manage cookies, follow the link below and select the browser you are using. You can also read your browser’s built-in or online help for more information.
For more information about deleting and controlling cookies, please visit…
www.aboutcookies.org
ORDER THIS PRODUCT
CALL OUR SALES TEAM
+44 (0) 1458 270000
BOOK A TRAINING
COURSE
Click here
AVALON BOREHOLE
TEST FACILITY
Click here