https://ayrstone.com/www/privacy-policy/
HOME      HOW IT WORKS    SHOP     FAQ
Home / Privacy policy
By using AyrMesh.com, you agree to the collection and use of your personal information as described in this policy. If we make any significant changes to this policy, we will notify you by posting a notice of such changes on the AyrMesh.com login page and sending you an email.
We care deeply about protecting your privacy. Please send us any questions and/or comments you may have.
Summary
We will never spam you or give your personal information to anyone.
You can wipe your account at any time.
Other users cannot see your information without your permission.
How we treat your information
We will never spam you.
We do send notifications of new features, products, and policies, and we send occasional requests to participate in customer surveys, but we limit these to a minimal number of emails per year.
We will never disclose your personal information without your permission.
We will never sell, rent or share your personal information with a 3rd party, especially your email addresses and phone numbers, without your express permission, unless required by law. Never ever!
We give you full control over your account information, including the ability to wipe it from our system.
You can update your account information and preferences at any time. You can destroy your account when you choose, and all your data will be erased from our system.
We will only access your personal information when:
You specifically request us to do so (e.g. you are having technical difficulties).
It is required by law.
It is necessary to maintain our system.
We will protect your information from others.
All data within the AyrMesh network are encrypted – from your local AyrMesh devices to the AyrMesh Portal, where it is securely stored on our server.
We may sell, rent or share information about user habits in aggregate only. For instance, we may sell information about the number of users in a particular area or using a particular feature or function, but we would not sell or rent the personal information of those users. We will never do so in a manner that could even remotely be individually identifiable.
What information do we collect?
Personal: Name, address, email addresses, phone numbers, password – All information is stored on our secure server.
Usage: Number of logins, last login, activity and error logs, both for users and AyrMesh connected devices – these data help us monitor the health of the AyrMesh network, and diagnose errors when they crop up.
Cookies and log files
AyrMesh.com sends a “cookie” to your computer that contains an identification number unique to the computer you are using. We use this cookie to provide you with a continuous experience, and for us to record how our service is being used, as is done with most web sites, we log each visit to each web page.
A log entry can contain information typically found in the “header” of your web browser’s request such as the browser type you used, your Internet Protocol address, and the date and time of day. We may also log your cookie’s identification number and the URL of the last site you visited. This log information is important for security, audit, quality improvement, as well as for monitoring the health of our service.
Version 2.0, March, 2012
Share this:Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to print (Opens in new window)