https://barbados.org/terms-copyright/
skip to Main Content
Search
Submit
Today79 F26 C
Sat79 F26 C
Sun79 F26 C
Mon79 F26 C
Tue79 F26 C more weather info.
Add to Favourites
Register / LoginMy Favourites
Barbados.org is owned by The Barbados Tourism Encyclopedia, and licensed to AXSES System Caribbean Inc. Technology and content on Barbados.org is owned by, and copyright to AXSES SCI, or is licensed to AXSES SCI.
No site shall use any of the graphics or information provided on this site without the permission of this site’s owners. The materials displayed on any AXSES SCI site are protected by international copyright law and treaties, and shall not be transmitted, broadcast, copied, adapted, displayed or performed without the prior express permission of the owners.
For further details please contact: email: copywrite@axses.net
AXSES SCI
PO Box 16B,
Brittons Hill
St.Michael, Barbados
Our Mission
Our strategic focus is to provide excellent and comprehensive people oriented content, cultural and descriptive information as well as appropriate and useful technology. We continue to make information of Barbados widely available throughout the internet by reaching out to special interest groups, schools and educators, journalists, travel professionals and the travelling public. We vigorously promote suitable reciprocal links, as well as search engine and directory listings in all regions of the globe. We welcome all. We will provide a human touch in all that we do and avoid technology for its own sake.
Disclaimer
The information in Barbados.org and all AXSES SCI websites is provided without warrantee of any kind. AXSES SCI disclaims any liability for any loss or damages caused by errors, omissions or problems resulting from use of any information contained in its sites. AXSES SCI is not liable for technical failures in telecommunications, hosting or any supplier’s failure.
AXSES SCI does not make any warranties, express or implied, regarding any third party information or any links to other Web sites. The owners of this site do not endorse or vouch for the integrity or practices of any other company. Although the information and recommendations at this Internet website (hereinafter “the Information”) are presented in good faith and believed to be correct, AXSES SCI makes no representations or warranties as to the completeness or accuracy of the Information. Anyone wishing to trade or engage in any form of contact or relationship with those other sites or their owners should satisfy themselves as to the legitimacy of the business or organisation behind the site.
Privacy Policy and Your Data
Be sure to view our Privacy Policy to understand what data we collect, how we use this data, and how to have your data removed from our systems.
Island Info.
About Barbados
7 Wonders
History & Culture
World Heritage Site
Getting Here
Visa Requirements
Island People
Island Living
What's On
Island Guides
Accommodation Guide
Barbados By Map
Barbados By Drone
Beach Guide
Business Guide
Restaurant Guide
Tour Guide
Villa Guide
Wedding Guide
Island Tips
Special Offers
Great Things To Do
Hot Sites to See
All Things To Do
Where To Visit
Private Rentals
Car Rentals
Safety Tips
Island News
Connect
Join Us on Facebook
Follow Us on Twitter
Visit Us on YouTube
Contact Us via Email
Sign up to see What's On!
Email*Lists*What's On In Barbados
facebooktwitterinstagrampinterestflickr
© CARIBBEAN DREAMS PUBLISHING, 2020 | Copyright & Terms | Privacy Policy
P.O.Box 16B, Brittons Hill, St. Michael, Barbados, BB11090
Back To Top