http://besensitivestudio.com/privacy.html
Home
The Overview
The Artist
The Portfolio
The Galleries
The Art Investment Market
The Projects & Purpose
Commission A Woody Painting
Be Sensitive Art Gifitng Project
Woody's Biography
Frequently Asked Questions
General Inquiries
Portfolio.
Privacy. Terms and Conditions.
Copyright: All images presented herein are orginal works by the artist, Jmaes e. Woody. Any duplication and or distribution of this content without written authorzation is strictly prohibited and protected by U.S. and International copyright law. Perpetual ownership of all paintings and images are the James e. Woody Trust, Be Sensitive Foundation and the Global Private Partners (GP2 & Associates) respectively. Website Usage: If you continue to browse and use this website you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern
relationship with you in relation to this website. The term 'Be Sensitive Studio ' or 'us' or 'we' refers to the owner of the website. The term 'you' refers to the user or viewer of our website.The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use: The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice. Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements. This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics.Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions. All trademarks reproduced in this website which are not the property of, or licensed to, the operator are acknowledged on the website. Unauthorized use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence. Privacy: From time to time this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s). You may not create a link to this website from another website or document without Be Sensitive Foundation prior written consent.Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of United States of America.Service Providers: We give anonymous information to the people and companies that help us provide, understand and improve the services we offer. For example, we may use outside vendors to help host our website, serve photos and videos, process payments, analyze data, measure the effectiveness of web page content, or provide search results. In some cases we provide the service jointly with another company, for processing donations. In all of these cases our partners must agree to only use your information consistent with the agreement we enter into with them as stated herein. Security and Bugs. We do our best to keep your information secure and try to keep this website up, bug-free and safe, but can't make guarantees about any part of our services or products. Change of Control: If the ownership of our business changes, we may transfer your information to the new owner so they can continue to operate the service. But they will still have to honor the commitments we have made as stated herein.Links: Inclusion of a link to another website does not imply endorsement of its content or opinions. Your relationship and any transactions with other organizations through their websites or otherwise are your own responsibility. Once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question. Trademarks: The names Be Sensitive Studio, Be Remarkable Project and Be Sensitive Foundation and the logos and any other product and service names that we may present on the Website or its associated services from time to time may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not Be Sensitive.com, net, org or alwaysberemarkable.com, nor in any manner that is likely to cause confusion, or in any way that may disparage or discredit our organizarions. Other trademarks, service marks or logos that appear on the Website or its associated services, in particular (but not exclusively)
are the property of their respective owners and are likely to be registered trademarks and subject to restrictions as to their use. They must not be used without the express permission of the trade mark owner.Copyright:All content on the Website and its associated services is owned by us, our charities, or other original providers, and is protected by the applicable intellectual property and proprietary rights and laws. You may copy content for your own personal, non-commercial use provided you do not alter it or remove any copyright, trade mark or other proprietary notice. No other use of the Website's and its associated services' content is permitted without the express prior permission of Be Sensitive Studio, and, where applicable, the copyright holder.Changes to the service: We will make every effort to ensure that the Website and other services are available continuously, but reserves the right to modify, suspend or discontinue all or any part at any time with or without notice. Unless specifically exempted, any new features, services or software applications introduced shall be subject to these Terms of Service.Failure to comply with these Terms of Service: In the event that you commit a breach of these Terms of Service we reserve the right at its sole discretion to immediately and without notice suspend or permanently deny your access to all or part of the Website and associated services. Termination: You may discontinue use of the Website and associated services at any time. These Terms of Service will continue to apply to past use by you. Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability: We do not, and nothing in these Terms of Service shall act to, exclude or limit our liability for death or personal injury resulting from its negligence, fraud or any other liability which may not by applicable law be excluded or limited. You agree that your use of the Website and its associated services is on an "as is" and "as available" basis and that your use of the Website and its associated services is at your sole risk. We do not guarantee continuous uninterrupted or secure access to our services and operation of the Website may be interfered with by numerous factors outside of our control. On that basis, except as expressly set out in these Terms of Service, we do not provide conditions, warranties or other terms in relation to the Website or its associated services, to the extent permissible by law.We may change the format and content of the Website and its associated services from time to time. Controlling your Personal Information: We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen. You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please email us at be@besensitive.net. If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Contact Us
Register Here-
Request for information Request Information
(Launch a new page) Click here to enter the galleries.
"THE MOST BEAUTIFUL EXPERIENCE WE CAN HAVE IS THE MYSTERIOUS - THE FUNDAMENTAL EMOTION WHICH STANDS AT THE CRADLE OF TRUE ART AND TRUE SCIENCE."- ALBERT EINSTEIN
Info.
Be Sensitive Studio
10926 Quality Drive, #38939Charlotte, N.C. 28278
+704-561-1870
artworks@besensitive.com
Links
PRIVACY & LEGAL
THE FOUNDATION
REMARKABLE GROUP
REMARKABLE PROJECTS
Social
FACEBOOK
TWITTER
LINKEDIN