https://biolog.com/user-privacy-policy/
Home
Products
Products Overview
Microbial Identification
Phenotype MicroArrays for Microbial Cells
Microbiome
Microbial Community Analysis with EcoPlates
Microbial Detection using Chromogenic Media
Phenotype MicroArrays for Mammalian Cells
Mitochondrial Function Assays with MitoPlates
Educational Portal
Support
Certificates of Analysis / Safety Data Sheets
Technical Services
Worldwide Distributors
Bibliography
Educational Portal
BIOLOG, INC.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Catalog Product Guide
News & Events
Tradeshow Events
Webinar Events
Press Releases
Contact
About Us
User Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions
Restrictions on Use of ContentBiolog authorizes you to view and download the materials at this web site only for your personal, non-commercial use provided that you retain all notices regarding Biolog’s copyright and other proprietary rights that are contained in the original materials on any copies of the materials. You may not modify the materials at this web site in any way or reproduce or publicly display, perform, or distribute or otherwise use them for any commercial purpose without prior consent from Biolog, Inc.
Disclaimer of Web Site ContentThe information provided at this web site carries no express or implied warranties as to accuracy, timeliness, or appropriateness for a particular purpose. Biolog disclaims responsibility for content errors and omissions, for any allegedly infringing material, and for any damages whatsoever associated with user reliance on information provided at this web site. Biolog disclaims all liability for any material contained in other sites linked to this web site. A link to a non-Biolog web site does not mean that Biolog endorses or accepts any responsibility for the content or the use of such web site. If you decide to access any of the third party web sites linked to this web site, you do so entirely at your own risk
Revocation of Access AuthorizationBiolog reserves the right to revoke any or all access and use authorizations granted to web site visitors.
User PrivacyAny information that you give to us is used only to process your order, reply to your questions, and improve our web site.
From time to time, Biolog may also use the information that you provide to us to communicate with you for market research or to provide you with product and related information that we think would be of particular interest to you.
Release Associated with User InputBiolog encourages you to share your comments and questions with us and other users. Other than personally identifiable information, which is covered under the User Privacy statement (above), any material, information, or other communication that you transmit or post to this web site will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. Biolog assumes no responsibility for reviewing unsolicited ideas for our business (like product or advertising ideas) and will not incur any liability as a result of any similarities between those unsolicited ideas and ideas that may appear in future Biolog products and advertising. You agree that all rights to materials and ideas submitted by you to Biolog may be used by Biolog for any purpose without compensation to you.
User Bulletin BoardsBiolog may but is not obligated to monitor and review any areas on this web site where users transmit or post communications or communicate solely with each other, including but not limited to bulletin boards, and other user forums. Furthermore, Biolog may but is not obligated to review the content of any such communications. The messages that are posted here do not necessarily represent the ideas or opinions of Biolog. Biolog is not liable in any way for the content of any such communications. You are prohibited from transmitting to or from this web site any material that is unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, or that otherwise violates anyone’s rights. Biolog retains the right to remove any messages that it deems abusive, defamatory, obscene, or otherwise unacceptable.
Restrictions on Links and FramingIf you would like to link to Biolog’s web site, you must comply with all applicable laws and the following guidelines:
A web site that links to Biolog’s web site:
may link to, but not replicate, Biolog web site content;
should not create a browser or border environment around Biolog web site content;
should not imply that Biolog is endorsing it or its products;
should not misrepresent its relationship with Biolog;
should not present false information about Biolog’s products or services;
should not contain content that could be construed as distasteful offensive, or controversial
should not use the BIOLOG trademark or any other trademarks owned by Biolog without permission from Biolog;
Applicable LawsThis web site is administered by Biolog from its offices in Hayward, California. Biolog makes no representation that materials at this web site are appropriate or available for use outside the United States, and access to them from territories where their contents are illegal is prohibited. You may not use or export or re-export the materials at this web site, or any copy or adaptation thereof, in violation of any applicable laws or regulations including without limitation U.S. export laws and regulations. If you choose to access this web site from outside the United States, you do so on your own initiative and at your own risk, and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws. These terms will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of laws.
GeneralBiolog may revise the terms contained in this web site at any time by updating this posting. You should visit this page from time to time to review the then-current terms because they are binding on you. Certain provisions of these terms may be superseded by expressly designated legal notices or terms located on particular pages at this web site.
All content copyright Biolog, Inc. © 2018. All trademarks and registered trademarks are the property of their respective companies. Use of this web site indicates that you accept the Terms and Conditions. Please see our User Privacy policy. If you have any questions or comments about Biolog’s web site please contact us at info@biolog.com.