https://biopoint.com.au/privacy-policy
Home
Products
EasySeed™
ColorSeed™
EasyStain™
Custom C&G
Microscope Well Slides
Quote/Order
About
News
Contact
Privacy Policy
1. Our Approach to Privacy
Welcome to the new BioPoint Website (the Website) owned and operated by BioPoint Pty Ltd (BioPoint).
We respect the privacy of your personal information, and we are bound by the National Privacy Principles as set out in the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) and also comply with the Spam Act 2003 (Cth) regarding electronic communications.
This Privacy Statement explains our (Privacy Policy) for dealing with personal information that we collect when you visit the Website, what we do with that information and any other information you voluntarily provide us with through this Website or by other means.
2. Your Privacy
You are not required to provide us with any personal information when visiting our Website.
However, we will collect personal information directly from you when you enter your personal details on our Website to enable you to apply for a quote, order our products, subscribe to our mailing list or make contact with us by sending us an e-mail. Your personal information (including e-mail address, name, address, and phone number) and identifiable individual responses will only be used as described in this policy and will not otherwise be disclosed to anyone without your permission. We will clearly represent to you what we are doing through the Website (the Website).
We will maintain high standards of professional conduct in the collection, handling and reporting of the information you provide.
3. Use and Disclosure of Non-Personal Information
On occasions, our Website may use Cookies or various types of data collecting techniques to enhance the viewing experience or collect session information.
Under NO circumstances is any data tied to identifiable information such as an e-mail address.
If you do not want Cookies to be used, the help menu of your web browser, or your internet service provider, should tell you how to deactivate them.
4. Use and Disclosure of Personal Information
When we do collect personal information from you, we may store, process and use it for the following purposes:
(1) internally at BioPoint to directly contact you in relation to our products and services or responding to your questions sent to us;
(2) to compile the aggregate information described above; or
(3) if required to release personal information because of a court order, government agency, or by law.
5. Sharing Information
The laws and regulations in different countries impose different requirements on the Internet and data protection.
BioPoint is based in Australia as are the servers that make our sites available worldwide.
All matters relating to our sites are governed by the laws of New South Wales in Australia.
We may share your information with our distributors, agents and contractors located outside Australia. If we do this we require these parties to protect your information in generally the same way we do.
The information you provide may be transferred outside your country to another country that does not have similar data protection legislation to and may provide a lower level of protection for your information.
However, we take certain measures outline below to try to ensure the security of your information.
By submitting any information, you consent to these transfers.
We will never sell your personal information to any third party without your consent. However, information may be transferred to another company if there is a sale or merger of BioPoint or the division responsible for these services.
6. Security
We use a variety of physical and electronic security measures including restricting physical access to our offices and firewalls and secure databases to keep personal information secure from misuse, loss or unauthorised use or disclosure.
The internet is not a secure environment. Though we make reasonable efforts to protect the security of your information and our system, no transmission via the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100 percent secure. If you send us information, including your credit card details or e-mail address, it is sent at your own risk. You assume this risk by using this Website.
7. Access to Personal Information
If you wish to have access to any personal information that BioPoint holds about you, or you have any complaints concerning your information privacy please send your request to us either by e-mail to info@biopoint.com.au or by mail at PO Box 599, North Ryde BC NSW Australia 1670.
8. E-mail database and Spam
You may receive e-mails directly from BioPoint or e-mails sent on our behalf from our distributors, agents and contractors. These e-mails may contain promotional information about us in addition to other relevant information regarding our Website, products and services. By using or accessing the Website, you have given your consent to us, our distributors, agents and contractors (as the case may be) to send you these types of
e-mails.
If at any time you change your mind, you can use the unsubscribe facility in our
e-mails.
On our Website there is an option to subscribe to an e-mail database which is used to send out our newsletter and press releases. There is always an option to decline the subscription or unsubscribe after receiving the newsletter.
E-mail addresses gathered for subscription purposes are used only for this purpose and no other.
9. Changes to the Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change, add to, or remove portions from this Privacy Policy at any time. You should read this page regularly to ensure you are updated as to any changes. However, if any change involves a plan to use your personal information in a way that differs from this Privacy Policy, we will first send you an e-mail to obtain your prior consent. However, your continued access to the Website after such changes conclusively demonstrates your consent to any changes.
10. Terms and Conditions
Use of the Website is governed by the provisions contained in the Terms and Conditions. This Privacy Policy forms part of those Terms and Conditions. Your use of, or access to the Website constitutes your agreement to be bound by these provisions. If you do not agree to these Terms and Conditions, you may not access or otherwise use the Website.
11. Complaints and Updating Personal Information
If you wish to update or correct any personal information that BioPoint holds about you, or if you have questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy in relation to your personal information, please contact us at:
BioPoint Pty Ltd
Street Address: Unit 1, 35 – 41 Waterloo Road North Ryde NSW 2113 Australia
Mailing Address: PO Box 599 North Ryde BC NSW 1670 Australia
Phone: +61 2 8877 9127
E-Mail: info@biopoint.com.au
Site.
Home
Products
Quote/Order
About
News
Contact
Products.
EasySeed
EasyStain
ColorSeed
Custom C&G
Microscope Well Slides
Terms.
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2020 BioPoint Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved.