https://birdgard.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
PRIVACY NOTICE 6/2020
WHO WE ARE
This is the main Privacy Notice for Bird Gard, LLC. Under applicable law, Bird Gard, LLC. ("Bird Gard") is considered the "data controller" of the personal data the company handles under this Privacy Notice. In other words, Bird Gard is responsible for deciding how the company collects, uses and discloses this data. Bird Gard’s contact information appears at the end of this Privacy Notice.
WHAT THIS PRIVACY NOTICE COVERS
This Privacy Notice applies to our website and any apps or links that connect to our website.
WHAT IS PERSONAL DATA?
"Personal data" means information about a person that can be linked to that person. For example, an identifiable individual's email address and credit card number are personal data.
HOW WE COLLECT PERSONAL DATA
We collect personal data through our website, apps and links with other websites. We may combine the personal data we receive from any of these sources.
CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL DATA WE HANDLE
We handle the following types of personal data:
Contact information, such as name, postal address, telephone number, and email address
Payment information, such as credit card number and expiration date
Records of your communications with us
Data collected through cookies and similar technology: We and third parties use cookies (technology that reads and writes data on your browser) and other technology to collect data through automated means when you visit our website or if you have installed our apps. This data is used for marketing, analytics and other purposes described in this Privacy Notice.
HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
The specific uses of information we collect will depend on factors including the nature of the information, the purpose and context of the collection, and applicable law. Uses include:
Providing our products and services
Processing, evaluating, and responding to your requests and inquiries
Contacting you (such as by text message, email, live phone calls, or mail):
to provide transactional information
to send you marketing communications or offers
for any other purpose described in this Privacy Notice
Measuring and managing the effectiveness of our advertising and marketing
Conducting surveys, and performing market research and data analytics
Verifying your identity, protecting against and preventing fraud, unauthorized activity, claims and other liabilities, and managing risk exposure (for example, monitoring our wi-fi networks for purposes such as security, abuse prevention and network management)
Operating, evaluating, and improving our business in other ways, including through analysis and research
HOW WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
How we share personal data collected in a particular situation will depend on factors including the nature of the personal data, the purpose and context of the collection and applicable law. Subject to such factors, we may share personal data categories described above for the purposes described above in the "How we use your personal data" section and as described below.
We share personal data within Bird Gard.
We may disclose personal data about you (i) if we are required to do so by laws or legal process, (ii) to law enforcement authorities under appropriate circumstances.
We share personal data with companies that assist us with the uses and disclosures of personal data described in this policy. Examples include data backup companies and email service providers.
We share personal data with joint marketing partners.
Some third parties' embedded content, pixels, or plugins on Sites and in our emails, such as third party analytics and ad tech companies, Facebook "Like" buttons on our websites or apps, may allow their operators to use cookie IDs, device IDs, IP address, and other technology to learn that you have visited or interacted with us and how, they may use this information to create inferences about you, and they may combine this information with other, identifiable information they have collected about your visits to other websites or online services. These third parties may handle this information, and other information they directly collect through their content, pixels, and plugins, pursuant to their own privacy policies.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS OF PERSONAL DATA
The recipients of the personal data disclosures described in the "How we share your personal data" section above may be located in the United States or elsewhere in the world. Privacy laws in these countries may not provide protections equivalent to those of your country of residence, and your government may or may not deem such protections adequate.
OUR LEGAL BASES FOR HANDLING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
The laws in some jurisdictions require companies to tell you about the legal ground they rely on to use or disclose your personal data. To the extent those laws apply, our legal grounds are as follows:
To honor our contractual commitments to you: Much of our processing of personal data is to meet our contractual obligations to our customers, or to take steps at customers' request in anticipation of entering into a contract with them.
Consent: Where required by applicable law, and in some other cases, we handle personal data on the basis of your implied or express consent.
Legitimate interests: In many cases, we handle personal data on the ground that it furthers our legitimate interests in commercial activities such as the following in ways that are not overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the affected individuals:
Customer service
Marketing
Protecting our customers, personnel and property
Analyzing and improving our business
Legal compliance.
HOW LONG WE KEEP PERSONAL DATA
We generally retain personal data for so long as it may be relevant to the purposes above. To dispose of personal data, we may anonymize it, delete it or take other appropriate steps. Data may persist in copies made for backup and business continuity purposes for additional time.
CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
Our websites and apps are not directed to individuals under 18 years old. As appropriate under applicable law, parents or legal guardians with questions or requests regarding their children's personal data may contact us as described below.
YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICES
The following options are available:
You can opt out from certain cookie-related processing by following the instructions in our Cookie Policy below.
To exercise the above right or choice (or any other rights under applicable law), please contact us as described at the end of this Privacy Notice.
The rights and options described above are subject to limitations and exceptions under applicable law. In addition to those rights, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority. However, we encourage you to contact us first, and we will do our very best to resolve your concern.
UPDATES TO OUR PRIVACY NOTICE
We may change this Privacy Notice to reflect changes in the law, our data handling practices or the features of our websites and apps. The new version will be posted at birdgard.com. We will indicate at the top of the notice when it was updated. Where required by applicable law, we will apply changes only with your consent
COOKIE POLICY
On our websites and apps, we and third parties may collect certain information by automated means such as cookies, Web beacons, JavaScript and mobile device functionality. This information may include unique browser identifiers, IP address, browser and operating system information, device identifiers (such as the Apple IDFA or Android Advertising ID), geolocation, other device information, Internet connection information, as well as details about individuals' interactions with websites and apps.
You may be able to set your web browser to refuse certain types of cookies, or to alert you when certain types of cookies are being sent. However, if you block or otherwise reject our cookies, local storage, JavaScript or other technologies, certain websites (including our own websites) and features may not function properly. Blocking or rejecting cookies will also remove cookies that reflect your advertising and analytics opt-out choices.
HOW TO CONTACT US
Any request you make must be in writing and include your name and address and any other information that may identify you and any other relevant information that will assist us to identify you.
Please submit your request to our mailing address below:
Bird Gard, LLC
Attn: Privacy Notice Admin
PO Box 1690
Sisters, OR 97759
Start typing & press 'enter'
Search
Site Designed and Developed by 5by5 - A Change Agency