https://blog.aspb.org/policy-update-president-trump-releases-executive-order-on-race-and-sex-stereotyping-impacting-federal-grants-and-contractors/
Skip to content
Menu
Recent Updates
Research
Meetings & Events
Grants & Funding
Education & Outreach
Policy
ASPB Website
On September 22, President Trump released an Executive Order (EO), entitled “Executive Order on Combating Race and Sex Stereotyping.”  The EO has implications for federal agencies, grantees, and contractors and is a follow-up to a September 4 executive memorandum, M-20-34, which directed executive branch agencies to end trainings on topics such as “critical race theory,” and “white privilege.”  The purpose of the September 22 executive action is to “combat offensive and anti-American race and sex stereotyping and scapegoating,” and “divisive concepts.”  The EO charges that workplace diversity trainings and efforts to address bias and privilege are not to be supported with Federal funding.  This EO is widely perceived to be political messaging by the President leading up to the November election and is likely to be challenged in court as potentially unconstitutional and in conflict with civil rights and state laws.  Similar efforts, such as targeting federal funding to “sanctuary cities,” have failed to hold up in court.
The EO directs federal agencies to review all grant programs under their jurisdiction that could include, as a condition of receipt, a certification by the grant recipient that the Federal funds would not be used to promote concepts such as, “an individual, by virtue of his or her race or sex, bears responsibility for actions committed in the past by other members of the same race or sex; (g) any individual should feel discomfort, guilt, anguish, or any other form of psychological distress on account of his or her race or sex; or (h) meritocracy or traits such as a hard work ethic are racist or sexist, or were created by a particular race to oppress another race.”  The order states an exception for discussing these concepts in a “larger course of academic instruction” in an objective manner and without endorsement.  Each agency would assign at least one senior political appointee to ensure compliance with the EO.
Some agencies, such as the Air Force, have already begun implementing the September 4 memorandum by cancelling contracts with outside organizations that have been providing diversity training.  Under the September 22 EO, federal contracting agencies will be required to insert a contract clause addressing race and sex stereotyping into contracts entered into 60 days from September 22, 2020.  Contractors, if noncompliant, would risk having contracts cancelled, terminated, or suspended and may become ineligible for future federal contracts.  Contractors would have to notify any subcontractors, labor unions or workers’ representatives of these requirements.  The Department of Labor (DOL) would be tasked through its Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) with establishing a hotline and investigating complaints of noncompliance.  OFCCP would be directed to solicit comments via the Federal Register from Federal contractors, Federal subcontractors, and employees of Federal contractors and subcontractors regarding programming.  The EO does not state what OFCCP should do with submissions.
Federal grant recipients and contractors will have concerns about whether diversity and inclusion and sexual harassment trainings provided to their employees will preclude them from federal funding.  While the EO directs the executive branch to “issue guidance and directives pertaining to agency obligations under, and ensuring compliance with, this order;” at this time, the EO contains no provisions for grant agencies to promulgate regulations to enforce it.  There are numerous concerning provisions in the EO, however; given that similar EOs and executive actions have faced successful legal challenges, this EO may face a similar fate.  Absent federal regulations or further guidance, it is uncertain how organizations should respond but recipients of federal funding should be alert for possible updates from federal agencies.  Lewis-Burke will continue to monitor and provide updates.
ASPB is engaged in an effort to respond to the EO in collaboration with other STEM societies and has signed on to two multisociety letters opposing the EO (read more).
Sources and Additional Information:
The President’s “Executive Order on Combating Race and Sex Stereotyping” can be found at  https://www.whitehouse.gov/presidential-actions/executive-order-combating-race-sex-stereotyping/.
Leave a Comment Cancel replyCommentName
Email
Website
Search for:
AboutAbout this blog
Contact us
ASPB website
Terms & Privacy
Recent Posts
Nominations Opening Soon for 2021 ASPB Awards!
Recognition Travel Award recipient spotlight – Pablo D. Jenik
Farewell—and Profound Thanks—to Nancy Winchester
Transforming Education in Plant Biology- Request for Proposals 2021
President’s Letter—Here’s Hoping
Recent CommentsRenee Sung on Help ASPB Push Back – Hard! – Against the DHS’s Proposed New Rules for International StudentsYingxiang Wang on ASPB 2021 Call for Workshop ProposalsHeven Sze on Help ASPB Push Back – Hard! – Against the DHS’s Proposed New Rules for International StudentsZhongchi Liu on Help ASPB Push Back – Hard! – Against the DHS’s Proposed New Rules for International Studentssoundos on Join the 2020-2021 Planting Science Master Plant Science Team!
Tags#extended-deadlines-covid-19
#plantbio16
#plantbio17
#plantbiology15
2015 Award Winners
AAAS Mass Media Fellowship
Agriculture
Awards
BLOOME Grant
congress
education
Environment
funding
GMO Debate
How I Work
Member-spotlight
networking
NSF
Phenome 2017
Phenomics
Plantae
plant biology
PlantBiology14
Plant Biology 2015
PlantingScience
plant physiology
Plant Science Careers
Plants in the News
Policy
President's Letter
Press Releases
professional development
recognizing our authors
recognizing our first authors
research
Research in Focus
science communication
Science Policy
Summer Undergraduate Research Fellowship
Teaching Tools in Plant Biology
the plant cell
top authors
USDA
Washington Update
What We're Reading
Recent Posts
Nominations Opening Soon for 2021 ASPB Awards!
Recognition Travel Award recipient spotlight – Pablo D. Jenik
Farewell—and Profound Thanks—to Nancy Winchester
Transforming Education in Plant Biology- Request for Proposals 2021
President’s Letter—Here’s Hoping
This website uses cookies to give you the best online experience. By using our website, you agree to our use of cookies in accordance with our
Terms & PrivacyI AGREE