https://blog.aspb.org/agency-update-dhs-proposes-replacing-visa-duration-of-status-policies/
Skip to content
Menu
Recent Updates
Research
Meetings & Events
Grants & Funding
Education & Outreach
Policy
ASPB Website
This week, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) announced a proposed rule that would replace the current Duration of Status policies for F, J, and I visa holders with fixed time periods of admission, as a way to increase oversight over these categories of nonimmigrants.  The proposed fixed length of time would not exceed four years for many nonimmigrant visa holders and generally reflect program end dates on individual I-20 or DS-2019 forms.  However, certain nonimmigrants would have even shorter periods of admission, up to two-year admissions, due to national security and fraud concerns.  Those under more limited time durations would include nonimmigrants from countries on the State Sponsor of Terrorism List, those from countries with higher overstay rates, or students who are enrolled in specific courses of study of national security concern.  Additionally, nonimmigrants enrolled in unaccredited schools or programs not participating in E-Verify or would face shorter stay limits.  The rule would allow for a transition period from the Duration of Status framework for current visa holders to the fixed date model, not to exceed four years from the rule’s effective date.
DHS recognizes many F, J, and I nonimmigrants will not be able to complete their activities within their period of admission.  For those F, J, and I nonimmigrants seeking additional time for admission, individuals will have to apply for an extension of stay directly with DHS or to depart the country and apply for admission at a port of entry.  DHS also proposes new procedures and standards to request extensions.  For F-1 visa holders, the rule proposes new limitations on the number of times a student could change educational programs and would limit language training to 24 months of study in aggregate.  DHS notes that these changes have the potential to reduce the nonimmigrant student enrollment and exchange visitor participation.
The deadline for public comment submissions is October 26, 2020.  Comments should be submitted through the Federal eRulemaking Portal at http://www.regulations.gov under DHS Docket No. ICEB-2019-0006.
National higher education associations intend to respond with concerns to the proposed rule and are encouraging institutional responses as well.
Sources and Additional Information:
The proposed rule can be found at https://www.federalregister.gov/documents/2020/09/25/2020-20845/establishing-a-fixed-time-period-of-admission-and-an-extension-of-stay-procedure-for-nonimmigrant.
Leave a Comment Cancel replyCommentName
Email
Website
Search for:
AboutAbout this blog
Contact us
ASPB website
Terms & Privacy
Recent Posts
Nominations Opening Soon for 2021 ASPB Awards!
Recognition Travel Award recipient spotlight – Pablo D. Jenik
Farewell—and Profound Thanks—to Nancy Winchester
Transforming Education in Plant Biology- Request for Proposals 2021
President’s Letter—Here’s Hoping
Recent CommentsRenee Sung on Help ASPB Push Back – Hard! – Against the DHS’s Proposed New Rules for International StudentsYingxiang Wang on ASPB 2021 Call for Workshop ProposalsHeven Sze on Help ASPB Push Back – Hard! – Against the DHS’s Proposed New Rules for International StudentsZhongchi Liu on Help ASPB Push Back – Hard! – Against the DHS’s Proposed New Rules for International Studentssoundos on Join the 2020-2021 Planting Science Master Plant Science Team!
Tags#extended-deadlines-covid-19
#plantbio16
#plantbio17
#plantbiology15
2015 Award Winners
AAAS Mass Media Fellowship
Agriculture
Awards
BLOOME Grant
congress
education
Environment
funding
GMO Debate
How I Work
Member-spotlight
networking
NSF
Phenome 2017
Phenomics
Plantae
plant biology
PlantBiology14
Plant Biology 2015
PlantingScience
plant physiology
Plant Science Careers
Plants in the News
Policy
President's Letter
Press Releases
professional development
recognizing our authors
recognizing our first authors
research
Research in Focus
science communication
Science Policy
Summer Undergraduate Research Fellowship
Teaching Tools in Plant Biology
the plant cell
top authors
USDA
Washington Update
What We're Reading
Recent Posts
Nominations Opening Soon for 2021 ASPB Awards!
Recognition Travel Award recipient spotlight – Pablo D. Jenik
Farewell—and Profound Thanks—to Nancy Winchester
Transforming Education in Plant Biology- Request for Proposals 2021
President’s Letter—Here’s Hoping
This website uses cookies to give you the best online experience. By using our website, you agree to our use of cookies in accordance with our
Terms & PrivacyI AGREE