https://broadcast-weather.net/privacy.html
Toggle navigation
Home
Northeast Forecasts
South Forecasts
West Forecasts
Midwest Forecasts
Hurricane Tracker
Hurricane Advisory
Tornado Warning
Thunderstorm Warning
Flood Warnings
Winter Storm Warning
NOAA Wx Radio Live
Broadcast Archive
Weather Information Network Privacy Policy:
We respect the privacy of all users to this website.
The Weather Information Network will never sell, rent, or share any personal information that may be collected from users of this website.
Most advertisements on the Weather Information Network are provided by third-party advertisers. The advertiser may or may not place or read unique "cookies" within your web browser. Visitors have the right to enable or disable cookies within their web browsers.
Our Web servers perform "reverse", and "referrer" look-ups automatically. Any and all data from such look-ups is stored within our servers. The data collected is never sold or revealed to anyone!
Any information we collect helps us determine which type of web browsers and computing resources are most used by our users, which allows us to perform software changes to better serve our users.
Cookies & 3rd Party Advertisements
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our web site. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information.
The Weather Information Network provides external links to other websites and Blogs. We will not be held liable or responsible for any content and or the security of other websites or Blogs you visit once you or your web browser leave the Weather Information Network.
Weather Information Network
Lake Worth, Florida 33460
Privacy Policy
About
Gadgets:
Live Weather Forecast (Audio) Gadget
West Weather Forecasts Gadget
Midwest Weather Forecasts Gadget
Tornado Warning Gadget
Severe Weather Gadget
WinterStorm Warning Gadget
Northeast Weather Forecasts Gadget
South Southeast Weather Forecasts Gadget
Powered By:
©1998 - 2020 Weather Information Network
4501