https://butterflies.org/privacy-policy/
Butterfly Pavilion is OPEN! To learn more about our operating variance with the State of Colorado, click here.
Buy Tickets
Donate
Visit
Visitor Information
Exhibits
Events
Participate
Memberships
Donate
Volunteer
Career Opportunities
Professional Services
Research and Conserve
C.I.R.C.
Protecting Pollinators
Global Projects
Animal Science
Learn
Virtual Learning
Schools and Youth Groups
Children and Family Programs
Adult Programs
Professional Development
Party & Event Rental
Birthday Party Rental
Special Event Rental
Blog
Shop
About Us
Career Opportunities
Map and Directions
Contact Us
Get Tickets Today!
Plan Your Visit
Privacy Policy
Collection and Usage of Personal Information
Butterfly Pavilion, operator of www.butterflies.org, recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of the users of this website and our digital annual report. Except when specifically and knowingly provided by you, the website and/or annual report user, Butterfly Pavilion collects no personally identifying information about individuals.
As a method of tracking the use of this website, www.butterflies.org, and our annual report, we may utilize the Web technology known as “cookies,” which enables Butterfly Pavilion to relate a visitor’s use of Butterfly Pavilion’s information to any information that the visitor may have specifically and knowingly provided to Butterfly Pavilion. Any such voluntarily provided identifying information, if applicable, may be used by Butterfly Pavilion for editorial, marketing or promotional purposes. Such identifying information, if applicable, will not be transferred to any other party unless otherwise stated at the time of collection.
Butterfly Pavilion only collects any type of personally identifying information to the extent that it serves our legitimate business purposes, and Butterfly Pavilion will maintain appropriate safeguards to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of the information.
Children Twelve and Under
Butterfly Pavilion does not solicit personal information from children. Visitors twelve years of age and under should remember that they are required to obtain an adult’s permission before submitting any personal information to this or any other website.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to make changes to this policy at our sole discretion. Such revisions may arise in response to changes in the law, policy, our site, or other factors. We encourage you to periodically visit this page to review our most current policy.
Please contact marketing@butterflies.org with questions.