https://c2rdesigns.com/privacy/
Skip to content
C2R respects the privacy of every individual and organization who visits our Web site(s) or responds to an online invitation. This Privacy Statement outlines our information gathering and dissemination practices for our Web site(s). Please feel free to visit our sites anonymously or as a registered guest.
Information Collection
In order to personalize your Web experience, we may at times require information from you. Due to our strong commitment to privacy, we will inform you of our information requirements before we collect it from you.
Personal Information
C2R may request personal information (e.g. user name, e-mail address) from you whether you visit our site(s) as an anonymous visitor or registered guest. We will not collect personally identifiable information unless you knowingly provide it to us.
Business Related Information
C2R will not gather business related information unless you knowingly provide it to us. This information will be used by C2R to propose business solutions based on your requirements. Please do not submit your business information to us if you do not want it to be collected. C2R will not use this confidential information outside of the context in which it was provided unless otherwise approved by you at time of submission.
Anonymous Data
To help us understand the trends in user preferences, we may collect non-identifying information during your session as either an anonymous visitor or registered guest. Examples of this type of information include:
Internet browser in use
type of computer operating system
domain name of the web site from which you linked to our site or online invitation
pages viewed
Improved Services
C2R uses confidential information to improve services to you:
to better understand your needs
to Improve our products and services
to establish communication with you
to recognize and better serve you in the future
Information Access and Security
If you have submitted confidential information to the c2rdesigns.com web site, and would like that information deleted from our records, please contact the C2R Web Team.