https://calculus-help.com/mikes-books/
Skip to content
We at calculus-help.com choose Bookshop.org with our calculus book recommendations below because they support local, independent bookstores rather than large corporations. Bookstores are essential to a healthy culture. They’re where authors can connect with readers, where new writers are discovered, children get hooked on the enjoyment of reading that can last a lifetime. They’re also anchors for our downtowns and communities.
SAT Math: Solomon Academy’s SAT Math Book
by Yeon Rhee
This book is catered towards mastering the quantitative reasoning sections of the SAT. The book contains 20 topic-specific summaries and 10 practice problems relative to each section. Along with the topic-specific practice sets, there are 8 full-length math tests with detailed solutions and explanations. 20 topic-specific practice sets with key summaries. Review of essential theorems and properties for the SAT math test. 8 full-length practice tests Detailed solutions for all questions.
Buy Now on Bookshop.org
The Humongous Book of Calculus Problems: For People Who Don’t Speak Math
by W. Michael Kelley
The best way to learn calculus is to work through tons and tons of problems. The Humongous Book of Calculus Problems contains 1,000 problems, each with ridiculously detailed explanations and hand-written notes in the margins that clarify the most difficult steps. Click here to see a sample page.
All of the major players are here: limits, continuity, derivatives, integrals, tangent lines, velocity, acceleration, area, volume, infinite series–even the really tough stuff like epsilon-delta proofs and formal Riemann sums. So dig in to your heart’s content, with completely worked-out examples for just about every problem you’ll see in calculus!
Buy Now at Bookshop.org
Calculus: A Complete Introduction: Teach Yourself
by Hugh Neill
Calculus: A Complete Introduction is the most comprehensive yet easy-to-use introduction to using calculus. Written by a leading expert, this book will help you if you are studying for an important exam or essay, or if you simply want to improve your knowledge. The book covers all areas of calculus, including functions, gradients, rates of change, differentiation, exponential and logarithmic functions and integration. Everything you will need to know is here in one book. Each chapter includes not only an explanation of the knowledge and skills you need, but also worked examples and test questions.
Buy Now at Bookshop.org
The Humongous Book of Algebra Problems: Translated for People Who Don’t Speak Math
by W. Michael Kelley
When I launched the Humongous Book of Calculus Problems, I hoped that students would find value in a massive vat of practice problems with very detailed descriptions, but I had no idea how overwhelmingly positive the response would be. As soon as the book was released, I immediately started working to give Algebra the same treatment. This book will take students through all the topics of Algebra I and Algebra II, including: solving equations and inequalities, functions, factoring, logarithmic and exponential functions, radical expressions, conic sections, and work problems. Bring me your scared, your confused, your bewildered students yearning to pass Algebra!
Buy Now at Bookshop.org
The Humongous Book of Basic Math and Pre-Algebra Problems: Translated for People Who Don’t Speak Math
by W. Michael Kelley
Remember how excited Dorothy was when she landed in Oz? She was in a new place, filled with color and tiny people who could sing and dance perfectly choreographed routines without even rehearsing! Even better, she had a mission. Simply follow the yellow brick road and everything would be wonderful. This is powerful magic indeed. Remember, all of this frolicking is going on not twenty feet from a recently-crushed witch corpse, but no one seems to mind.
Do you feel like Dorothy, ready to step out onto the long, magical road of math, full of excitment, dread, and also pigtails and/or a tiny dog? Are you someone lost along the way to Oz and starting to wonder whether it was really worth stopping to help that scarecrow down? I mean, he can’t even add fractions for the love of corn. The Humongous Book of Basic Math and Pre-Algebra Problems will take you through the poppy fields, away from the flying monkeys, and right up to the front door of Oz, all oiled up and ready to go.
Feel like you need a new brain when you’re in a math class? Are your computational skills all rusty, Tin Man? Maybe a big boost of courage is all you really need to be toto-ly prepared. If you are about to take an algebra class (or have a friend that desperately needs your help), don’t wait!
Buy Now at Bookshop.org
The Complete Idiot’s Guide to Algebra Practice Problems
by Jane Gardner
This is a follow-up and supplement to one of Alpha’s most successful books, The Complete Idiot’s Guide(r) to Algebra, Second Edition. Perfect for students who want all the help they can get, or as a stand- alone workbook for those already familiar with algebra who just want additional practice problems to test their knowledge.
Buy Now at Bookshop.org
The Complete Idiot’s Guide to Precalculus
by W. Michael Kelley
Get all the help you need in your precalculus or Trigonometry class in one, portable, convenient location! Advanced alegra topics include: polynomials; solving polynomial, radical, and rational equations; logarithmic and exponential growth; parabolas, circles, ellipses, and hypoerbolas; matrix determinants; Cramer’s Rule; inverse matrices; and even reduced row-echelon form.
But wait! there’s more! You also get a full trigonometry course as well, including: the unit circle; sine, cosine, tangent, secant, cosecant, and cotangent; right triangle trigonometry; graphing trig functions; proving identities; solving trig equations, the Laws of Sine and Cosine, and much, much more!
Buy Now at Bookshop.org
Precalculus (Cliffs Quick Review)
by W. Michael Kelley
Finally there’s a book that will cover all the important topics of precalculus. In the past, you’d have to buy Algebra I, Algebra II, and Trigonometry review books in a desperate attempt to get the help you’d need in Precalculus. Even more frustrating, there was no guarantee that those books would even contain everything you were expected to understand in class (can you say “Gauss-Jordan elimination”?).
Cliffs Quick Review Precalculus is written in the same style as other titles in the famous series: You get right to the point with all the topics, with no fluff, and just the right amount of practice. Keep in mind that even though Mike’s characteristic humor is absent (a requirement of the series), his crystal clear explanations remain.
Buy Now at Bookshop.org
The Humongous Book of Geometry Problems: Translated for People Who Don’t Speak Math
by W. Michael Kelley
They said it couldn’t be done. They said it shouldn’t be done. They said I should own more then two pairs of pants for “hygiene reasons.” But who are they anyway? Honestly, I am not sure who they are, but I am sure they’d want 1,000 geometry problems in every shape, size, area, and volume.  Everything you need to get from Point A to Point B is right here, including these topics: logic and proof, parallel and perpendicular lines, polygons, congruent and similar triangles, quadrilaterals and parallelograms, right triangles, circles, area, perimeter, volume, surface area, gometric constructions, coordinate geometry, vectors, transformations, symmetry, and even truth tables!
Buy Now at Bookshop.org
The Humongous Book of Statistics Problems: Translated for People Who Don’t Speak Math (Humongous Book Of…)
by W. Michael Kelley, Robert A. Donnelly
The Humongous series is back, and this time it’s got a hankering for statistics problems. Like its predecessors, it’s a massive tome containing all the practice you’ll need on topics including: descriptive statistics, probability, discrete and continuous probability distributions, sampling distributions, confidence intervals, hypothesis testing, chi-square tests, analysis of variance (ANOVA), correlation, regression, nonparametric statistics, forecasting, and process control.
Buy Now at Bookshop.org
Calculus for Dummies
by Mark Ryan
Calculus For Dummies, 2nd Edition makes calculus manageable–even if you’re one of the many students who sweat at the thought of it. By breaking down differentiation and integration into digestible concepts, this guide helps you build a stronger foundation with a solid understanding of the big ideas at work. This user-friendly math book leads you step-by-step through each concept, operation, and solution, explaining the “how” and “why” in plain English instead of math-speak. Through relevant instruction and practical examples, you’ll soon learn that real-life calculus isn’t nearly the monster it’s made out to be.
Calculus is a required course for many college majors, and for students without a strong math foundation, it can be a real barrier to graduation. Breaking that barrier down means recognizing calculus for what it is–simply a tool for studying the ways in which variables interact. It’s the logical extension of the algebra, geometry, and trigonometry you’ve already taken, and Calculus For Dummies, 2nd Edition proves that if you can master those classes, you can tackle calculus and win.
Buy Now at Bookshop.org
AP Calculus Premium: With 12 Practice Tests
by Dennis Donovan , Shirley O. Hockett, David Bock
Barron’s AP Calculus Premium has all the comprehensive review and practice tests you need for the AP Calculus AB and BC exams. Detailed subject review helps you master the test topics, while practice tests help you apply your skills so you can face test day with confidence.Written by experienced teachers who know the test, this premium edition features:
Comprehensive content review covering topics for both AB and BC exams
Six practice tests in Calculus AB: four in the book and two online
Six practice tests in Calculus BC: four in the book and two online
Advice on how to use your graphing calculators efficiently
Buy Now at Bookshop.org
Archives
September 2020
August 2020
January 2020
December 2019
October 2019
September 2019
July 2019
June 2019
May 2019
February 2019
May 2018
January 2017
September 2016
Categories
Articles
Tutorials
Uncategorized
Video-Tutorials
Meta
Log in
Entries feed
Comments feed
WordPress.org
Recent Posts
Problem 3: Position and Velocity
Ultimate Guide On How To Calculate The Derivative Of Arccos
What is a Relative Minimum in Calculus?
Finding Limits In Calculus – Follow These Steps
How To Solve A Logarithmic Equation In Calculus
Search for:
Search