http://calcnexus.com/privacy.php
Home
Our Online Privacy Policy
Updated 5/21/2018
This document sets forth the Online Privacy Policy for CalcNexus.com (the "Site").
If you have objections to the Privacy Policy, you should not access or use this Site.
Basic Privacy
CalcNexus.com is committed to protecting the privacy of our online visitors. The information entered into our online calculators is not used, analyzed, distributed, or sold to any person or company. We analyze general website traffic statistics, but this is not tied to personal information.
Some financial calculators require you to enter information such as income, loan amounts, etc. We do not store, sell, trade, or give this information to other companies or organizations.
Site Traffic Statistics
Our server may keep a log of site usage statistics such as the numbers of hits on various pages, clicks on certain links, and the sites from which a visitor is referred. For example, if you find our site through a search engine, our logs will show that a visitor clicked through to our site from that search engine. Such information is used to verify the effectiveness of our website. General site statistics may be provided to potential advertisers and link partners. These statistics cannot be used to identify an individual, because they do not include any personal information.
We do not collect or store personally identifiable information.
Children's Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If we learn that we have personal information on a child under the age of 13, we will delete that information from our systems. CalcNexus.com encourages parents to go online with their kids. Here are a few tips to help make a child's online experience safer:
Teach kids never to give personal information, unless supervised by a parent or responsible adult. Includes name, address, phone, school, etc.
Know the sites your kids are visiting and which sites are appropriate.
Look for Web site privacy policies. Know how your child's information is treated.
Check out the FTC's site for more tips on protecting children's privacy online.
Contacting Us: We can be reached by contacting us via the mail located on our contact page.
[0] Calculators | Calc Help | Contact | Privacy
© 2007-2019 CalcNexus.com | Terms of Use