http://calendar.athabascau.ca/undergrad/2020/exams-grades/grading-policy.php
Skip To Content
Undergraduate Calendar Home
General Information
Contact Information
Legal Version of the Calendar
Recognition and Accreditation
Protection of Privacy
Undergraduate Student Orientation
Student Code of Conduct
myAU
Ask AU
Information Centre
Student Identification Cards
e-Letters
Moodle
Postal Service Interruption
Important Dates
Student Support Services
Admission, Registration and Evaluation
Admission
Past Academic Performance
Non-Canadian Students
Returning Students
New Students
Admission Classifications
Enrolment Status
Evaluations and Transfer Credit
Block Transfer Credit/College Diploma
Procedure
Foreign Transcript Evaluations
Timeline for Evaluation Completion
Course Registration While Waiting for Evaluation Completion
Notification of Evaluation
Transfer Credit Time Limits
Appeal Process Concerning Transfer Credit
Transferring AU Courses to Another Institution
Letter of Permission
Outgoing Letter of Permission
Incoming Letter of Permission
Prior Learning Assessment and Recognition
Graduation
Procedure
Parchment Replacement
Registration
Prerequisites
Requests for Exception
Auditing a Course
Zero-Credit Courses
Individualized Study/Online Courses
Grouped Study Courses
Challenge for Credit
Undergraduate Programs
General Information
Enrolling in a Program
Student Resources
Graduation with Distinction and Great Distinction
French Language Recognition
Residency Requirement
Residency Chart
Arts
General Regulations - BA, 3-year
General Regulations - BA, 4-year
Anthropology
Anthopology Major
Anthopology Minor
Canadian Studies
Canadian Studies Minor
English
English Concentration
English Major
English Minor
French
French Concentration
French Major
French Minor
Global Studies
Global Studies Minor
Heritage Resources Management
Heritage Resources Management Minor
History
History Concentration
History Major
History Minor
Humanities
Humanities Major
Humanities Minor
Inclusive Education
Inclusive Education Minor
Labour Studies
Labour Studies Major
Labour Studies Minor
Philosophy
Philosophy Minor
Political Economy
Political Economy Major
Political Economy Minor
Political Science
Political Science Major
Political Science Minor
Psychology
Psychology Concentration
Psychology Major
Psychology Minor
Public Administration
Public Administration Minor
Sociology
Sociology Concentration
Sociology Major
Sociology Minor
Women's and Gender Studies
Women's and Gender Studies Major
Women's and Gender Studies Minor
Commerce
General Regulations
General Regulations, Post Diploma
Accounting
Accounting Major
Accounting Major, Post Diploma
Business Technology Management
Business Technology Management Major
Business Technology Management Major, Post Diploma
Finance
Finance Major
Finance Major, Post Diploma
Human Resources Management
Human Resources
Management Major
Human Resources Management Major, Post Diploma
Indigenous Business
Indigenous Business Major
Indigenous Business Major, Post Diploma
Marketing
Marketing Major
Marketing Major, Post Diploma
General Studies
Health Administration
Health Administration, 3-year
Health Administration, 3-year, Post Diploma
Human Resources and Labour Relations
Human Resources and Labour Relations, 3-year
Human Resources and Labour Relations, 3-year, Post Diploma
Management
Management, 3-year, General Regulations
Management, 3-year, Post Diploma, General Regulations
Nursing
Post RN
Post LPN
Professional Arts, General Regulations
Common Core
Communication Studies Major
Criminal Justice Major
Governance, Law and Management Major
Human Services Major
Science
Bachelor of Science, 4-year
Bachelor of Science, 4-year, Post Diploma
Computing and Informations Systems Major, 4-year
Applied Mathematics Major, 4-year
Human Science Major, 4-year
Bachelor of Science Minors
Applied Mathematics Minor
Architecture Minor
Biology Minor
Business Administration Minor
Computing Minor
Finance Management Minor
Game Design and Development Minor
Game Programming Minor
Geoscience Minor
Human Science Minor
Information Systems Management Minor
Information Systems Minor
Learning Technology Minor
Physical Sciences Minor
Psychology Minor
Web Development Minor
Architecture
Bachelor of Science Major in Architecture, 4-year
Bachelor of Science Major in Architecture, Post Diploma
University Diploma
University Diploma in Arts
University Certificate
University Certificate, General Regulations
Accounting
Advanced Accounting
Computer and Management Information Systems
Computing and Information Systems
Counselling Women
Finance
French Language Proficiency
Heritage Resources Management
Human Resources and Labour Relations
Management Applications
Management Foundations
Marketing
Public Administration
Post-Baccalaureate Certificate
Post-Baccalaureate Certificate: Inclusive Education
Certificate of Completion - English Language Proficiency Program
Archived Program Regulations
PDF Version – Calendar
Undergraduate Courses
Examinations and Grades
Examinations
Preparation
Requesting an Exam
Examination Centres
Invigilators
Unwritten/Multiple Exams
Supplemental Exams
Challenge for Credit Examinations
Grouped Study Examinations
Marks and Grades
Grading Policy
Appeals
Transcript Requests
Undergraduate Fees and Refunds
Fees
Fee Summary
Canadian Student Fees
Non-Canadian Student Fees
Students Outside Canada
Courses Without Course Packages
Estimated Undergraduate Program Fees
120-Credit Program Fees
90-Credit Program Fees
60-Credit Program Fees
45-Credit Program Fees
42-Credit Program Fees
33-Credit Program Fees
30-Credit Program Fees
24-Credit Program Fees
Challenge for Credit Fees
Academic-Related Fees
Students' Union/Alumni Relations Fees
G.S.T.
Methods of Payment
Courier Fees
Refunds
Refunds: Individualized Study Course Tuition
Refunds: Grouped Study Course Tuition
Credit Balances
Delinquent Accounts
Receipts
Form T2202
Faculty
The Governors of Athabasca University
Faculty of Business
Faculty of Health Disciplines
Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences
Faculty of Science and Technology
Other Centres
Student Code of Conduct and Right to Appeals Regulations
Student Academic Misconduct Policy
General Regulations
Intellectual Honesty
Academic Offences
Penalties
Disciplinary Procedures
Appeals
Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy
Time Limits for Appeals
Non-Academic Misconduct Policy
General Regulations
Non-Academic Offences
Disciplinary Action and Procedures
Student Records and Transcripts
Exclusion from Class or Exam for Disruptive Behaviour
Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy
Student Appeals Policy
Membership
Consultation
Appealable Actions and Decisions
Appeals Process of Assignment of Grades
Appeals Process for Transfer Credit Evaluations and Assessments
Appeals of Matters of Institutional Procedures or Policy
Appeals of Penalties Arising from the Academic Misconduct Policy
Student Academic Appeals Committee Written Appeal
Time Limits
Glossary
Site Map
Search Undergraduate Calendar
Examinations and Grades
6.2.1 Grading Policy
Effective January 1, 2003, Athabasca University adopted the province-wide alpha/4.0 grading system to report undergraduate final grades. Courses with start dates of January 1, 2003, and later use an alpha grading scale. For courses with start dates before January 1, 2003, the percentage grading scale is used.
For individual courses, the alpha scale uses letter grades ranging from A+ through F to reflect a student’s performance and knowledge of the materials covered. Overall academic performance is reported using the 4.0 grade-point average (GPA) scale. A grade point is a value between 0 and 4.00 that is assigned to a grade (alpha or percentage). The grade-point average is a weighted average of all the courses a student has taken with AU.
The passing grade for AU undergraduate courses taken before December 31, 2002, is 50 per cent unless otherwise stipulated
in the course outline/syllabus. For courses started January 1, 2003, and later (including Challenge for Credit), the passing grade is the equivalent to a D unless otherwise stipulated
in the course outline/syllabus.
Alpha grading scale
6.2.1.1 Grade-Point Average
A grade-point average is calculated for all AU undergraduate transcripts. All courses listed on your transcript have a grade and are included in the cumulative grade-point average calculation.
For each course taken, the transcript will display the course grade (percentage or alpha) as well as its corresponding 4-point grade value. All failing grades, excluding WF (Withdrawal Failure) and U (Failure: in courses using pass/fail grade mode), are calculated into the cumulative average. For courses started before December 31, 2002, the actual percentage grade earned by a student for a failed course is also shown on the transcript. For courses started before September 1989, the passing grade is 60 per cent unless stipulated otherwise. Grades for courses using the pass/fail grade mode are not included in the GPA calculation.
Alpha grading scale
6.2.1.2 Notification of Marks and Grades
Unofficial final grades can be viewed in Gradebook in the myAU portal. It can take five to seven days from the time your final grade appears in Gradebook until the final grade is entered into the student information system. If the final grade appears in the PDF document when you preview your transcript online, then the final grade is entered in the student information system and you can order a transcript. For each course you complete, the Office of the Registrar will provide a statement of the final grade that you achieved and the credits you earned.
If you are transferring your courses to another institution, please determine the receiving institution’s deadlines and ensure you allow adequate time for your grades to be processed and sent.
6.2.1.3 Questions Regarding Marks
Questions about your midterm marks may be directed to your Academic Centre or tutor. You must identify yourself before AU staff will release unofficial marks or grades over the telephone. Marks and grades released over the telephone have no official standing.
The Office of the Registrar provides statements of your composite grade (final grade) achieved in courses and the credits earned for each course completed. Your course composite grade cannot be calculated until all the course requirements (e.g., labs, assignments, essays, tests, quizzes, and examinations) have been completed, submitted, and marked.
Transcript Requests
6.2.1.4 Final Grade Processing
We recommend that you write your examination and complete and submit all your assignments at least six weeks before the date your final grade is required.
If you are transferring your courses to another institution, please ask about the receiving institution’s deadlines and ensure that you allow adequate time for your grades to be processed and sent.
6.2.1.5 Incomplete Course Work
Before December 31, 2002, students who were unable to complete a course by the course contract end date and did not request a course extension or a course withdrawal were awarded a grade of 0F (Zero Failure).
After January 1, 2003, students who are unable to complete their course by the course contract end date and do not request a course extension or a course withdrawal are awarded a grade of F (Failure) or U (Failure: for courses using pass/fail grade mode).
For courses that have mandatory components (e.g., quizzes, assignments, or minimum grades on all assignments or quizzes), these components must be completed to pass the course. A mark of zero on such a component may result in a failing grade being assigned to the course. You are strongly advised to carefully read the course evaluation scheme in the course syllabus.
Some courses, especially those with lab components, are offered only at specific times of the year and are exempt from this policy. For more information, contact the Academic Centre that offers the course.
Course Extensions
Course Withdrawal
Information effective Sept. 1, 2020 to Aug. 31, 2021.
Related Links
Office of the Registrar
Learner Support Services
Request an Exam
Updated October 07 2020 by laurab
AU, CANADA'S OPEN UNIVERSITY, is an internationally recognized leader in online and distance learning.
A-Z Index
Contact AU
Feedback
Privacy
News Room
open. online. everywhere.