http://carbonfund.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment to Our Donors
This privacy policy will explain how our organization uses the personal data we collect from you when you use our website.
What data do we collect?
Carbonfund.org collects the following data:
When you make a donation we will collect the following information in order to process the order: name, address, phone number, email address and credit card information.
If you are making a donation on behalf of someone else, we will collect their name, address, and email address if provided.
If you make an online inquiry, we collect your name and email address, and any other personal information such as phone number that you provide.
If you sign up to receive our e-newsletter, we collect your email address as provided.
How do we collect your data?
You directly provide Carbonfund.org with the data we collect. We collect data and process data when you:
Make an online donation
Send an inquiry via our “Contact Us” page
Sign up to receive our e-newsletter
How will we use your data?
We use your information to process your donation and to verify credit card data. We use your mailing address to send your donation receipt and certificate, if ordered, and to let you know about our projects through our publications. Your phone number is used only to contact you if we need to verify order information and occasionally to thank you for your contribution. We do not share your phone number with telemarketing centers. Your email address may be used to contact you regarding your donation, your inquiry or to let you know about our projects. The recipient’s names and addresses are used in similar manner, to send the certificate to them and to inform them of Carbonfund.org projects.
Carbonfund.org respects your privacy and will discontinue contacting you at your request, either written or oral.
We do not share your personal information with any other organization, except for a third-party financial institution to process credit card payments you have authorized. The information sent to them is only to verify credit card numbers and process the order in a secure environment. We do not rent or share our mailing list. If you give a donation via one our partnerships, then your personal information is shared with the sponsoring partner and the third-party financial institution to process the credit card.
How do we store your data?
Carbonfund.org securely stores your data via Amazon Web Service (AWS) in the US-East 1 located in Northern Virginia, USA.
You may review the AWS security precautions and policies here:   https://aws.amazon.com/security/
When persons visit our site, data collected by our computers will not be publicly displayed. It is used for our internal data collection purposes only, and is held by our server in a secure location. Our donation and shopping area uses secure web pages when your credit card information is collected. Our online credit card processing system is handled by a third party. Information is relayed to them through secure channels using SSL (Secure Sockets Layer).
We maintain reasonable administrative, technical, and physical security measures to protect your information from unauthorized access and use.  We retain your information only as long as needed to provide our services and for legitimate business purposes, unless we are required by law or regulation or for litigation and regulatory investigations to keep it for longer periods of time.
Marketing
Carbonfund.org would like to send you information about products and services of ours that we think you might like.
If you have agreed to receive marketing, you may always opt out at a later date.
You have the right at any time to stop Carbonfund.org from contacting you for marketing purposes.
If you no longer wish to be contacted for marketing purposes, please contact us.
What are your data protection rights?
Carbonfund.org would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights. Every user is entitled to the following:
The right to access – You have the right to request Carbonfund.org for copies of your personal data. We may charge you a small fee for this service.
The right to rectification – You have the right to request that Carbonfund.org correct any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request Carbonfund.org to complete the information you believe is incomplete.
The right to erasure – You have the right to request that Carbonfund.org erase your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to restrict processing – You have the right to request that Carbonfund.org restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to object to processing – You have the right to object to Carbonfund.org’s processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to data portability – You have the right to request that Carbonfund.org transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.
If you have created an online account with us and would like to update the information you have provided to us, you can access your account to view and make changes or corrections to your information. You may also have the right to be informed of whether we are processing your information and to access, transfer, correct, delete or object, upon request and free of charge, to our use of your information. Please note that we may need to retain certain information for recordkeeping, to complete any transactions you began before your request, or for other purposes as permitted by law.
If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at our email:
Call us at: +1.240.247.0630
Or write to us: info@carbonfund.org
Cookies
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information. When you visit our websites, we may collect information from you automatically through cookies or similar technology.
For further information, visit http://allaboutcookies.org/.
How do we use cookies?
Carbonfund.org uses cookies in a range of ways to improve your experience on our website.
Carbonfund.org uses “cookie” messages to automatically help provide better services. They remind us who you are and how you like to use our web site, based on what you’ve done and told us before. The “cookie” is placed in your computer and is read when you come back to our web site. Cookies let us take you to the information and features you’re particularly interested in. They also let us track your and others’ usage, so we know which parts of our sites are most popular. You can reject cookies or very easily cancel them later. If you would like your browser to reject cookies, you can instruct your browser to do so although some features might become unavailable.
What types of cookies do we use?
There are a number of different types of cookies, however, our website uses:
Functionality – Carbonfund.org uses these cookies so that we recognize you on our website and remember your previously selected preferences. These could include what language you prefer and location you are in. A mix of first-party and third-party cookies are used.
Advertising – Carbonfund.org uses these cookies to collect information about your visit to our website, the content you viewed, the links you followed and information about your browser, device, and your IP address. Carbonfund.org sometimes shares some limited aspects of this data with third parties for advertising purposes. We may also share online data collected through cookies with our advertising partners. This means that when you visit another website, you may be shown advertising based on your browsing patterns on our website.
How to manage cookies
You can set your browser not to accept cookies, and the above website tells you how to remove cookies from your browser. However, in a few cases, some of our website features may not function as a result.
Privacy policies of other websites
The Carbonfund.org website contains links to other websites. Our privacy policy applies only to our website, so if you click on a link to another website, you should read their privacy policy.
Changes to our privacy policy
Carbonfund.org keeps its privacy policy under regular review and places any updates on this web page. This privacy policy was last updated on 9 September 2020.
How to contact us
If you have any questions about Carbonfund.org’s privacy policy, the data we hold on you, or you would like to exercise one of your data protection rights, please do not hesitate to contact us.
Email us at: info@carbonfund.org
Call us: +1.240.247.0630
Or write to us at:  853 Main Street, East Aurora, NY 14052
In most cases, we will ask that you put a complaint in writing. We will investigate your complaint and will generally respond to you in writing within 30 days of receipt. If we fail to respond or if you are otherwise dissatisfied with the response that you receive from us, you may have the right to make a complaint to your regulator.