https://careermanagement.com/privacy/
You are here: Home / Privacy PolicyLatest Revisions: August 13, 2020
Thank you for visiting careermanagement.com or jobranger.com (the “Sites“), each a Career Management International, Inc. (“CMI,” “us,” “our,” or “we“) website. Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used at the Sites and in connection with the various services and software products we provide on or through the Sites (for example, My Online Job Box®, Career Alignment Profile™, and Career Transition Workbook™ collectively the “Services“). This Privacy Policy is hereby incorporated in our Terms of Use and by using the Sites and Services, you accept the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you do not accept the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use any of the Sites or Services.
What We Collect:
Every computer connected to the Internet is given a domain name and a set of numbers known as the “Internet Protocol” IP address. Like most web servers, when a visitor requests a page from the Sites, our servers automatically recognize and log his/her domain name and IP address, along with the access times, referring web sites, platform, and browser type. The information collected is not personally identifiable (as described below) and is used only to provide statistics about usage of the Sites in the aggregate to improve the quality of the Sites and Services, to better understand how people interact with us, or to cooperate with law enforcement.
Additionally, please note that none of the Services include “spyware,” meaning the Services do not run any background processes that report information about your software or hardware configuration or your web browsing or purchasing habits.
Personally Identifiable Information:
Personally identifiable information is information you provide to us that is uniquely associated with you, including, but not limited to, your first and last name, a home or physical address, email address, and telephone numbers. Information identifying an entity other than an individual (e.g., a school or library) does not constitute personally identifiable information and is treated the same as anonymous information discussed in this privacy policy. Although you are not required to provide any personally identifiable information to use most parts of the Sites or Services, registration and full utilization of some of our Services do require that you provide certain personally identifiable information. For example, personally identifiable information you might provide could include your contact information if you utilize the “Writing Your Resume” feature under “Career Transition Workbook™”, your email address if you are registered for the Career Alignment Profile™ or the password retrieval function, or if you submit a help request to us via email. The amount of such personally identifiable information that you choose to disclose is completely up to you, although access to or use of some Services may be affected if such information is not provided. We have put in place procedures reasonably designed to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
In accordance with the United States’ Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998, as amended, we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13.
Information Sharing and Disclosure:
CMI only tracks anonymous identifying information for internal purposes in the manner described above.
The information you choose to provide may also be used to notify you via email of future improvements or new features added to the Sites. CMI may also ask that you complete a one-time e-Survey of your experience on the Sites, so that we may continue to provide the highest level of service to our clients. Participation in these notification or survey programs is purely optional, and you may opt out at any time.
NO personal data is shared with third parties for marketing purposes.
Personally Identifiable Information:
We do not rent or sell your personally identifying information to any third parties. We do not transfer your personally identifying information to any third parties in any way. We may disclose your personally identifying information, however, in any of the following limited circumstances (i) if we have your consent; (ii) if we conclude that we are required by law or have a good faith belief that access, preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of CMI, its users or the public.
The data collected in order to enable us to provide you with the requested e-services are not accessible by anyone outside CMI or our hosting provider. Inside CMI, the data can only be accessed by designated CMI officials, using a username and password combination.
You may ask that your account and all corresponding personally identifying information be removed from the database at any time. To exercise this right, please contact privacy@careermanagement.com.
Links
This policy only addresses the Sites and Services. Other websites, such as those to which we link, may have their own policies. These other sites to which we link might independently collect data, solicit personal information, or send their own cookies to you. We are not responsible for any use of information when you use such third party sites. In such cases, you should follow the privacy link on such site to determine which company’s privacy policy protects the information you enter on such site. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of these other organizations and to contact these organizations directly if you have any questions about their use of this information.
Changes to This Privacy Statement:
CMI may amend this policy from time to time by posting the new text on the Sites. Unless otherwise provided, the revised terms will take effect when they are posted. Once any changes that we make to this Privacy Policy become effective, your continued use of the Sites or Services after such time will signify your acceptance of the new terms.
Questions or Comments:
Questions or comments regarding this Policy should be submitted to the CMI Privacy Office by mail to:
CMI Privacy Office
Career Management International, Inc.
4801 Woodway Drive, Suite 300E, Houston, Texas, 77056 U.S.A.
Or by sending an e-mail to privacy@careermanagement.com.
You may also be interested in:
CMI’s Code of Business Conduct
CMI’s Acceptable Use Policy, Shared Data  and Information Technologies
Home
About
Services
Outplacement
Outplacement Specifics
Retirement Services
Dual Career Transition Counseling
Community Integration
Kingdomality Team Building
Organizational Development
Talent Management
Customized Training
For the Public Sector
Tools
Career Alignment Profile
Job Box
JobRanger.com
Career Transition Workbook
Partner’s Handbook
For Notifiers
Contact
Privacy
Client Login
0 items
Recent Posts
Ask the Counselor: Job loss during COVID-19
Ask The Counselor: Letters of recommendation?
Resume 101: Your Employment History Section
Resume 101: Writing Your Employment History
Ask The Counselor: What does an outplacement service do?
Company Profile
Founded in 1976, Career Management International, Inc. is a certified Woman Owned Small Business. CMI is a leader in the fields of outplacement, career development, and special purpose training. CMI is headquartered in Houston, with offices throughout the United States and affiliates worldwide.
Search
Be social follow CMI
EmailFacebookLinkedIn