https://carmenta.com/en/about-carmenta/data-privacy-policy/
We use cookies on this web site
This website makes use of cookies to enhance browsing experience and provide additional functionality.
Read more about our privacy policy
Do not allow
Our processing of your personal data
Carmenta collects and processes your personal data such as your name and contact details to send marketing communications to you about our products, news and events. We process your personal data based on our legitimate interest of providing you with relevant marketing related to our business activities. All the personal data that we process about you we have received, either because you have bought our products or services, or you have provided us with your personal data via email, at an event/show, meeting or via our website. We will not process your personal data for any other purpose incompatible with the aforementioned and will only store the personal data for as long as it is necessary for the purpose for which it is processed.
In our role as data controller for your personal data we will ensure that your personal data is always processed in accordance with applicable data protection legislation. We will not transfer, disclose or sell your personal data to any third party.
Your rights
You have a right to request access to and rectification or erasure of personal data that we process about you and to obtain a copy specifying that personal data. You also have a right to request restriction of the processing. Furthermore, you have a right to object to our processing. If you object to our processing we will no longer process the personal data unless we have compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms.
Should you want additional information about our processing of personal data you may at any time send an email to: dataprotection@carmenta.com
Updates to Carmenta Data Privacy Policy
From time to time, Carmenta may in future use Personal Data for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in this policy. Such new processing will always be compatible with the purpose for which the Personal Data was collected. If Carmenta Data Privacy Policy change, a news notice will posted at Carmenta homepage.