https://carmenta.com/en/about-carmenta/environmental-policy/
We use cookies on this web site
This website makes use of cookies to enhance browsing experience and provide additional functionality.
Read more about our privacy policy
Do not allow
At Carmenta we are constantly working to minimise our impact on the environment, directly and indirectly, as a result of our products and services.
This is achieved through an environmental management system that promotes efficiency and constant improvements, with the aim of enabling new ways of thinking in all channels, from an environmental perspective and from a corporate financial perspective.
Environmental policy
Carmenta should always ensure that all work is carried out with consideration to the impact on our
common environment:
We increase our knowledge and understanding of sustainable development.
We follow environmental laws and environmental regulations, highlight aspects that affect us and educate our staff.
We make an effort to reduce our transportation, material and energy consumption, and use environmental products.
We recycle our waste as much as possible.
We consider environmental aspects when purchasing external products and services.
We use environmentally approved suppliers.
We make an effort to influence indirect impact on the environmental caused by our business.
We are continually reducing our impact on the environmental through constant improvements.
Purchasing and our suppliers
We make decisions based upon the impact our purchases will have on the environment in our purchasing process. We therefore work according to the following principle:
Re-use
Recycle
Recover energy
Deposit (at the rubbish dump)
We ensure that our contractors are approved according to the Environmental Protection Law and industry-specific environmental criteria. We also prefer suppliers with environmental certification or an environmental policy, an environmental goal or that regularly follow up their environmental work.
Our indirect impact on the environmental
During project work, we take into consideration and try to actively have an influence on factors that impact the environment. We try to influence:
Emissions into the air, sea and land
Radiation that is harmful to human health, e.g. radioactivity, electromagnetism
Energy recovery, re-use and recycling
Use of sensitive land and aspects that cause damage to sensitive land and vegetation.