http://cartoworld.com/privacy/
Privacy
Privacy Policy
Date of Last Revision 24 May 2018.
CartoWorld.com Privacy Policy
Cartoworld.com, (“CARTOWORLD,” “We,” “Us” and/or “Our”) operates multiple websites (each a “Site”, collectively “Sites”), including www.cartoworld.com. The Site, and/or Sites, are operated by CARTOWORLD and have been created to provide information and content about Our company and related Product and Services, to our end-users and visitors (“User”, “You”, “Your”). This Privacy Policy informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of information including Personal Data and other Information that is collected from You, the end-user or visitor, to our Sites, or from the use of our Products and/or Services. By accessing, using, or where applicable, registering with our Site or Sites, our Products and/or Services, You, the end-user (“User”) accept and agree to the collection and use of such information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. CARTOWORLD highly values Users’ privacy, security, and feedback. Any User information we collect is therefore considered private and we do not use it or share it, except as permitted herein, without the User’s permission. We use this information at CARTOWORLD to provide the best Product and/or Service possible. CARTOWORLD is not responsible for the information Users voluntarily choose to submit or share.
Information Collected by CartoWorld.com
When You interact with us through our website, services or product, We may collect information from You. Such information may be collected when You contact Us with inquiries, submit emails, complete registration forms, respond to surveys, register for access to our Products, and/or purchase our Products and/or Services. Wherever we collect information, we make an effort to provide a link to this Privacy Policy. You can choose at any time to opt out by contacting us admin@cartoworld.com. You can also contact us to opt out of your information being used for purposes other than it was originally collected.
Personal Data and/or Information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
First name and last name
Phone number
Address, state, province, ZIP/postal code, city
Cookies, Usage Data and Log Files.
Technologies such as a cookies, beacons, tags and scripts may be used within CARTOWORLD’s websites. A cookie is a piece of information that the computer that visits our website gives to your browser when you access the site. These technologies may be used to improve site performance, analyse trends, administer CARTOWORLD’s websites (e.g. www.cartolvcl.com), track Users’ movements within the website and to gather demographic information about our User base as a whole, either on an individual or on an aggregated basis. You can elect to reject the use of cookies via your browser settings, which in turn may limit our website’s available features. Usage Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol address (IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our website that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers, and other diagnostic data. In addition, most web sites, including Ours, gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information may include Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data. We do not link this automatically collected data to other information We collect about you. Such log files are typically used to improve site functionality, offered services, and analytics.
By voluntarily providing Us with your Personal Data and/or Information, you are consenting to our use of it in accordance with this Privacy Policy. You also acknowledge and agree that such information may be transferred from your current location to our offices, to our servers, and authorized third-parties referred to herein, typically but not limited to, located in the United States. CARTOWORLD will retain your Personal Data and/or Information only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, and will retain and use your personal data and/or information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
Use of Collected Information
Information collected from You and/or Users helps CARTOWORLD better understand Your and/or Users’ needs in order to improve its Products and/or Services. We may retain the information we collect indefinitely. We may use this information to communicate to You about Product or Services we believe will be of interest to you. Therefore, email addresses may be used to communicate with You and/or Users through message alerts, notices, newsletters, promotional emails, approved partner emails and/or for website administration purposes. Each communication we send You and/or Users will contain instructions permitting you to “opt-out” of receiving future communications. If at any time you wish not to receive any future communications or you wish to have your name and/or information deleted from our email records list, please contact us at admin@cartoworld.com. Users may be asked to confirm their identity in connection with such requests.
CARTOWORLD will not sell, rent or lease to any third-party any of the Personal Data and Information or Personal Data that you provide to us.  We consider this information to be a vital part of our relationship with You. However, there are certain circumstances which We may share your personal data or information with certain third parties without further notice. Such circumstances are set forth below:
Business Transfers:  In the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution, or in the event all or substantially all of CARTOWORLD’s assets are acquired by a third party, or similar event, Personal Data and/or Information may be part of the transferred assets. The information may only be used or shared by such third parties for the primary purpose for which the information was originally collected. If such third-parties, or if CARTOWORLD for its own business needs, desire to use User Information for another purpose, You will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our website notifying you of any change in ownership and/or uses of such Personal Data and/or Information prior to the said Personal Data and/or Information being used for a new purpose, and you will have the opportunity to opt out of such new use of such Personal Data and/or Information.
Related Companies: We may also share your Personal Data and/or Information with our related companies for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Related Third Parties, Agents, and Consultants: CARTOWORLD sometimes contracts other authorised third-parties and companies to perform certain business-related functions on our behalf. Typically, we contract with a third-party organisation to process payments for our products and/or services. Additional examples include mailing information and maintaining of databases. When we employ another company to perform a function of this nature, we only provide them with the information that they need to perform their specific function.
Legal Requirements: CARTOWORLD may disclose your personal data and/or information when required to do so by law (and in good faith when we believe it be necessary to do so, so as to comply with judicial process), to protect and defend CARTOWORLD’s rights or property, in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of Users or the public, to investigate fraud, or respond to a government request served on our Site and/or Sites, to protect against legal liability, and/or to any other third-party you have provided Your prior consent to do so.
While CARTOWORLD endeavours to work with other sites and companies with a similar respect for user privacy, CARTOWORLD cannot be responsible for the privacy practices of other sites. We will only share Users’ Personal Data and/or Information with third-parties only in the ways that are described in this Privacy Policy.
Third Party Payment Processors and Service Providers
CARTOWORLD uses third-party payment processors to process payments made to us for our Products and/or Service. In this connection, we do not retain any personally identifiable information or any financial information such as credit card numbers. Rather, all such information is provided voluntarily by you, the User, directly to one of our third-party processors whose use of your Personal Data and/or Information is governed by their Privacy Policies. These third-party payment processors individual Private Policies can be viewed at their respective sites.
Furthermore, we may use third-party service providers to monitor and analyse the use of our website and any service offered therein. This includes web analytics that tracks, analyses and reports on website traffic and activity such as to collect data to contextualize and personalize ads within their third-party advertising network. You can, at your own risk and discretion, opt out of such analytics by installing web browser add-ons specifically designed for such purposes.
Links to Third-party Websites
This Privacy Policy applies only to the use of our Site, Sites, and/or our Products and Services. Our Site, Sites, Products and Services may contain links to other websites not operated or controlled by CARTOWORLD (“Third-Party Sites”). The policies and procedures we described here do not apply to these Third-Party Sites. Furthermore, the links from our Site, Sites, Products or Services do not imply that CARTOWORLD endorses or has reviewed the Third-Party site or its Privacy Policy. We advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
Security of personal information
CARTOWORLD’s Users, and corresponding Personal Data and/or information, are considered to be one of CARTOWORLD’s greatest assets, and thus Users’ privacy is treated with the respect. Hence, CARTOWORLD takes reasonable precautions to secure such information stored within its digital and physical operating environments. CARTOWORLD takes reasonable steps to protect your personal data and/or information provided by you from misuse, loss, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and upon receipt. However, no Internet or email transmission is ever fully secure or error-free and we cannot guarantee its absolute security. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Users’ information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. We, therefore, recommend that you take special care in deciding what information you send to us via email, or other means.
Social Media Widgets
Our website may include “Social Media Features and Widgets”, such as typical web “Share” and “Like” buttons and other widgets. These “Social Media Features and Widgets” may collect users’ IP addresses, which pages users visit on our website, and may set cookies to enable these Social Media Features and Widgets to function correctly. Regardless of whether these Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted directly on our website or by a third party, your interactions with these Social Media Features and Widgets are governed by the privacy policies of the respective organisations offering such Social Media Features and Widgets.
Opting-out, editing, updating or deleting information
CARTOWORLD uses email as a primary communication method and channel with users. Registered users acknowledge and grant CARTOWORLD the permission to communicate with them via email for any purposes CARTOWORLD determines to be relevant. This includes, but is not limited to, notices, product updates, newsletters, alerts, bulletins, system messages, service announcements and other marketing messages. CARTOWORLD will endeavour to honour Users’ requests to opt out of marketing messages, but under no circumstances will CARTOWORLD have any liability for sending any email to its Users. Should you wish not to receive marketing emails, you are requested to contact us directly. In certain cases, some communication may be used for important product or service announcements, therefore, requesting the deletion of certain types of information may prevent users from accessing certain features of our products and/or services. CARTOWORLD endeavours to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, alter, amend, delete, or limit the use of your personal data and/or information. Wherever possible, you can either update such information directly or if you are unable, please contact us to make the required changes. If you wish to be informed what personal data and/or information we hold about you and/or if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us at admin@cartoworld.com.
In certain circumstances, you have the right: (i) to access and receive a copy of the Personal Data and/or the information we hold about you; (ii) to rectify any Personal Data and/or information held about you that is inaccurate; and (iii) to request the deletion of Personal Data and/or information held about you. Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.
Children’s Privacy
CARTOWORLD does not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13, and children under 13 are prohibited from using our Products and/or Services. If you learn that a child has provided us with personal information in violation of this Privacy Policy, please let us know via admin@cartoworld.com. In some localities, individuals below a certain age (often, but not always, 16) may require parental consent when providing Personal Data and/or Information or may be prohibited from providing Personal Data and/or Information. When in doubt, always consult the data protection authority in your locality for the current requirements applicable to you.
Notification Procedures
CARTOWORLD may from time-to-time provide notifications, whether required by law or for business purposes, to its users. Such notification may be provided either via email, written notice, or by a notice posted on our website. Furthermore, CARTOWORLD reserves the right to elect and determine the method of providing such notifications to users. CARTOWORLD is not responsible for emails filtered out by automatic filtering (e.g. spam filters) that users (or their network providers) may apply to these email notifications sent to email addresses provided by users. Hence, we recommend that users add admin@cartoworld.com or admin@cartovcl.com to their email address books to ensure receipt of such email notifications.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
CARTOWORLD’s Products, Services and Business operations may change from time to time. Subsequently, CARTOWORLD reserves the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy from time to time. In the event of any such changes, CARTOWORLD will post changes to this Privacy Policy on this page and indicate the date these terms were revised. Your continued use of our Product and/or Services and this website after the date any such changes become effective constitutes your acceptance of the new Privacy Policy.