https://ccb.se/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Coalition Clean Baltic > Privacy Policy
Coalition Clean Baltic is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected in accordance with the GDPR: the General Data Protection Regulation, a European privacy law approved by the European Commission in 2016 and which came into effect on May 25th 2018.
Coalition Clean Baltic, hereinafter referred as to “CCB”, is the owner of the website and is committed to informing and explaining how and why we process personal data.
When do we collect data?
In order to reach legitimate and specific purposes related to the nature of the organization, CCB may collect personal data from Member representatives, Commission and Government members, Partners, Volunteers, Newsletter subscribers and others:
when you visit the website;
when you subscribe to a newsletter or to a mailing list;
when you fill in a form;
when you apply to become a member organizations or an observer;
when you interact on CCB website and on CCB social media pages;
when we support or ask for your participation in CCB activities;
when we send you information about meetings and events.
What data is being collected?
CCB collects personal data such as:
Name
Position
Address
E-mail address
Telephone number
Mobile number
IP address
Date of birth*
Passport/ID card*
Bank account*
CCB does not share this data with third parties or make any kind commercial use of personal data.
*data collected in exceptional cases for registering to events, for travel bookings or visa invitations
How long will the data be stored for?
CCB stores personal data for as long as it is necessary to perform its activities and as is required by donors and applicable law. You have the right to request the correction or deletion of your personal data. Please contact us and send an email to: secretariat@ccb.se
The request could be denied only to comply with donor and/or legal obligations.
Linking to other websites
CCB´s website contains links and hyperlinks to other external website. Since they are owned and managed by third parties, CCB invites you to review also their Privacy Policy.
CCB does not accept any responsibility or liability for misconduct of any such external website.
Cookies
CCB may use cookies to consent website navigation and to download analytics about traffic and audience. CCB does not share this data with third parties and use the information only to improve the website.
Read here to know more about the use of cookies.
Security
CCB is committed to protecting your personal data and will not use them in ways other than as set in this Privacy Policy or without your consent.
Nevertheless, you should be aware that internet is not a fully protected environment and CCB cannot ensure the infallible guarantee for security of any information. In case of data breach, it is our responsibility to inform the data protection authority.
CCB may modify this Privacy Policy without any further notifications. The modifications will be effective when posted on this webpage.
If you have any questions or comments about our Privacy Policy, please contact us at: secretariat@ccb.se
Thank you!
WHO WE AREGoal & Objectives
CCB Board
Member organizations
OUR WORKAchievements
Annual Report
Baltic Hot Spots
Gender and Equity
POLICIESConstitution
Travel Policy
Privacy Policy
Become a member