http://cdli.ucla.edu/?q=news/cdli-website-encrypted-ensure-user-privacy
Jump to navigation
Main menu
Home
Associates/Staff
CDLI Wiki
PublicationsCuneiform Digital Library Journal
Cuneiform Digital Library Bulletin
Cuneiform Digital Library Notes
Cuneiform Digital Library Preprints
CollectionsBritish Museum
Musée du Louvre, Paris
National Museum of Iran
Penn Museum
Ashmolean Museum, Oxford
Harvard Museum of the Ancient Near East
Oriental Institute, Chicago
Princeton Theological Seminary
Free Library of Philadelphia
Iraq Museum, Baghdad
Royal Ontario Museum, Toronto
Syracuse University Libraries
Hermitage Museum, St Petersburg
Israel Museum, Jeruslaem
Montserrat
Musées d’art et d’histoire, Geneva
Syrian Museums
Hearst Museum of Anthropology
Spurlock Museum, University of Illinois
Kelsey Museum of Archaeology
National Museums Scotland
Charles University, Prague
New York Public Library
Horn Museum, Berrien Springs
JRL Manchester
Bibliothèque Nationale et Universitaire de Strasbourg
CUNES
Columbia University Libraries
Museo di Antichità, Turin
Musées royaux d'Art et d'Histoire
Walters Art Museum, Baltimore
Institut Catholique, Paris
World Museum, Liverpool
Emory
Rosicrucian Egyptian Museum, San Jose
Support CDLI
Quick Search
Publication
Collection no.
Provenience
Period
Transliteration
CDLI no.
Full search >>
CDLI website encrypted to ensure user privacy
Following suggestions from the Center for Digital Humanities at UCLA (and generally Google Inc.), CDLI has migrated from the common HTTP protocol to an encrypted HTTPS connection. This means that any information exchanged between a visitor's web browser and CDLI servers through our website is virtually impossible to track from outside this connection. For instance, an internet service provider or a hacker cannot know what information you entered in any of the CDLI forms. Note that because the CDLI search exposes your search parameters in the URL (web address) so you can share the results with colleagues, the information you enter in the search fields is thus exposed by CDLI as a feature of our search policy. URLs of pages visited are not, and cannot be hidden. Forms concerning more sensitive information than the search form, such as editors accounts login forms on the CDLI front page and on the search/transliteration module, are thus safer. The same applies in the case of an editor using forms in the administrative sections of CDLI, for instance when they change their profile information.
As best practice, it is now recommended to encrypt all websites, especially those that have input forms in which users actively interact in some way with the served content. In an age of ever more intrusive surveillance, every bit of information a user exposes in the web can be captured and exploited to create a profile, that can then be used with intentions that may be benevolent (to sell you more of the same kind of soap), or malicious (to track your passwords and enter your bank account). Although the use of CDLI with its open access policies is not likely to attract the interest of particularly offensive actors, we feel it is important for us to establish good web security practice now to protect the privacy of our users going forward. We are committed to sharing information about cuneiform artifacts freely and in the safest way possible for all users, and encrypting the CDLI website fosters unencumbered access while ensuring a good level of user privacy.
The implementation of HTTPS encryption in CDLI pages is now underway. The Center for Digital Humanities at UCLA provided us with a signed encryption certificate for the cdli.ucla.edu subdomain that we installed on our web server. Employing this certificate, we enable secure connections on the server, and redirect incoming traffic from HTTP links to HTTPS. In the next few weeks, we will work on making all of our website fully secure. At the moment, some pages have hybrid content, that is, encrypted data mixed with external information from third parties. These third party data are generally style sheets or java scripts that aid in displaying the CDLI data requested by users. In addition to browsers' behavior with mixed contents, we have had problems with certain versions of the FireFox browser on Apple OS and Windows. In those instances, the website was completely innaccessible and the browser would display a warning indicating the website was not secure. Adding an intermediary certificate resolved the problem, as described in this FireFox help page. Should you receive security warnings from your browser while requesting or viewing CDLI content, please assist us by posting the details of your ‘encounters’ to cdli@ucla.edu. At the end of this transition process, and in all future iterations of the website, CDLI pages will be fully secured.
EPP
Date: 2017/10/07
Main menu
Home
Associates/Staff
CDLI Wiki
Publications
Collections
Support CDLI
Catalog Search
Terms of Use
Traffic
Twitter
Support for the project has been generously provided by the Mellon Foundation, the NSF, the NEH, the IMLS, and by the MPS, Oxford and UCLA; network services are from UCLA’s Center for Digital Humanities.
© 2020 Cuneiform Digital Library Initiative. All rights reserved.
site by Pendari
admin login