https://centerforbiotechnology.org/terms-conditions/
Close
Donate
Whether your personal interests are in supporting innovation, bringing lifesaving biomedical products to patients, training the next generation of biomedical leaders or fueling our economy, the Center for Biotechnology provides a vehicle to accomplish great things. Things that matter. Things that change, and save, lives.
Your involvement is an essential part of our future. Please consider a gift to the Center for Biotechnology which will help fuel innovation by ensuring that lifesaving technologies make it out of research labs and into the hands of patients.
Give to the Center for Biotechnology online through the Stony Brook Foundation. Contributions can be made to our Fund for Excellence. More information about donating through the Stony Brook Foundation can be found here.
Center for Biotechnology – Stony Brook University
Who we are
What we do
Impact
News & Events
Get Involved
Resources
Terms & Conditions
Welcome to The Center for Biotechnology’s’ web site (“Site”). In using this website you are deemed to have read and agreed to the following terms and conditions:
General
We may from time to time change the rules that govern your use of our Site. Your use of our Site following any such change constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by the rules as changed. We may change, move or delete portions of, or may add to, our Site from time to time.
Site Contents
Unless otherwise noted, all materials, including images, illustrations, designs, icons, photographs, video clips, and written and other materials that are part of this Site (collectively, the “Contents”) are copyrights, trademarks, trade dress and/or other intellectual properties owned or controlled by the Center for Biotechnology. The Site as a whole is protected by copyright, all worldwide rights, titles and interests in and to which are owned by Center for Biotechnology. The Contents of our Site, and the Site as a whole, are intended solely for personal, noncommercial use by the users of our Site. You may download or copy the Contents displayed on the Site for your personal use only. No right, title or interest in any downloaded materials is transferred to you as a result of, any such downloading or copying. You may not reproduce (except as noted above), publish, transmit, distribute, display, modify, create derivative works from, sell or participate in any sale of, or exploit in any way, in whole or in part, any of the Contents from the Site.
Restriction of Liability
The Center for Biotechnology will not be liable for any damages or injury caused by the use of the Site, including but not limited to, any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, defect, delay in operation of transmission, computer virus, or line failure. Center for Biotechnology will not be liable for any damages or injury, including but not limited to, special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials in this site, even if there is negligence on the part of Center for Biotechnology . The above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you to the extent that applicable law may not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential damages. Center for Biotechnology total liability to you for all losses, damages, and causes of action (in contract, tort (including without limitation, negligence), or otherwise) will not be greater than the amount you paid to access this site.
Links to Other Web Sites
Center for Biotechnology make no representation whatsoever regarding the content of any other web sites which you may access from the Site. When you access a non-Center for Biotechnology web site, please understand that it is independent from the Center for Biotechnology and that the Center for Biotechnology has no control over the content on that web site. A link to a non-Center for Biotechnology web site does not mean that the Center for Biotechnology endorses or accepts any responsibility for the content or use of such web site. Indemnification – You agree to defend, indemnify and hold the Center for Biotechnology harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, costs and expenses, including attorneys’ fees, arising from or related to your use of the Site. Termination – This Agreement is effective unless and until terminated by either you or the Center for Biotechnology. You may terminate this Agreement at any time. Center for Biotechnology may also terminate this Agreement at any time and may do so immediately without notice, and accordingly deny you access to the Site, if in Center for Biotechnology’s sole discretion you fail to comply with any term or provision of this Agreement. Upon any termination of this Agreement by either you or the Center for Biotechnology, you must promptly destroy all materials downloaded or otherwise obtained from this Site, as well as all copies of such materials, whether made under the terms of this Agreement or otherwise.
Accessibility
It is our intention to make the site accessible to as many people as possible in accordance with the World Wide Web Consortium Accessibility Guidelines and NYS Technology Policy 99-3. If you encounter difficulties navigating our site due to a disability or while using assistive technology, please let us know so that we can make needed changes or provide the information in an alternative format. Send questions or comments on accessibility issues to: Center_for_Biotechnology@stonybrook.edu.
Disclaimer
THIS SITE AND ALL CONTENTS OF THE SITE ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION WARRANTIES OF TITLE OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE, BY YOUR USE OF THE SITE, THAT YOUR USE OF THE SITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK, THAT YOU ASSUME FULL RESPONSIBILITY FOR ALL COSTS ASSOCIATED WITH ALL NECESSARY SERVICING OR REPAIRS OF ANY EQUIPMENT YOU USE IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF OUR SITE, AND THAT, TO THE EXTENT ALLOWED BY LAW, THE Center for Biotechnology SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND RELATED TO YOUR USE OF THIS SITE.
Privacy
The Center for Biotechnology takes your privacy seriously. As a resident of Stony Brook University, we abide by Stony Brook’s Commitment to Privacy. The University’s privacy commitment is outline below.
Stony Brook University is committed to protecting your privacy and making it easier and more efficient for individuals and businesses to interact with the University. We recognize that it is critical for individuals and businesses to be confident that their privacy is protected when they visit this Web site. You can travel through most of this Web site without giving us any information about yourself. Sometimes we do need information to provide services that you request, and this commitment of privacy explains our online information practices.
The University does not collect any personal information about you unless you provide that information voluntarily by sending an e-mail, completing an Information Request Form, or completing the online application.
This policy is consistent with the provisions of the Internet Security and Privacy Act, the Freedom of Information Law, and the Personal Privacy Protection Law.
Information Collected Automatically When You Visit this Web Site
When you visit this Web site, the following information about your visit is collected and stored:
The Internet Protocol address of the computer that accessed this Web site
The type of browser, its version, and the operating system on which that browser is running
The Web page from which the user accessed the current Web page
The date and time of the user’s request
The pages that were visited and the amount of time spent at each page
None of the above-mentioned information is deemed to constitute personal information by the Internet Privacy and Security Act. The information that is collected automatically is used to improve the content of this Web site and to help Stony Brook University understand how users are interacting with its Web site. This information is collected for statistical analysis and to determine what information is of most and least interest to our users. The information is not collected for commercial marketing purposes and Stony Brook University is not authorized to sell or otherwise disclose the information collected from this Web site for commercial marketing purposes.
Information Collected When You E-Mail the University or Complete a Transaction
During your visit to this Web site you may send an e-mail to the University. Your e-mail address and the contents of your message will be collected. The information collected is not limited to text characters and may include audio, video, and graphic information formats included in the message. Your e-mail address and the information included in your message will be used to respond to you, to address issues you identify, to improve this Web site, or to forward your message to the appropriate campus office for response. Your e-mail address is not collected for commercial purposes and Stony Brook University is not authorized to sell or otherwise disclose your e-mail address for commercial purposes.
During your visit to this Web site you may complete a transaction such as an online application or an Information Request Form. The information collected by the University, including personal information volunteered by you in completing the transaction, is used by Stony Brook University and may be disclosed to other parties for those purposes that may be reasonably ascertained from the nature and terms of the transaction in which the information was submitted.
Stony Brook University does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 or create profiles of children under the age of 13. Users are cautioned, however, that the collection of personal information submitted in an e-mail will be treated as though it were submitted by an adult, and may, unless exempted from access by federal or State law, be subject to public access.
Disclosure of Information Collected Through this Web Site
The collection of information through this Web site and the disclosure of that information are subject to the provisions of the Internet Security and Privacy Act. Stony Brook University will only collect personal information through this Web site or disclose personal information collected through this Web site if the user has consented to the collection or disclosure of such personal information. The voluntary disclosure of personal information to Stony Brook University by the user, constitutes consent to the collection and disclosure of the information by Stony Brook University for the purposes for which the user disclosed the information to Stony Brook University.
However, Stony Brook University may collect or disclose personal information without consent if the collection or disclosure is: (1) necessary to perform the statutory duties of Stony Brook University, or necessary for Stony Brook University to operate a program authorized by law, or authorized by state or federal statute or regulation; (2) made pursuant to a court order or by law; (3) for the purpose of validating the identity of the user; or (4) of information to be used solely for statistical purposes that is in a form that cannot be used to identify any particular person.
Further, the disclosure of information, including personal information, collected through this Web site is subject to the provisions of the Freedom of Information Law and the Personal Privacy Protection Law. Stony Brook University may disclose personal information to federal or state law enforcement authorities to enforce its rights against unauthorized access or attempted unauthorized access to Stony Brook University?s information technology assets.
Retention of Information Collected Through this Web Site
The information collected through this Web site is retained by the Center for Biotechnology and Stony Brook University in accordance with the records retention and disposition requirements of the New York State Arts & Cultural Affairs Law. Information on the requirements of the Arts & Cultural Affairs Law may be found at http://www.archives.nysed.gov/a/records/mr_laws_acal5705.shtml. In general, the Internet services logs of Stony Brook University, comprising electronic files or automated logs created to monitor access and use of Agency services provided through this Web site, are retained for 21 business days and then destroyed. Information concerning these records retention and disposition schedules may be obtained through the Internet privacy policy contact listed in this policy.
Access to and Correction of Personal Information Collected Through this Web Site
Any user may submit a request to Stony Brook University’s privacy compliance officer to determine whether personal information pertaining to that user has been collected through Stony Brook University. Any such request shall be made in writing and must be accompanied by reasonable proof of identity of the user. Reasonable proof of identity may include verification of a signature, inclusion of an identifier generally known only to the user, or similar appropriate identification. The address of the privacy compliance officer is:
Office of University Counsel
State University of New York at Stony Brook
Administration Room 328
Stony Brook, New York 11794
The privacy compliance officer shall, within five (5) business days of the receipt of a proper request, provide access to the personal information; deny access in writing, explaining the reasons therefor; or acknowledge the receipt of the request in writing, stating the approximate date when the request will be granted or denied, which date shall not be more than thirty (30) days from the date of the acknowledgment.
In the event that Stony Brook University has collected personal information pertaining to a user through this Web site and that information is to be provided to the user pursuant to the user?s request, the privacy compliance officer shall inform the user of his or her right to request that the personal information be amended or corrected under the procedures set forth in section 95 of the Public Officers Law.
Confidentiality and Integrity of Personal Information Collected Through this Web Site
Stony Brook University is strongly committed to protecting personal information collected through this Web site against unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. Consequently, Stony Brook University limits employee access to personal information collected through this Web site to only those employees who need access to the information in the performance of their official duties. Employees who have access to this information follow appropriate procedures in connection with any disclosures of personal information.
In addition, Stony Brook University has implemented procedures to safeguard the integrity of its information technology assets, including, but not limited to, authentication, authorization, monitoring, auditing, and encryption. These security procedures have been integrated into the design, implementation, and day-to-day operations of this Web site as part of our continuing commitment to the security of electronic content as well as the electronic transmission of information.
For Web site security purposes and to maintain the availability of this Web site for all users, Stony Brook University employs software to monitor traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information or otherwise damage this Web site.
Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored by the user‘s browser on the hard drive of the user‘s computer. This Web site uses cookies for some of its applications.
Disclaimer
The information provided in this privacy policy should not be construed as giving business, legal, or other advice, or warranting as fail-proof, the security of information provided through this Web site.
Contact Information
For questions regarding this Internet privacy policy, please contact our privacy officer via e-mail at privacy@stonybrook.edu or by regular mail at:
Office of University Counsel
State University of New York at Stony Brook
Administration Room 328
Stony Brook, New York 11794
Definitions
The following definitions apply to, and appear in italics, in this policy:
Personal information: For purposes of this policy, personal information means any information concerning a natural person which, because of name, number, symbol, mark, or other identifier, can be used to identify that natural person.
User shall have the meaning set forth in subdivision 8 of section 202 of the State Technology Law.
Miscellaneous
This Site is controlled and operated by the Center for Biotechnology from its offices at Stony Brook University in Stony Brook NY. This Agreement shall governed by and construed in accordance with laws of the state of New York, United States of America, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed stricken from this Agreement and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. This is the entire Agreement between the parties relating to the subject matter herein and shall not be modified except by a writing, signed by both parties.
Contact Us
Impact
Get Involved
Donate
What we do
Business Development
Technology Development
Workforce Development
Infrastructure Development
Who We Are
Mission & History
Management Team & Advisory Board
Advisors & Sponsors
Stakeholders
Long Island Bioscience Hub
Long Island BioMentor Initiative
BARDA DRIVe Accelerator
News & Events
Reports & Publications
Resources
© 2015 Center for
Biotechnology.
All rights reserved.
Terms & Conditions
Site Map