https://centerforinquiry.org/privacy/
+
This Privacy Policy explains how the Center for Inquiry (CFI) collects and uses the personal information collected on its Web sites. The following applies to the gathering and dissemination of information through all resources hosted at centerforinquiry.net and cfi.convio.net and may be changed by CFI at any time.
What We Collect
CFI gathers the following types of information about users:
Information users provide through optional, voluntary submissions. These are voluntary submissions to receive electronic communications such as emails and podcasts, to participate in our online discussion forums, to email a friend, to participate in an online advocacy campaign, to make an online donation, and to purchase a good or service from our online store.
Aggregated tracking information. CFI analyzes visitor demographic and traffic statistics to improve our websites. Under no circumstances does CFI divulge such information about an individual user to a third party.
Personal Data
CFI stores all personal data voluntarily provided by Web site visitors. CFI does not share, sell, or provide this information to third parties.
Credit Card Transactions
Credit card payments online are processed through Blackbaud NetCommunity Spark & CyberSource. Credit card information provided during the ordering process can’t be accessed by CFI. CFI only sees that the transaction has been processed, the amount, the name of the payee, and the web page used to start the donation.
Cookies
We may provide a small data file called a “cookie” which is stored on your computer. This is intended to enhance the browsing experience of Web site visitors. A cookie can’t read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. Certain areas of the CFI Web site utilize cookies to automatically store login information for subsequent visits.  If you are using a public computer or prefer not to receive cookies, you can alter the configuration of your browser to reject cookies.
Questions
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Website, or your dealings with this Web site, please direct your questions by mail to: 3965 Rensch Rd. Amherst, NY 14228. You may also send an email to info@centerforinquiry.org; please reference this Privacy Policy in your subject line.
REASON. SCIENCE.SECULAR VALUES.
LATEST NEWS
Timothy Caulfield Fights the Battle against Bunk on Skeptical Inquirer Presents, Dec. 17
December 7, 2020
A Series of Fortunate Events: Sean B. Carroll on Skeptical Inquirer Presents, Dec. 3
November 25, 2020
Ten New Fellows Elected to Committee for Skeptical Inquiry
November 23, 2020
VIEW ALL NEWS
RECEIVE EMAILS FROM US
SUBSCRIBE
BE A MEMBER
DONATE
LATEST BLOGS
Threaten Everything Holy
December 10, 2020
The Shadows Among(st?) Us
December 9, 2020
Humanity isn’t Ready
December 8, 2020
VIEW ALL BLOGS
Center for Inquiry – Executive Office
1012 14th Street, NW, Suite 205
Washington, DC 20005
Terms · Privacy Statement
Center for Inquiry, Inc © 2020 · All Rights Reserved.
Registered 501(c)(3). EIN: 22-2306795