https://chalicewell.org.uk/privacy-policy/
Chalice Well News Join our mailing list(s) Job Opportunities Become a Companion My Account Companion's NewsWho we areOur website address is: https://chalicewell.org.ukAge RestrictionsIf you are aged 16 or under‚ please get your parent or guardian’s permission beforehand whenever you provide personal information to this website. Users without this consent are not allowed to provide us with personal information.What personal data we collect and why we collect itCommentsWhen visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.An anonymised string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.MediaIf you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.Contact formsInformation provided via the contact forms on our website remains within the site. This information is also forwarded to the relevant member of staff to action, via our email provider.CookiesAs is standard practice, this website uses cookies, which are small pieces of information sent via a website to your computer and stored there to allow that website to recognise you whenever you visit it. Cookies also collect statistical data about your browsing actions and patterns but no personal data is collected with or associated with the statistical data at any time.If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.Embedded content from other websitesArticles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.Who we share your data withThe website is hosted within the EU by SiteGround. This means all data held within the Chalice Well website is securely held by SiteGround. You can read SiteGround’s privacy policy here https://www.siteground.co.uk/privacy.htm.From time to time, we need to allow third party software and plugin developers to access the chalicewell.org.uk site in order to investigate any issues with the site or carry out repairs and maintenance. This helps us keep the site, and your data, secure and ensures all the processes going on behind the scenes continue to provide the functionality required. Their access is strictly temporary and is only permitted in order for them to carry out specific tasks. One of the main companies that provide software for our website, including the software that manages our shop sales, companionships and event sales, are Automattic. You can view their privacy policy here https://automattic.com/privacy.How long we retain your dataIf you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognise and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.What rights you have over your dataIf you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.You are entitled to ask us in writing, by letter or e-mail, what details of yours are being held or processed, for what purpose and to whom they may be or have been disclosed. We may charge a fee to respond to such a request, as there will be associated administrative expenses incurred in doing so. We will respond to your written request within 40 days of receiving it if we determine that no fee is chargeable, or within 40 days of receiving the fee insofar as we have also received your written request. In certain limited circumstances, we are entitled to refuse your request. If you believe that any of your personal details, which we are processing, are inaccurate or incorrect please contact us immediately.Where we send your dataVisitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.Our contact informationChalice Well Trust, 85-89 Chilkwell Street, Glastonbury, Somerset BA6 8DD info@chalicewell.org.uk | +44 (0) 1458 831154
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are OK with this.I'm OK with this.Privacy policy