https://chalicewell.org.uk/terms-conditions/
Chalice Well News Join our mailing list(s) Job Opportunities Become a Companion My Account Companion's News
Chalice Well Trust Terms & Conditions Below you will find the terms and conditions for:Events & Event TicketsAccommodation BookingsLittle St Michael's & Chalice Well Lodge Retreat HousesMeeting RoomPrivate AccessCompanionshipWebsite UseOur Privacy PolicyEvents & Event Tickets All enquiries regarding advertised events at Chalice Well should be made to: +44 (0) 1458 831154, info@chalicewell.org.uk Chalice Well Trust, 85–89 Chilkwell Street, Glastonbury, Somerset, BA6 8DD Contract creation and electronic contractingThe technical steps required to create the contract between you and us are as follows:You place the order for your products on the Website by pressing the confirm order button at the end of the checkout processYou will be guided through the process of placing an order by a series of simple instructions on the WebsiteeTickets are made available for all events and require no deliveryTo redeem these tickets you need to attend the event and show your eTicket as proof of purchaseWhen purchasing eTickets, all customers on one order should arrive together. If purchasing for a group who may arrive at different times you should purchase tickets separatelyOrder acceptance and the completion of the contract between you and us will take place on the despatch to you of electronic ticket by email for the event ticket ordered unless we have notified you that we do not accept your orderAfter placing an order, you will receive an e-mail from us acknowledging that we have received your orderPlease note that this does not mean that your order has been accepted. Your order constitutes an offer to us to buy TicketsNon-acceptance of an order may be a result of one of the following:The event ticket you ordered being unavailableOur inability to obtain authorisation for your paymentThe identification of a pricing or product description errorThe contract will be concluded in English. Your status By placing an order through our site, you warrant that:You are legally capable of entering into binding contracts;You are at least 18 years old Event Details Details of each of our events are displayed within the events pages of our website. Some events only require the payment of garden admission:Where this is the case it will be stated within the event description e.g. Normal Admission AppliesThere is no requirement to purchase garden admission in advance for such events unless otherwise recommended within the event description, or advised by a member of Chalice Well staff Your obligations You represent and warrant that the Tickets are purchased for personal use only, and that they have not been purchased as part of any form of business or commercial activity and in particular, that the Tickets may not be resold or offered for resale by anyone whether at a premium or for any other trade purposes. Resale or the attempted resale of the Tickets is grounds for seizure or cancellation of the ticket without refund or compensation. It is your responsibility:For checking your ticket details, mistakes cannot always be rectified.To ascertain whether an event, performance or activity has been cancelled and the date and/or time rearranged.If the event, performance or activity is cancelled you will be offered eTickets for the rescheduled time and date.We will use reasonable endeavours to inform you of any cancellation.To arrive at the event on time.Every effort will be made to admit latecomers but admission cannot always be guaranteed.To comply with all relevant statues, venue regulations including age restrictions and safety announcements whilst attending the event, performance or activity. The Chalice Well reserves the right to refuse admission if, in its reasonable opinion, your admission to the venue might be a risk to:The safety of the audience and/or yourself;Affect the enjoyment of the member of the audience; and/orAffect the running of the event, performance or activity for example if you act aggressively and/or appear to be under the influence of alcohol and/or drugs. Should this occur you will not be entitled to a refund. Unauthorised use of photographic and recording equipment at any of the events, performances or activities is prohibited and any tapes or films may be destroyed.Laser pens, mobile phones, dogs (except guide and accessibility dogs) may also be prohibited. We, The venue have no responsibility for any personal property.You will consent to the filming and/or sound recording of any event, performance or activity as a member of the audience or event participant. Products and Pricing The price shall be the Recommended Retail Price. The price is inclusive of VAT and any other applicable costs. Each Event Ticket purchased is sold subject to its Product Description which sets out additional Specific Conditions related to that Product including, time and length of the event and included materials. We will take all reasonable care to ensure that all details, descriptions and prices of Events appearing on the Website are correct at the time when the relevant information was entered onto the system. We aim to keep the Website as up to date as possible. Return, Refund and Cancellation PolicyTickets for events and garden admission are non-refundable and non-transferable unless the event is cancelled by Chalice WellRefunds will only be considered if an event is cancelled by the Chalice Well Trust or, in the case of garden admission purchased in advance, if the gardens are closedA cancellation or a no-show by an advertised performer constitutes a cancellation made by Chalice Well TrustRequests for refunds can be made by contacting Chalice Well Trust customer services and refunds, if agreed, will be given within 7 days of the request Event/Garden Admission Booking OnlineThe purchaser will receive confirmation of payment and booking of the event by emailThe purchaser is required to print off the email confirmation and bring this with them to the event/garden as proof of purchase Event/Garden Admission Booking by Telephone/Post The purchaser will receive confirmation of payment by post, in the form of a credit/debit card receipt and/or ticket(s), within 14 days of the date Chalice Well Trust receive the booking request.Accommodation BookingsLittle St Michael's & Chalice Well Lodge Retreat Houses The following Terms and Conditions apply to all bookings made on this website. We kindly ask that you take a moment to read them prior to making a Booking. The Chalice Well Trust enters into this Agreement as principal for Bookings made for the Chalice Well Trust Retreat Houses and Meeting Room. In these Terms and Conditions the following definitions apply:“The Agreement” is your Booking Confirmation and the Terms and Conditions;“Little St. Michael’s”, “Chalice Well Lodge”, “The Meeting Room” are the premises for which your Booking is made;“The Booking(s)” includes accommodation, and any event bookings made;“Subscription” is for Companionship of The Chalice Well Trust.“The Guest(s)” is the person, organisation, or other body responsible for making the Booking; Individuals who wish to stay at Chalice Well Retreat Houses need to become a Companion of Chalice Well in order to do so. Guests may book in advance for accommodation. Rooms are subject to availability and the Chalice Well Trust reserves the right to refuse any Booking for good reason. Guests are required to fully prepay or provide a deposit at the time of the Booking, or, on arrival at The Chalice Well. Upon the acceptance of a booking, the Chalice Well shall require a deposit, which equals the cost of one night’s stay in order to reserve the room. Charges The prices for Accommodation are displayed on the website; VAT (at the current rate) is included. A minimum length of stay, deposit, cancellation charge and other conditions may apply to certain rates, as specified. Payment You will be asked to provide a credit card (or debit card) at the time of the Booking to secure your reservation. Where a deposit or full payment is required in advance; by Booking, you are authorising the debiting of the card provided. We accept the following methods of payment: Credit Cards: MasterCard, Visa Debit Cards: Visa / Delta and Visa / Electron and Maestro. Acceptance of a booking, whether verbally or in writing, followed by the payment of a deposit creates a legally binding agreement between Chalice Well and the person from whom the booking has been accepted. We strongly advise you to take out appropriate insurance to cover any eventuality of cancellation. The number of people occupying a room must not exceed the number stated on the booking form.  Cancellation/Non-Arrival Cancellation or non-arrival will result in the forfeiture of your deposit. Deposits are non-refundable and non-transferrable. The Chalice Well Trust reserves the right to cancel a booking forthwith and without liability on its part in the event of damage or destruction to the Retreat Houses by fire or other causes, any shortage of labour, or any other cause beyond the control of the Trust which shall prevent it from performing its obligations in connection with any booking.  In such an event the Trust will refund the deposit made but will have no further liability to the Companion guest. Any cancellation by us, Chalice Well Trust will result in all monies being returned. In the event of a late cancellation of any booking, the guest shall pay the Chalice Well Trust a cancellation fee. A late cancellation is 7 days or less before the first night’s accommodation.  Chalice Well Trust shall endeavour to re-let the accommodation. Should Chalice Well Trust be unsuccessful in re-letting the accommodation, the cancellation fee shall be equivalent to two-thirds (66%) of the total cost of the accommodation. In event of a non-arrival, the full balance will be payable. If anyone is asked to leave the facilities due to inappropriate behaviour or misconduct of any sort no monies may be refunded. Where the guest gives credit card details to Chalice Well Trust to guarantee a booking then it is agreed between the parties that in the event of a cancellation or non-arrival Chalice Well Trust may either debit the card with the cancellation fee or full amount of the booking unless otherwise agreed by Chalice Well Trust. Payment Full Payment of the balance due for accommodation shall be paid at the time of checking in. Prices All prices for accommodation are stated in pounds sterling and include V.A.T. Arrival and Departure Room occupancy is from 2 pm on the day of arrival. ‘Check-in’ times are between 2 and 5 pm. Access to the Retreat Houses is not guaranteed if arrival is later than these times, as staff may not be available. In the event of expected late arrival Chalice Well Trust offices should be contacted. On the day of departure we kindly ask all guests to vacate their rooms by 10:00 am (unless a later departure is stated as part of your booking). Private Access Please be aware that at certain times throughout the year the Chalice Well may host Private Access between the hours of:8:00 - 10 am and 4:15 pm - 6:15 pm (November - March) and;6:15 pm - 8:15 pm (April - October), which you may feel would be an intrusion on your retreat. Please contact Chalice Well in advance of your stay for further information. If you have a problem In the unlikely event that you have a problem during your stay you must bring it to the attention of a member of the administration staff at the time to ensure that we have an opportunity to rectify the problem during your stay. If you are not satisfied that the issue has been resolved fully, please submit details in writing as soon as possible to The Chalice Well Trust, 85-89 Chilkwell Street, Glastonbury, Somerset BA6 8DD. Jurisdiction The Agreement shall be governed by the laws of England and Wales and the Courts of England and Wales shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute or claim that arises out of or in connection with this Agreement or its subject matter or formation.Meeting Room This self-contained facility can be hired for talks, workshops, and classes of a quiet nature, as it is adjacent to the main Retreat House. It will seat up to 20 individuals in a circle or 30 in theatre style. As with all other areas of The Chalice Well, the Meeting Room is a smoke and mobile phone free environment and is also a ‘no shoe’ zone. Unfortunately this facility is not suitable for wheelchair access. AmenitiesThere is a small ‘kitchen’ area with sink for the preparation of hot drinks. A kettle and/or urn and crockery are provided.The meeting room has its own toilet, situated up a small flight of stairs.The floor is oak boarded with an under-floor heating system.Rugs are available upon request. Please indicate on your booking form whether rugs will be required.Tables, a flip chart stand, a large TV and CD player are also available. GROUP LEADER/HIRER INFORMATION AND RESPONSIBILITIES For the duration of the hire, group leaders/hirers are responsible for:Passing on health and safety information to participants/delegatesProviding the teas/coffee, milk etcThe security of both Chalice Well Trust property and personal items within the Meeting Room. The hirer will be given the keys to the room and the digilock codeEnsuring that the Entrance Gate is closed if you are running events later into the evening to prevent general access to the gardens after closingEnsuring no items are to be fixed to the walls or doorsAny loss or damage resulting from workshop activities, including any damage from candlewaxCleaning away all items at the end of their bookingRubbish bags should be left by the sink and will be collected and replaced daily As Group Leader you have overall responsibility for the safety, behaviour and personal property of your participants or delegates and for the security of relevant areas and property of Chalice Well Trust. Upon arrival, you will be shown into the Meeting Room and briefed on health, safety and fire protocols. Candles We would prefer you not to use candles within the Meeting Room, however, if you wish to do so please ensure that they are placed within suitable containers and are not left unattended. Hire Times The normal hours of use for the Meeting Room are from 9.00 am until 5.00 pm for a single day hire. If you want to hire the room for 2 days or more it may be possible for your workshop to run later by appointment. Groups using the Meeting Room do not have access to the adjacent Retreat House unless it has been booked in conjunction. No elements of your workshop, including group meditation, ritual or ceremony may take place within the grounds. If you wish to hold such an event you will need to apply for Private Access, which is available either before the gardens open or after they close. Chalice Well Grounds Participants/delegates may enjoy the gardens during comfort or lunch breaks and access is via the back door. Those delegates entering the gardens by the main gatehouse will be asked to provide either a Companionship Card or an entrance fee. Late working groups do not have automatic entry to the gardens outside of open hours. Car Parking We can provide one car parking space for the hirer/group leader. All other delegates (unless resident in the Retreat House) must park in the nearby public facilities. Heating System The heating system is complicated. Please ask a member of staff to make any adjustments if you are not comfortable. Payment DetailsDeposits and final balanceA 50% deposit will be required to secure your booking. The balance will be due 3 months before your arrival date. A schedule of payments will be indicated on your booking form.Should payment not be received by the due dates the Trust has the right to cancel your booking and any deposit paid will be forfeit.The final balance must be paid on or before the due date.Cancellation and refundsThe Chalice Well Trust reserves the right to cancel any booking at short notice and will not be held liable for any costs incurred.Deposits/payments once paid are non-refundable or transferable. We strongly advise you to take out insurance against cancellation.Any cancellation by us, the venue, will result in all monies being returned.If a group is asked to leave the facilities due to misconduct no monies may be refunded.Private Access The Chalice Well is a place for tranquility, peace and meditation. Visitors come to the Chalice Well from around the Globe to take the waters and enjoy the harmony of this private place and its sense of sacredness. Private Access to the gardens can be granted for quiet ceremonies such as hand fastings, naming ceremonies, group healings, group meditations etc. It is not for public performance events. If you wish to discuss a performance event, please contact the office. Whilst the Trust considers all applications for Private Access, it is limited to 3 bookings per week. Permission for Private Access is granted on the following conditions:The applicant will be responsible for the conduct of their group, for the payment of all monies owed and for the completion of all relevant paperwork.All activities and arrangements must be agreed at time of booking with the Private Access Coordinator.There must be no interference with the normal access of the Retreat House guests (who will have limited access to the garden during Private Access hours but will be informed of your event and asked to keep a respectful distance) or any operation carried out by members of staff.One car parking space for the applicant can be made available. All other attendees must park in the public car parks in the town.The maximum group number is 50 people (including facilitators/organisers/celebrants), unless otherwise agreed.The drinking of alcohol and smoking are not permitted at any time.No dogs (except certified assistance dogs) or pets.Mobile phones must be turned to Airplane mode and mobile phone calls are not permitted within the gardens.The Chalice Well Trust maintains the right to designate the area of use for Private Access on its grounds.In the event of rain or inclement weather, access to the Meeting Room and other facilities will not be possible. There is a small wooden shelter within the garden, near the Lion’s Head.The Trust is unable to provide the use of marquees/awnings for your event. If you wish to bring your own small gazebo this may be possible by prior arrangement.The Chalice Well Trust accepts no liability for any injury to persons or damage to property arising in any way whilst at Chalice Well and entry is at the risk of the applicant, who will take responsibility for the other members of their group.No use can be made of the Chalice Well Trust name or identifying marks without prior consent.Any breach of these terms and conditions may result in your group being asked to leave the site and the applicant will be required to pay costs of any damage caused.Staff have the right to enter any situation deemed necessary and we reserve the right to cancel any event due to misconduct or inappropriate activity.Cameras for personal use only. Commercial filming, photography or videos by Private Dispensation only. Applications will be considered individually.Fires by arrangement only.Use of the ‘healing pool’ by arrangement only for your own safety. Footwear only to be removed, otherwise full clothing to be worn unless prior agreement has been given.Children must be supervised at all times. In the case of evening access, if a group fails to exit the gardens by the prearranged time (i.e. 8:00pm April – October, or 6:30pm February – March) the Chalice Well Trust reserves the right to charge the applicant an additional half of the total payment for the access, with a minimum charge of £72.00. PaymentAn initial deposit of £72 will be required to confirm your booking. This is the minimum fee payable for Private Access.Fees are payable on a per person basis. Adults are £12.00, Children (aged 5 - 17 years) are £6.Your final balance will be calculated upon receipt of the completed booking form and the final balance will be payable one month before your event date.Should payment not be received by the due dates the Trust has the right to cancel your booking and any deposit paid will be forfeit.The final number of guests must be notified before the final payment due. It may not be possible to refund monies for over-payments due to incorrect information being supplied to the Trust. Cancellation • Any cancellation by us, the venue, will result in all monies being returned, unless the cancellation is due to a breach of the Terms and Conditions as outlined above. • Any cancellation by you, the applicant, will cost the deposit, and one-half of the further amount received. • The Chalice Well Trust reserves the right to cancel any arranged visit at short notice and will not be held liable for any costs incurred. You may wish to take out appropriate insurance. • If a group is asked to leave the grounds due to misconduct no monies may be refunded. Private Access permitted/not permitted activities (these lists are not exhaustive)Permitted ActivitiesQuiet meditation, contemplation and prayerActs of healing, foot washing, blessing with the watersMeaningful and sacred ceremony to mark meaningful ‘life passages’ in accordance with all faiths, paths, traditions and philosophies of goodwill; i.e. baby-naming, handfasting, ceremonies of commitment, memorial services, coming of age, renewal of vowsMeditations of goodwill, peace and planetary healingMindful practices – i.e. walking, yoga, tai chi, art, writingGentle acoustic music, singing and chanting of sacred songs/prayers/chants/blessingsNot Permitted ActivitiesAny activity which is deemed harmful to man, nature or the earthPractices associated with the imposition of will over another being, human or otherActivities which are disproportionately noisy and not in keeping with the quietude of the Well and gardens; i.e. heavy drummingRitual or ceremony involving nudity without prior special permissionCompanionship For customer service regarding Companionship and Companionship payments, please contact: Chalice Well Trust, Chilkwell Street, Glastonbury, Somerset BA6 8DDTelephone +44 (0) 1458 831154Email info@chalicewell.org.uk Price and Payment Information Charges displayed on the Companionship subscription and information area of the website will prevail at all times in relation to Companionship subscriptions taken out online. Charges displayed on paper application forms, or quoted by telephone by Chalice Well Trust staff, will prevail in relationship to Companionship subscriptions placed verbally or by post. You may make online payment for a one-year Companionship subscription, new or renewal, by credit or debit card or Direct Debit. We reserve the right to increase the price of Companionship subscription on an annual basis. You will be informed of any fee increase within your renewal letter. If we discover an error in the payment you have made, then we will inform you as soon as is reasonably possible and adjust the payment accordingly. If you discover an error in the payment you have made, please let us know as soon as possible. If you are not using your own credit/debit card to pay for the membership subscription, you must ask the permission of the credit/debit card holder before entering the payment details. When you offer to subscribe to a Chalice Well Companionship, either online, by post or verbally, you are confirming that you have obtained the prior permission of the credit/debit card holder. Payment of subscription by Direct Debit is not available to Local Concessionary Companions. Local Concessions are defined as applicants on an income so low that it would cause actual financial hardship to pay the regular Companionship fee. The applicant must live within a five mile radius of Chalice Well. They receive the same level of discount as Standard Companions, of up to 10% on most items when they visit our shop (discount is not applicable to food or drink items). Active Supporter Companions may pay annually or monthly by Direct Debit, credit or debit card or cheque and receive 15% discount on some items in our shop. Companionship Benefits Standard Companionship of Chalice Well Trust is available to adults over the age of 17. As a Companion you receive a Companion card, normally valid for one year. If you lose or damage your card, please call into the office or gatehouse. We would appreciate a £2 donation towards the cost of replacement. As a Companion you receive the following benefits:Upon presentation of a valid Companionship card, entry to the gardens free of charge, during normal opening hours:The named adult on the card, and up to two accompanied children up to the age of 17, are admitted freeYou may book a room in our retreat houses with 24 hour access to the gardens. Please see our website for accommodation chargesOur Companions’ Journal ‘The Chalice’ published twice a year, either in the form of hard copy by post, or onlineThe opportunity to join in the weekly Companions’ meditation in Little St Michael’s retreat house, free of chargeFull access to the Companions’ area of the website and past issues of The Chalice from 2006The opportunity to book the Upper Room in Little St Michael's Retreat House, without charge, for up to one hour’s private meditation during a visit to the gardens. Times available are:April-October: 1 & 3 pmNovember -March: 4 pm (The house will be closed for maintenance during the first two weeks of January each year)The option to pay in instalments for Chalice Well Trust retreatsFree entry to our annual summer Companions’ Day event held in the marquee on the lower lawnsUp to 10% discount on some items during visits to our shop. Food and drink is excluded from this discount offerFree entry to some non-ticketed events, when normal admission charges apply, such as our full moon and music evenings, when the gardens are open until 9.30 pmFor new Companions your Companionship pack contains your Companionship card(s), a confirmation letter, a Companionship Information Leaflet, an Events Leaflet and two past issues of the Companions’ journal, The ChaliceFor renewing Companions your Companionship pack contains your Companion card(s), a confirmation letter, a Companionship Information Leaflet and an Events Leaflet Companionship Categories We have different categories of single and joint Standard Companionship e.g. UK and overseas and senior Companions. In addition to Standard Companionship, we also offer Lifetime, Local Concession, and Active Supporter Companionship. You may become a Lifetime Companion online. Lifetime Companions make a single, one-off payment and receive the same benefits as Standard Companionship as detailed above. Please see our website for current subscription rates. It is not possible to become a Local Concessionary Companion online. Please contact the office if you would like us to consider this option. Being a Companion does not entitle you to free entry at ticketed events, nor does it guarantee the availability of tickets to any such events. We reserve the right to change benefits without prior notice for any reason. Online Companionship Applications For online applications where you have supplied your email address, you will either receive an acknowledgement email confirming online payment or an email explaining that your online payment was not successful. Where you receive an acknowledgement that your application has been received and processed, this does not yet mean that the contract between us is formed. A legally binding contract is formed on the date we send your Companionship pack. We normally aim to send out your Companionship pack between one and two weeks of receipt of your online payment.UK mail is sent by second class postage, overseas mail by the lowest cost option by Royal Mail. Once processed and posted, we will assume that you have received your Companionship pack unless we hear from you. Direct Debit payments, for UK bank or building society account holders only, are at a lower rate than payment by cash, credit or debit card. See our website for current charges for all methods of payment. For Direct Debits set up online, your first Direct Debit payment for the current year’s Companionship is normally taken from your account 1-2 weeks from receipt of your application form. Subsequent years’ payments are taken on the date of expiry of your Companion card. When you make a Direct Debit agreement with us, we send you a letter or email each year, one month prior to the payment being taken, confirming the date and amount of your payment. Refunds and Cancellations Policy When you click to submit your application online by credit card payment, or you post, telephone or email us with details of your application, you are making an offer to subscribe to The Chalice Well Trust which, if accepted by us, will result in a legally binding contract. At the point of renewal of your membership, your renewal payment is confirmation of the continued acceptance of this contract. You may not transfer your rights and obligations under these terms and conditions to another person. Under the terms of the Direct Debit Guarantee, you may cancel your Direct Debit agreement with us at any time. If an error is made in the payment of your Direct Debit by Chalice Well Trust or your bank or building society, you are entitled to a full and immediate refund of the amount paid from your bank or building society. If you receive a refund you are not entitled to, you must pay it back when Chalice Well Trust asks you to. Your Companionship, if paid by Direct Debit will automatically renew upon the expiry of your current Companionship card. You will receive a renewal notice normally one month in advance of the expiry of your current Companionship card. It will also contain information about your entitlement to cancel and about any changes to your Direct Debit payment. Any payment agreements that have been made by Direct Debit will automatically continue, unless you notify your bank or building society, and us, that you wish to cancel it. Once renewal of your membership has occurred, it will still be possible to cancel your membership, but we are not obliged to offer a refund if notice has not been given and your Companionship pack has not been returned. The refund policy complies with the EU Distance Selling Directive (2000) and is part of UK law under the Consumer Protection Regulations (2000) that relate to distance selling. The law came into force in the year 2000 and applies to all UK based transactions where the consumer does not meet the vendor. These regulations do not govern contracts between businesses. In accordance with this law, you have a 7-day cooling off period during which you have the right to cancel your purchase and receive a refund. If a welcome pack has been issued this must be returned to us. The cost of postage and packing applicable to the return of the welcome pack will be at your own expense and we will not be accountable for these costs. If you do decide to cancel, please email or write to us and we will refund your payment within 30 days of receipt of your notice of cancellation and your returned Companion card(s) and welcome pack. If you paid by credit or debit card through our website, your refund will be made directly to your credit or debit card within 30 days of your cancellation and your returned Companion card and welcome pack. If you paid by other means then your refund will be made by cheque. This will be posted to you within 30 days of your cancellation. No refunds will be given for Companionships cancelled part-way through the current period of Companionship. We reserve the right not to fulfil, or to cancel, your application if we are unable to obtain payment authorisation from the issuer of your card or from your bank in the case of Direct Debit payments. We will arrange to have delivered, issues of our Companions’ journal ‘The Chalice’ to the address you notified to us when you have made your Companionship application. You agree that Chalice Well Trust will not be responsible for failure to deliver the magazines if you have supplied us with an incorrect address or have failed to notify us of an address change. We reserve the right not to refund your membership if they are returned to us. Our liability to you in the event of magazines being lost in dispatch shall, at our discretion, be limited to replacement of the missing issues. Every effort is made to ensure the accuracy of The Chalice journal, however, neither we nor the authors can accept liability for errors and omissions within the magazines. Your Companion card entitles you to free entry during normal opening hours. Chalice Well is normally open 365 days per year, but if for reasons of health and safety or abnormally severe weather conditions and the gardens were closed at the time of your visit, we reserve the right not to refund your membership. If you are unable for any reason to use your membership at any stage during this time, refunds or extensions cannot be offered in any circumstances. These Terms and Conditions do not and shall not affect your statutory rights as a consumer.Website Terms of Use Acceptance Access to and use of any information on this website is conditional on your acceptance of these conditions without modification. If you do not wish to accept any part of them, you must not use our website. All bookings for the services we offer are also subject to our booking conditions. Access to this website is conditional on your agreement that all information contained in it and all matters which arise between you and us will be governed by English law. Access is further conditional on your agreement that any dispute or matter which arises between you. The Chalice Well Trust may change these terms at any time by posting changes online. Please review these terms regularly to ensure you are aware of any changes made by the Chalice Well Trust. Your continued use of this site after changes are posted constitutes your acceptance of this agreement as modified. You agree to use this site only for lawful purposes, and in a manner which does not infringe the rights, or restrict, or inhibit the use and enjoyment of the site by any third party. Users of our interactive features should also refer to our Contributions section. Copyright Restrictions Commercial use or publication of all or any item displayed is strictly prohibited without prior written permission of the Chalice Well Trust. Nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring any licence by the Chalice Well Trust to use any item displayed. Documents may be copied for personal use only on the condition that copyright and source indications are also copied, no modifications are made and the document is copied entirely. However, some documents and photos have been published on this site with the permission of the relevant copyright owners (who are not the Chalice Well Trust). All rights are reserved on these documents and permission to copy them must be requested from the copyright owners (the sources are indicated within these documents/photographs). Disclaimers and Limitation of Liability Chalicewell.org.uk, including the information, names, images, pictures, logos and icons regarding or relating to the Chalice Well Trust and/or The Chalice Well Bookshop Ltd., its products and services (or to third party products and services), is provided "AS IS" basis without any representations or any kind of warranty made (whether express or implied by law) to the extent permitted by law, including the implied warranties of satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, compatibility, security and accuracy. Chalice Well Trust takes no responsibility for the content of external Internet sites. Other websites that we link to are owned and operated by third parties and Chalice Well Trust has no control over them. The fact that we include links to other websites does not mean that Chalice Well Trust approves of or endorses any other third party website or the content of that website. We accept no liability for any statements, information, products or services that are published on or are accessible through any websites owned or operated by third parties. Under no circumstances will the Chalice Well Trust and/or The Chalice Well Bookshop Ltd. be liable for any of the following losses or damage (whether such losses where foreseen, foreseeable, known or otherwise): (a) loss of data; (b) loss of revenue or anticipated profits; (c) loss of business; (d) loss of opportunity; (e) loss of goodwill or injury to reputation; (f) losses suffered by third parties; or (g) any indirect, consequential, special or exemplary damages arising from the use of chalicewell.org.uk regardless of the form of action. The Chalice Well Trust does not warrant that functions contained in chalicewell.org.uk content will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that chalicewell.org.uk or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or bugs. Intellectual Property The names, images and logos identifying the Chalice Well Trust, The Chalice Well Bookshop Ltd. or third parties and their products and services are subject to copyright, design rights and trade marks of the Chalice Well Trust and/or third parties. Nothing contained in these terms shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel or otherwise any licence or right to use any trademark, patent, design right or copyright of the Chalice Well Trust, or any other third party. Contributions to chalicewell.org.uk Where you are invited to submit any contribution to chalicewell.org.uk (including any text, photographs, graphics, video or audio) you agree, by submitting your contribution, to grant the Chalice Well Trust the right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform, play, make available to the public, and exercise all copyright and publicity rights with respect to your contribution worldwide and/or to incorporate your contribution in other works in any media now known or later developed for the full term of any rights that may exist in your contribution, and in accordance with privacy restrictions set out in the Chalice Well Trust’s privacy policy. If you do not want to grant to the Chalice Well Trust the rights set out above, please do not submit your contribution to chalicewell.org.uk. By submitting your contribution to chalicewell.org.uk, you:Warrant that your contribution:Is your own original work and that you have the right to make it available to the Chalice Well Trust for all the purposes specified above;Is not defamatory; andDoes not infringe any law; andIndemnify the Chalice Well Trust against all legal fees, damages and other expenses that may be incurred by the Chalice Well Trust as a result of your breach of the above warranty; andWaive any moral rights in your contribution for the purposes of its submission to and publication on chalicewell.org.uk and the purposes specified above. Applicable Policy We may alter this policy at any time. If we do so, all subsequent use of this website will be governed by the newer version. We recommend that you review this privacy policy from time to time in order to ensure that you are familiar with the most recent iteration. Your continued use of this website will be deemed acceptance of the updated or amended terms.Privacy PolicyWe do not store customer credit card details nor do we share customer details with any 3rd parties.The Chalice Well Trust is the Data Controller and Data Processor of any personal data you supply.The personal data you supply will be used to process your event purchase.You will receive events communications and from time to time we will let you know about news and promotions and forthcoming events at Chalice Well, if you provide us with your email address.We never pass data to any third party.If you wish to obtain a copy of the personal data held by us, please contact us. You may also be asked to provide proof of your identity.If you believe that any of your personal details, which we are processing, are inaccurate or incorrect please contact us immediately.We will take all reasonable care, in so far as it is in our power to do so, to keep the details of your order and payment secure, but in the absence of negligence on our part we cannot be held liable for any loss you may suffer if a third party procures unauthorised access to any data you provide when accessing or ordering from the Website. Cookies As is standard practice, this website uses cookies, which are small pieces of information sent via a website to your computer and stored there to allow that website to recognise you whenever you visit it. Cookies also collect statistical data about your browsing actions and patterns but no personal data is collected with or associated with the statistical data at any time. Accessing Your Personal Data You are entitled to ask us in writing, by letter or e-mail, what details of yours are being held or processed, for what purpose and to whom they may be or have been disclosed. We may charge a fee to respond to such a request, as there will be associated administrative expenses incurred in doing so. We will respond to your written request within 40 days of receiving it if we determine that no fee is chargeable, or within 40 days of receiving the fee insofar as we have also received your written request. In certain limited circumstances, we are entitled to refuse your request. If you believe that any of your personal details, which we are processing, are inaccurate or incorrect please contact us immediately. Age Restrictions If you are aged 16 or under‚ please get your parent or guardian's permission beforehand whenever you provide personal information to this website. Users without this consent are not allowed to provide us with personal information.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are OK with this.I'm OK with this.Privacy policy