https://chelsea.co.uk/privacy/
Skip to content
Search for:
Privacy & Data Protection
Chelsea Technologies is committed to safeguarding all personal information we collect from individuals in the course of our business.
We have developed this Notice to describe how we handle personal information collected from persons who use the Chelsea website, or who, following an invitation from Chelsea in the course of any marketing and /or event communication processes, such as in person, email, telephone, text messaging, direct mail and online, provide personal information to Chelsea.
Personal information means any information relating to an identified natural person such as name, location, online identifier. Sensitive personal information is a subset of personal information and is generally defined as any information related to racial /ethnic origin, political opinions, religious beliefs, trade union membership, physical or mental health, criminal allegations or convictions, financial and bank account numbers and unique identifiers such as government issued security numbers, driver’s licence, and passport numbers.
When you visit the Chelsea website we collect information about your visit. Our web server automatically records details about your visit (for example the type of browser used, the Chelsea website pages that you visit and the duration of your visit). In addition we collect the personal details which you provide online, for example, when you enter personal details (e.g. name, address, email address, phone number) on a website registration page.
We also collect personal information directly from you in the course of sales or purchasing activities and/or in connection with marketing events, for instance: business cards; personal contact details; emails and other social media.
Legitimate interest – Generally we will only market to individuals who have given unambiguous consent on an informed basis. However, there is flexibility under the concept of “legitimate interest” where we can contact previous customers about our products which we deem to be of relevance without specific marketing consent.
In some circumstances we may also collect personal information about you from third parties, such as your employer, or professional organisations to which you belong, or personal information that you have placed in the public domain, such as from Facebook or LinkedIn.
By providing your personal information as described above, or by proceeding with your visit to Chelsea websites, you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Notice, and you agree to the transfer, storing or processing of your personal information in the manner described in this Notice. If you subsequently wish to withdraw your consent to the collection and handling of your personal information, then you may follow the instructions on any communications you receive from us or contact the Data Compliance Manager at Tel: +44(0)20 8481 9000.
Other websites, which are not operated by Chelsea, reached by links from these sites are not covered by this Notice. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personal information. Please note that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for policies or the use and/or reliance of data appearing on other websites.
Information we collect
We collect and process the following personal information about you:
Information you give us. This is information about you that you give us by filling in forms on our site or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail, text messaging, direct mail, online or otherwise. It also includes information you provide us through electronic or hard copy business cards, for instance, when you fill out: contact forms; content download requests; event registration forms; information request forms and/or when you report a problem with our site.
If you are a job applicant we collect, store and use information you provide on your application form(s) for the purposes of recruitment. The information you give us may include your contact details, job application, curriculum vitae, covering letter and any references provided. It may also include sensitive personal information, for instance, on a disability that is relevant to your interview, for which we will require your explicit consent to collect and retain your personal information.
Cookies
Cookies are small files of letters and numbers. These files are either stored in the memory of your computer or other device such as mobile phones or are placed on the hard drive of your device.
Uses made of the information
Information you give us
We will use this information for:
Contact and communication: We may use your contact information and preferences to send you newsletters, news about any events we are organising or participating in, information about us, the products and/or services that we provide, and/or to respond to any user enquiries.
Provision of services: If specific personal information is necessary to supply a particular service or to perform the contract between us, then this service is only available to those users who provide this information.
Recruitment: We will use the personal information provided on your application form to process your application. The information provided by you will not be stored if you have not been successful. If you are successfully recruited information will be stored on your employee file.
Profiles: We may use full contact details to create a profile of our users. A ‘profile’ is stored information we may keep on individual users that details their viewing preferences. This profile could be  used to tailor a user’s visit to our site, to improve the content of the site for the user and to direct pertinent marketing promotions to them.
Information we collect about you
We will use this information:
to administer our site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
to improve our site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
as part of our efforts to keep our site safe and secure;
to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so;
to make suggestions and provide information to you and other users of our site about us and the products and/or services we provide.
Information we receive from other sources
We will combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you. We will use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the information we receive). We will only collect and handle your personal information in accordance with your contact preferences. You can also subsequently inform us of your contact preferences, including any request to withdraw your consent to the collection and handling of your personal information by contacting:
The Data Compliance Manager
Chelsea Technologies
55 Central Avenue, West Molesey, Surrey KT8 2QZ, UK
E-mail: dataofficer@chelsea.co.uk
Sharing Information
Although we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law, including (without limitation) in order to comply with applicable local laws or judicial proceedings, court orders or any other legal processes. We may also share your details with an agent in your country or other entities within the group of undertakings of which we are a part to assist with your enquiry/product support/purchase or for internal administrative purposes.  When we share personal information, we do so in accordance with data privacy and security requirements.
Storing Information
Personal data will be stored in either hard copy or electronically. We take steps to ensure that information we collect is processed according to this Privacy Notice, the requirements of GDPR and other applicable laws.
Retaining Information
Chelsea may be required to use and retain information for legal and compliance reasons. We may also use personal information to meet our internal and external audit requirements, information security purposes, and as we otherwise believe to be necessary or appropriate such as to enforce a contract. Your data shall not be kept for longer than is necessary.
Data Security
We have physical, electronic and administrative security processes in place in our facilities to protect against the loss, misuse, unauthorized access, or alteration of information. Our company uses secure encryption technology for all sensitive and financial personal information transmitted on our site. Despite this, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure and we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. We do not accept liability for any interception of your personal information that may occur.
Your Rights – Correcting/Updating/Deleting/Deactivating/Accessing Personal Information
If you wish to correct and/or update information or you no longer require our service, you can notify us of this change by contacting us.
You may, where permitted by GDPR, submit a Subject Access Request (“SAR”) to the Data Compliance Manager to check whether we hold your personal information; and/or,
Require us to provide you with a copy of your personal information; and/or,
Require us to correct or delete or restrict the processing of any of your personal information that is inaccurate or that you don’t want us to hold. This request should be made in writing to our contact address.
Other
Emails and other electronic communication with us may be monitored. Calls to us may be recorded for business continuity, quality control, regulatory and/or monitoring purposes.
Changes to our Privacy Notice
We may, from time to time, make changes to our Privacy Notice. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our Privacy Notice.
“GDPR” definition
As from 25 May 2018 onwards, Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (the “General Data Protection Regulation” or “GDPR”) and the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations and any guidance or codes of practice issued by the European Data Protection Board or Information Commissioner (the UK’s independent authority established to uphold information rights) from time to time (all as amended, updated or re-enacted from time to time); and with effect from he date the United Kingdom exits the European Union (“Brexit”) such applicable law of the United Kingdom as has been enacted to provide for Brexit and the transposition into domestic law of the GDPR and/or replacement by new legislation achieving similar or equivalent effects to the GDPR.
Do you have any questions? Please feel free to contact us:
The Data Compliance Manager
Chelsea Technologies
55 Central Avenue
West Molesey
Surrey KT8 2QZ, UK
Tel: +44(0)20 8481 9000
E-mail: Data Compliance Manager
Additional Information:
ICO Certificate
Please email Ellen Keegan for a copy of the Candidate Privacy Policy
May 2020
Breaking News: Chelsea showcases new fluorometers at Oi Connect, 1-4 Dec (virtual exhibition).