http://chukanovenergy.com/privacy-policy/
Home
About
Publications
Books
Articles
Bulgarian
Media
Gallery
YouTUBE Channel
FAQ
Quantum Blog
Contact
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Chukanov Energy, LLC, the owner of chukanovenergy.com (“Site”), its employees, members, independent contractors, and/or its affiliates (collectively, the “Company”) are committed to protecting the personal data they receive from their customers. In order to better protect your privacy we have provided this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) which sets forth the Company’s practices regarding the information that is gathered on this website and the manner in which this information is used. Any user of this site is responsible for periodically reviewing the terms and conditions of the Privacy Policy. The Company reserves the right to modify the Privacy Policy at any time without prior notice and any such changes will apply to all information collected by the Company, including information collected prior to the modification of the Privacy Policy. Any use of the Site constitutes an acceptance of the terms and conditions of the Privacy Policy. The Site may contain links to other websites. The Company is not responsible for the privacy practice or content of other websites; the Privacy Policy only applies to the Site.
What information is collected?
If you make a purchase using the Site and/or agree to take an optional survey (“Transaction”) you will be asked to provide certain personal information. This information may include, but is not limited to, your name, address, age, gender, relationship status, ethnicity, profession, number of children, household income, and favorite recreational activities (“Personal Information”).In order to help you navigate the Site, the Site uses and collects cookies. A cookie is a text file that is stored on a user’s computer for record keeping, navigation, and advertising purposes. The Site will only store session specific cookies, which expire when you close your browser. Additionally, information regarding the amount of time you spent on the Site, your browser type and version, your operating system and platform, the Site pages you viewed, Site access times, your Internet Protocol address, your hyperlink usage, the route you took to access the Site, and other information pertaining to your use of the Site may be collected (“Site Use Information”).
Is information collected from children?
This Site is a general audience site and the Company, does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 without verifiable parental consent. However, due to the nature of the services provided by the Site, personal information may be collected without requiring the user to disclose his or her age. If you are under the age of 13, please do not provide personally identifiable information of any kind whatsoever on the Site. If a child provides us with personally identifiable information, a parent or guardian of that child may contact us by sending an e-mail to info@chukanovenergy.com if they would like this information forwarded to them and/or deleted from our records.
How is the information collected used?
The Company will not sell any of the Personal Information it collects from Site users to third parties. The Company may share Personal Information with third parties solely for the purpose of fulfilling orders you have placed.  The company may use Personal Information to fulfill orders, to provide customer services, to provide you with additional informational material and promotional offers, and analyze customer demographics. In order to tailor the Site to your needs the Company uses cookies and other Site Use Information to assess problems with the Site, direct users to promotions and/or web pages that may be of interest to them, track your Site usage, and for other related purposes. The Company may store information it collects from the Site to create a profile of a user’s preferences (“Profile”). A Profile may link a user’s Personal Information to that user’s Site Use Information and past purchase history and preferences. The Company may link a user’s Personal Information with cookies it collects. The Company may use a Profile for administrative and/or marketing purposes. The Company will not share or sell your Profile to third parties.
The Company may use e-mail addresses and mailing addresses it has collected to provide customers with special offers, new services, promotions, available customer satisfaction surveys, and/or other related information. If you no longer wish to receive such information from the Company via e-mail or U.S. Mail you should send an e-mail to info@chukanovenergy.com and request to be removed from the Company’s mailing and e-mail lists.While the Company takes reasonable steps to safeguard and prevent unauthorized use of your information, the Company is not responsible for the acts or omissions of anyone who gains unauthorized access to your information. The Company makes no warranties, express, implied, or otherwise, that it will prevent unauthorized access of your information.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COMPANY BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES (WHETHER DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL, ECONOMIC, OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF, OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH, A THIRD PARTY’S UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO YOUR INFORMATION, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH DAMAGES ARE BASED ON CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, TORT, OR ANY OTHER THEORY OF LIABILITY, EVEN IF THE COMPANY HAS BEEN GIVEN ACTUAL OR CONSTRUCTIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGES. THE FORGOING DISCLAIMER SHALL APPLY IN INSTANCES OF THE COMPANY’S GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR INTENTIONAL MISCONDUCT.
To the extent required by law, the Company may disclose personally identifiable information to government authorities or third parties, pursuant to a subpoena, legal request, or other legal process.
Does a Site user have a duty to provide accurate information?
In accordance with the Company’s privacy policy the Company requests the user provide certain Personal Information when it takes part in a Transaction on the Site. The user hereby agrees any information he or she provides on the Site will be accurate and that he or she will not submit false or misleading information.
Can I update my Personal Information?
Upon request the Company will provide Site users with an opportunity to view Personal Information collected and stored by the Company. If a user’s Personal Information has changed or is inaccurate the Company will correct that user’s Personal Information upon request. If a user wants to view or correct his or her Personal Information collected and stored by the Company the user should send an e-mail to info@chukanovenergy.com.
Chukanov Energy, LLC, the owner of chukanovenergy.com (“Site”), its employees, members, independent contractors, and/or its affiliates (collectively, the “Company”) are committed to protecting the personal data they receive from their customers. In order to better protect your privacy we have provided this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) which sets forth the Company’s practices regarding the information that is gathered on this website and the manner in which this information is used. Any user of this site is responsible for periodically reviewing the terms and conditions of the Privacy Policy. The Company reserves the right to modify the Privacy Policy at any time without prior notice and any such changes will apply to all information collected by the Company, including information collected prior to the modification of the Privacy Policy. Any use of the Site constitutes an acceptance of the terms and conditions of the Privacy Policy. The Site may contain links to other websites. The Company is not responsible for the privacy practice or content of other websites; the Privacy Policy only applies to the Site.
Contact Us
Use this quick form to contact us.
We'll get back to you right away.
Send Message
Copyright © 2004-2020 - Kiril B. Chukanov.
All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Sitemap