http://clarivate.com/legal/terms-of-use/
close
What we do
Products & Serviceskeyboard_arrow_down
CompuMarkGiving brands the ultimate certainty on trademarks through industry leading content and expertise.CortellisA suite of life science intelligence solutions that accelerate innovation.Darts-ipDarts-ip provides global information and analytics that support IP prosecution and litigation activities.DerwentWorld leading patent intelligence, tools and services that power the innovation lifecycle.MarkMonitorMarkMonitor helps establish and protect the online presence of the world’s leading brands – and the billions who use them.TechstreetOne of the world’s largest collections of industry codes and standards plus powerful tools for standards management.Web of ScienceOrganizing the world’s research information. We make research connect.
Investors
News
Blog
Contact us
Careers
Companykeyboard_arrow_down
Executive LeadershipCustomer DelightSustainabilitySupport
Terms of use
All use of Clarivate Analytics web pages located within www.clarivate.com is subject to the terms and conditions set forth below (“Terms”), provided however that additional terms of use may apply with respect to certain Clarivate websites, as specified on each such website. Any use of such web pages constitutes the user’s agreement to abide by the Terms. We may amend the Terms at any time by posting the amended terms on this site.
Privacy
Please review our Privacy Statement, which also governs your visit to www.clarivate.com, to understand our practices.
Electronic Communications
When you visit www.clarivate.com or send e-mails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. You consent to receive communications from us electronically. We will communicate with you by e-mail or by posting notices on this site. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
Copyright
All content provided on this site is owned by or licensed to Clarivate and/or its affiliates (the “Clarivate Content”) and protected by United States and international copyright laws. Clarivate and its licensors retain all proprietary rights to the Clarivate Content. The Clarivate Content may not be reproduced, transmitted or distributed without the prior written consent of Clarivate. More information can be found in our Copyright Notice.
Trademarks
All logos are trademarks of Clarivate and its affiliated companies. More information about fair use, general use and a list of Clarivate marks can be found in our Trademark Notice.
License and Site Access
Clarivate grants you a limited license to access and make personal use of this site, subject to the Terms. This site and any portion hereof may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, downloaded, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without the express written consent of Clarivate. You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout and form) of Clarivate and/or its affiliates without the express written consent of Clarivate. You may not use any meta tags or any other “hidden text” utilizing Clarivate’s name or Marks without our express written consent. Any unauthorized use terminates the license granted by Clarivate.
Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitations of Liability
THIS SITE IS PROVIDED BY CLARIVATE ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. CLARIVATE MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THIS SITE, OR THE INFORMATION, CONTENT OR MATERIALS INCLUDED ON THIS SITE. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THIS SITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.   Last Updated: December, 2016
Close close
What we do
Blog
Careers
CompuMark™
Giving brands the ultimate certainty on trademarks through industry leading content and expertise.
Cortellis™
A suite of life science intelligence solutions that accelerate innovation.
Derwent™
World leading patent intelligence, tools and services that power the innovation lifecycle.
MarkMonitor™
MarkMonitor helps establish and protect the online presence of the world's leading brands – and the billions who use them.
Techstreet™
One of the world's largest collections of industry codes and standards plus powerful tools for standards management.
Web of Science™
Organizing the world's research information. We make research connect.