http://clu-in.org/privacy/
U.S. EPA Contaminated Site Cleanup Information (CLU-IN)
Search
Technologies
Remediation
Characterization and Monitoring
Contaminants
Arsenic
Chromium VI
Dense Nonaqueous Phase Liquids (DNAPLs)
1,4-Dioxane
Dioxins
Fractured Rock
Mercury
Methyl Tertiary Butyl Ether (MTBE)
Per- and Polyfluoroalkyl Substances (PFASs)
Perchlorate
Persistent Organic Pollutants (POPs)
Polychlorinated Biphenyls (PCBs)
Trichloroethylene (TCE)
Issues
Ecological Land Reuse
Fractured Rock
Global Efforts to Advance Remediation at Contaminated Sites
Green Remediation
High-Resolution Site Characterization (HRSC)
Mining Sites
Sediments
Triad: A Smarter Solution to Site Cleanup
Vapor Intrusion
Wood Treater Sites
Strategies & Initiatives
Federal Remediation Technologies Roundtable
Triad: A Smarter Solution to Site Cleanup
Green Remediation
High-Resolution Site Characterization (HRSC)
Measurement and Monitoring Technologies for the 21st Century (21M2)
Optimizing Site Cleanups
Technical and Technology Support Services
Technology Developer Tools
Market Analysis
Business Planning & Funding
Research & Development
Demonstration & Testing
Permitting & Regulatory Assistance
Commercialization & Contracts
Training & Events
Upcoming Internet Seminars
Archived Internet Seminars & Podcasts
The Training Exchange (Trainex)
Upcoming Courses and Conferences
Additional Resources
Recent Additions
Popular Additions
Upcoming Live Web Events
Archived Internet Seminars & Podcasts
News Feed (RSS)
TechDirect and Newsletters
Upcoming Courses and Conferences
Documents
Videos
Databases
Software and Tools
CLU-IN | About CLU-IN | Disclaimer, Privacy, and Security Notice
Disclaimer, Privacy, and Security Notice
This website is provided as a public service by the Technology Innovation and Field Services Division of the Environmental Protection Agency. It is operated under
contract by Environmental Management Support, Inc.
Information presented on this website is considered public
information and may be distributed or copied. The U.S. Government retains a
nonexclusive, royalty-free license to publish or reproduce these documents, or
allow others to do so, for U.S. Government purposes. These documents may be
freely distributed and used for non-commercial, scientific, and educational
purposes. Commercial use of the documents available from this server may be
protected under U.S. and Foreign Copyright Laws. When individual documents on
this server have different copyright conditions, it will be noted in those
documents.
Links to websites outside the U.S. EPA website and non-EPA documents are for the
convenience of the user. The Standards of Ethical Conduct do not permit the
U.S. EPA to endorse any private sector website, product, or service. The U.S.
EPA does not exercise any editorial control over the information you may find
on these websites and within these documents. These links are being provided
consistent with the intended purpose of this website.
When you come to this website to browse, you do so
anonymously. By default, EPA does not collect personally identifying
information about you. We collect only summary information [see
below] about the numbers of individuals who visit our
website and what those individuals look at. This computer system uses
industry-standard software to create summary statistics, which are used for
assessing what information is of most and least interest, determining technical
design specifications, and identifying system performance or problem areas.
The information above is also collected by Google Analytics on behalf of EPA. Google Analytics uses first-party persistent cookies, which the government classifies as Tier 2 persistent cookies. Tier 2 persistent cookies do not collect any personally identifiable information, but only those metrics listed above. In addition, persistent cookies can identify return visitors to www.clu-in.org by setting a small file in internet Web browsers. Unless you first opt-out (see below), the Google Analytics code used will automatically set a persistent cookie in the browser of the computer you are using to access www.clu-in.org.
Traffic statistics for www.clu-in.org are only reported to us anonymously and in the aggregate, and no information provided by Google Analytics is traceable to any specific individual. We use the information that we automatically collect to measure the number of visitors to the different areas of our sites, and to help us make our pages more useful to visitors. This includes analyzing Web traffic to determine the types of devices and browsers that view web pages most often and the level of demand for specific pages and topics of interest.
You can opt-out by changing the cookie settings in your browser. See instructions on how to disable cookies in some of the most popular Web browsers. Google also provides an Opt-Out Browser Add-on for newer browsers. Opting-out will not prevent you from obtaining information from this website.
For more information about the federal government's use of persistent cookies, please refer to the Office of Management and Budget's (OMB) Memo Guidance for the Online Use of Web Measurement and Customization Technologies (PDF).
Where identifying information is asked of you (such as to respond to an
information request) that information is provided voluntarily by you. It is used only for the stated
purpose and is not made available for other purposes. By providing this information voluntarily, you are consenting to its collection for the stated purpose. See our notice of use and Privacy Impact Assessment (175KB/11pp)
for more details.
Unauthorized access to or unauthorized use of this website is subject to criminal, civil, administrative, or other lawful action. For site security and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, the U.S. Government may for any lawful government purpose, without notice, monitor, intercept, search, and seize any authorized or unauthorized communication to or from this website or information used or stored on this website at any time. Any communications or information used, transmitted, or stored on this website may be used or disclosed for any lawful government purpose, including but not limited to, administrative purposes, penetration testing, communication security monitoring, personnel misconduct measures, law enforcement, and counterintelligence inquiries.
No additional attempts are made to identify individual users
or their usage habits.
If you have any questions or comments about the information
presented here, or would like to view all personally identifiable information that
is in your name and currently stored in support of this website for review and possible correction, please contact us through our
Comments Page. You may also contact the EPA Privacy Hotline at 202-566-1668
or privacy@epa.gov.
Example of Information Collected for Statistical Purposes
Below is an example of the information collected based on a standard website request:
2017-11-28 00:01:37 W3SVC3
GET /ecotools/default.cfm - 443 - 202.46.48.195 - HTTP/1.1
Mozilla/5.0+(Windows+NT+10.0;+WOW64)+AppleWebKit/537.36+(KHTML,+like+Gecko)+Chrome/45.0.2454.93+Safari/537.36
JSESSIONID=DC30E0A1AF2031F4D7F8F370112DFCDF.cfusion;
clu-in.org 200 0 0 39135 278 670
2017-11-28 00:01:37
The date and time of the request.
W3SVC3
The site name designated internally by the server for
logging purposes. It informs the server that this particular request came
through a website located on this server.
GET /ecotools/default.cfm
The location of the requested file.
443
The port used to complete the request.
202.46.48.195
The IP address associated with the requestor
(you as the visitor). Depending on the requestor's method of network
connection, the IP address may or may not identify a specific
computer. Connections via many Internet Service Providers assign different IP
addresses for each session, so the host name identifies only the ISP. The IP
address will identify a specific computer if that computer has a
fixed IP address.
HTTP/1.1
The protocol used to complete the request.
Mozilla/5.0+(Windows+NT+10.0;+WOW64)+AppleWebKit/537.36+(KHTML,+like+Gecko)+Chrome/45.0.2454.93+Safari/537.36
Identifies the type of browser software used to access the
page, which indicates what design parameters to use in constructing the
pages.
Windows+NT+10.0
Identifies the operating system used to access the page,
which indicates what design parameters to use in constructing the pages.
JSESSIONID=DC30E0A1AF2031F4D7F8F370112DFCDF.cfusion;
Identifies the session cookie being used by the server. This web
site uses cookies to more accurately log both visits to the site and pages
visitors view while on the website. The use of cookies enables us to improve
our site based on how users navigate the site, as well as the length of their
visits. These cookies are automatically deleted at the end of your session. EPA also permits the use of persistent cookies for the collection of Web metrics; however, CLU-IN does not collect any personally identifiable information about visitors to our Web pages unless it is specifically and knowingly provided by you as part of a voluntary submission.
clu-in.org
Identifies the page which the user came from before visiting this page.
200
The status code. 200 means the request was filled.
39135
The size of the requested file in bytes.
278
The size of the request from the requestor's browser in bytes.
670
The time required to complete the request in
milliseconds.
Requests for other types of documents use similar information. No other user-identifying information is collected.
Contact Us
Site Map
Site Tour
http://clu-in.org/privacy/
Last updated on Wednesday, April 17, 2019
Disclaimer, Privacy, and Security Notice |
Site Map |
About CLU-IN | Contact Us
Sponsored by the
U.S. EPA Office of Superfund Remediation and Technology Innovation