http://cofc.edu/policies/privacypolicy/
Skip to Main Content
MyCharleston
Library
Directory
A-Z Index
Emergency Info
Explore
Apply
Give
Search COFC website
Admission and Financial Aid
Admission
Freshmen
Transfer Students
Readmitted Students
International Students
Honors College
Veteran and Military Students
Graduate School
Non-degree Programs
Costs & Aid
Tuition and Fees
Financial Aid
Scholarships
Net Price Calculator
Additional Resources
Campus Visits
Course Catalog
Virtual Tour
Majors & Minors
Housing & Dining
Open Houses
Treasurer's Office
Explore the College
Schedule a visit. You'll get why this is a hot school.
About
College Information
College at a Glance
Campus Tours
Campus Maps
Visit the Campus
Guides and Rankings
Publications
History and Traditions
Employment Opportunities
Administration
Board of Trustees
Office of the President
Academic Affairs
Business Affairs
Institutional Advancement
Student Affairs
University Marketing
News & Information
Newsroom
Campus Calendar
Academic Calendar
Media Relations
Additional Resources
Libraries
Human Resources
Institutional Diversity
Institutional Research
Policies and Procedures
Career Development
Welcome to the "New" Charleston
A top 10 fastest-growing city for software and Internet technology, an emerging hub for aerospace, and a hotbed for healthcare and biosciences.
Academics
› Majors and Minors
› Colleges & Schools
› Graduate School
› Honors College
› Centers & Institutes
Academic Resources
Course Catalogs/Classes
First-Year Experience
Maymester/Summer Sessions
Study Abroad
Internships
Undergraduate Research
Libraries
SC Space Grant Consortium
SC-GIS Lab
Support Services
Academic Advising
College Bookstore
Career Center
Center for Student Learning
Disability Services
Registrar's Office
International Education
Make Your Mark
Be curious. Explore. Question. Challenge the status quo. Try the unfamiliar as well as the tried and true  – and your academic experience will pay big dividends.
Campus Life
Extracurricular
Clubs and Organizations
Sports Clubs
Recreational Sports
Arts and Culture
Center for Civic Engagement
Higdon Student Leadership Center
Around Charleston
Greek Life
Campus Housing
Stern Student Center
Fitness Programs
Outdoor Adventure
CisternYard Media
Residence Life
Support Services
Academic Advising
Career Center
Center for Cultural Diversity
Center for Disability Services
Office of Equal Opportunity Programs
Center for Student Learning
Counseling Center
Multicultural Student Programs
Public Safety
Student Health Services
Victim Services
The Good Life
Take advantage of everything the College has to offer. Use your imagination. Move outside your comfort zone. Look at every new experience as an opportunity. And have fun!
Athletics
› Cougars Athletics Website
› Ticket Sales
› Cougar Club
› Colonial Athletic Association
Men's Teams
Baseball
Basketball
Cross Country
Golf
Soccer
Tennis
Women's Teams
Basketball
Cross Country
Equestrian
Golf
Sailing
Sand Volleyball
Soccer
Softball
Tennis
Track and Field
Volleyball
Co-ed Teams
Cheerleading
Dance Team
Sailing
Fan Favorites
Our 19 varsity sports teams continue to pursue greatness. Be a part of the excitement and power that is CofC athletics.
Alumni
› Alumni Home
› Alumni Career Center
› College of Charleston Magazine
› Career Development
Giving to the College
Give Now!
Ways to Give
Corporations and Foundations
The Foundation
Cougar Club
Alumni Engagement
Calendar of Events
Alumni Chapters
Alumni Directory
Spring Alumni Weekend
Fall Alumni Weekend
Alumni Services
Alumni Benefits
Alumni Career Services
MyCofC Online Community
Once a Cougar, always a Cougar.
Be an active part of the Cougar network. Lifelong connections start with the Alumni Association.
PoliciesPrivacy PolicyPeer-To-Peer File Sharing Policy
VISIT VIRTUAL VISITOR CENTER
Apply to the College
College Home / Policies / Privacy Policy
Privacy Notice
Overview
The College of Charleston (“the College”) takes the privacy of its users seriously. This notice describes how we collect and use information that is obtained during use of the www.cofc.edu website (“Site”).
NOTE: Consistent with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA), this Site is not directed to children under 13 years of age, and the College does not knowingly collect any personal information from those under 13 years of age. Younger visitors should check with parents or guardians before entering information on any website, and we encourage households to discuss the online sharing of personal information.
Information We Gather
We automatically collect certain non-personal information from you when you visit the Site to gather metrics on Site usage, including user geographic location, pathways navigated through the Site, device and browser-related information, and which portion of users is internal to our network. The information we collect is not linked to anything that identifies you as an individual. Your session will be tracked, but you will remain anonymous as a user.
Cookies
We also may use “cookies” to enhance user experience. A user’s Web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping and sometimes to track information about them. Users may choose to set their Web browser to refuse cookies or to alert them when cookies are being sent. If you do so, please note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
Information You May Provide
We may also collect other information, upon request, for users to take full advantage of our services. For example, to register for a visit or to request information from us, we may ask users to supply contact information and/or online identifiers. We only collect this information if voluntarily submitted. Users can decline to supply requested information, although doing so may prevent them from engaging in Site activities.
How We Use Your Information
We use gathered information to: track user trends and Site usage with the goal of improving user experience and optimizing our Site; administer the Site and prevent abuse; and provide College services to our users.
With Whom We Share Your Information
Information we gather may be shared internally with campus constituents and employees (as part of their job duties) to improve College programs, outreach and initiatives. Metrics also may be shared with vendors to improve communications related to these activities. However, we will not sell data to third-parties for their use in direct marketing, advertising or promotion of their products and services.
South Carolina Data Privacy and Access
As a public agency, collected information also may be subject to disclosure under the South Carolina Freedom of Information Act. However, this law includes some exemptions that allow us to withhold certain personal information from disclosure to protect individual privacy. We also may be required to disclose user data without consent and/or notice by law or legal process, such as a subpoena, court order or search warrant.
The College complies with the Family Privacy Protection Act of 2002, which prohibits use of any personal information obtained from a state agency for commercial solicitation purposes. Knowing violations of this prohibition amount to a misdemeanor and carry penalties specified in S.C. Code § 30-2-50(D).
Security
Due to the rapidly evolving nature of information technologies, no transmission of data over the Internet can be guaranteed to be completely secure. While we are committed to protecting the privacy of our visitors, we cannot guarantee the security of any information that you transmit to the Site, and you do so at your own risk. However, once collected, we will use appropriate safeguards consistent with prevailing industry standards and commensurate with the sensitivity of the data to maintain the security and integrity of that information on our systems and in our physical facilities.  We also comply with all applicable federal, state and local laws regarding the privacy and security of visitor information.
Links to Other Sites
Our Site may link to other sites outside of the College. Once you leave our Site, you are subject to the privacy policy for any site you visit. The College is not responsible for the contents of any linked site, and a link does not constitute an endorsement as to the security of that site.
Privacy Notice Changes
We may change this privacy notice by posting the changes on our Site. By using our Site, you accept the terms of this notice, as amended. If you do not agree, please do not use our Site.
Special Notice for EU Residents
If you are located within the European Economic Area (European Union, Norway, Liechtenstein, and Iceland), we acknowledge the rights and exemptions provided for under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). You may contact us to review, update, correct, or request the deletion of the personal information that you provided through our Site or with other GDPR-related requests.
Contact Information
If you have questions about our privacy notice, practices or policies, please contact: privacy@cofc.edu.
Last modified on
January 16, 2020
by
bergstroma