http://cognet.mit.edu/privacy-statement
Skip to main content
Books
Journals
Reference Works
Topics
Privacy Statement
CogNet Privacy Policy
We have created this privacy statement to explain our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website and to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. This statement applies to all information solicited or gathered on the following site: http://cognet.mit.edu/
This site contains links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Our site's registration form requires users to give us contact information (such as their name, address and email address). We use this information to send hard copy materials which individual users have purchased. The email address may also be used to contact the user about new or upgraded services, or content which might be of specific interest to that person. Users may opt-out of receiving emails; see the choice/opt-out section below.
Each time you visit http://cognet.mit.edu, we keep a record of the following information:
the IP address you connect from
the list of pages you visit
the time each page is visited
the page from which you were referred to the current page
the user agent (browser) used
We use this information to help diagnose problems with our server and to gather broad demographic information with which to improve the administration of our site.
This site uses both permanent and transient cookies for the purposes of access control and to help monitor frequency of visits.
This site contains an order form through which users may request information, products, and services. Contact information from the order form is used to deliver the orders and to contact the user concerning the status of the order. Users may opt-out of receiving emails; see the choice/opt-out section below.
Where financial information is collected, this information is used to check the validity of the individual's order, and then bill for products and services.
No personal information (email address, home address etc) obtained from users will be sold or shared for commercial purposes.
Choice/Opt Out
MIT CogNetTM users may opt-out of receiving communications from us at the point where we request personally identifiable information about the user.
Contact: cognet@mit.edu to be removed from our email list. If you are using a email forwarding service or other similar service please make sure to include the correct email address or addresses.
Contact Us
The MIT Press is firmly committed to preserving the electronic privacy of all CogNet users in the CogNet environment. This privacy statement is a core element of our broader legal statement, contained in the Terms of Membership for CogNet. We encourage everyone to read this document carefully, and if you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact us.
USOne Rogers StreetCambridge, MA 02142-1209
UKSuite 2, 1 Duchess StreetLondon, W1W 6AN, UK
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
FAQ
CogNet is a part of the Idea Commons, the customized community and publishingplatform from the MIT Press