http://corporate.hollisinnovations.com/privacy/
Home
Company Home
Sites
Tropical Atlantic
Hollis Pictures
Other Areas
About
About Us
Contact Us
Contact Us By E-mail
Privacy Policy
Hollis Innovations, LLC has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for Hollis Innovations, LLC, all operating divisions of Hollis Innovations, LLC and all sites in our network.
Information Automatically Logged
Hollis Innovations, LLC uses many methods to protect its users. One of these is automatically logging your IP address in certain areas. This measure is taken for security issues and other administrative purposes. This information will not be sold under any circumstance.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file that stores information from a website on your computer. Cookies can help deliver content specific to your interests, to save your password so you don't have to reenter it each time you visit our site, and for other helpful purposes. A cookie is stored in a file on a users computer, but does not allow our site to access the files on your computer. The information from the cookie is read when you visit a section of our site that calls the cookie. The cookie does not hurt your computer, but does take up a small amount of space. If you ever need to free up space on your computer, you can delete your cookies.
Advertisers
Hollis Innovations, LLC allows advertising on some areas of its network. We only use text based advertising from Google's AdSense program. You can view Google's privacy policy here.
Registration Forms
Our site's registration forms require users to give us contact information (like your name, e-mail, and postal address), unique identifiers (like your IP address), and demographic information (like your zip code).
Contact information from the registration forms on our site are used to communicate with the user in the future. The users contact information is stored in a directory outside of our networks web space. The customer's contact information is never shared with anyone outside of Hollis Innovations, LLC. We will never sell the information, even in the event of bankruptcy or dissolution.
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the subscribed services section near the bottom of this page.
Unique identifiers (like your IP address) are collected from web site visitors to verify the user's location and identity if necessary. If a user violates our terms of service, these unique identifiers may be used to ban the user from the network, or to face prosecution.
Demographic and profile data may also be collected at our site. We use this data to tailor our visitor's experience at our site, showing them content that we think they might be interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences. It will never be shared with anyone outside of Hollis Innovations, LLC. We will never sell the information, even anonymously.
Order Forms
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect contact information (like your e-mail address), unique identifiers (like your IP address), and demographic information (like your zip code).
Contact information from order forms might be used to ship purchases, contact the user in the future if there is a problem with the order, or create an account that will allow you to access your ordered products and/or services in the future.
Credit card transactions are done by PayPal. We do not have access to your credit card number. We are only given enough information to ship your order if it is a tangible product. To see PayPal's privacy policy, click here.
Polls and Surveys
Users may have the ability to participate in surveys. Taking surveys is optional. Children 12 or under may not participate in a survey that reveals personal information. If a survey asks a question about how you would rate a page on a scale of 1 to 10, a child may answer that question, since no personal information is requested. Anyone can also participate in polls, since they will not ask about any personal information.
External Links
Hollis Innovations, LLC links to many websites on the internet. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these websites. We do try to monitor sites as best we can. Sites that we link you to are reviewed so that they are appropriate for most ages. We try to review our links as often as possible, but we also ask that if you find any inappropriate material on any website that we link you to please e-mail us immediately and we will remove the site immediately. Even though the policies of the websites we may link you to do not allow inappropriate content, they, along with us, cannot monitor all of their member modified or created web pages. That is why we usually do not link to member web pages.
Public Forums
Any information that is disclosed in a public forum becomes public information, so you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose personal information. Children are prohibited in participating in these types of forums. At this time we do not have any public forums on our sites. However, our web services division is involved in maintaining public forums on client sites and creates forum software for other sites. Our client sites are covered by their own privacy policies so our privacy policy does not cover these or any other site that may use our software.
Children's Guidelines
We care about children's privacy and understand that they have special privacy needs. Therefore, we have adopted the following privacy policy regarding children:
We will not knowingly collect or use any personally identifiable information without prior verifiable parental consent for children 12 or under. Since we do not have the ability to get prior verifiable parental consent for children 12 or under, we will make every attempt to disallow children 12 or under from registering for any service on our network.
A child may have access to services that would give the child the ability to publicly post, or otherwise distribute personally identifiable information without prior verifiable parental consent. We will remove any information that we find posted by a child. We cannot prevent a child from posting information. Please inform your child of the dangers of revealing too much information on the web.
We will not entice a child to divulge more information than is needed to participate in any activity, game, or service that is acceptable for a child to participate in.
We encourage children to get their parent's permission before sharing personal information online anywhere outside of our network.
Subscribed Services
If you have signed sign up for any mailing list, promotion, or marketing information through Hollis Innovations, LLC, please know that you may cancel any of these services at any time. Visit Hollis Innovations, LLC online at http://www.hollisinnovations.com/ to unsubscribe from any mailing list that you have signed up for at Hollis Innovations, LLC. You may also contact us here. Just state what you would like to be unsubscribed from or quit being a part of in the message you send us. We will promptly complete your request and notify you upon the completion of that request.
Data Modification
If at any time you need to modify data in any account at Hollis Innovations, LLC, you can do that yourself by logging into your account. In some cases we may be able to do it for you. You can visit the specific area of Hollis Innovations, LLC in which you have an account and choose to edit your information.
Contacting our Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of our network, or your dealings with our network, you can contact Hollis Innovations, LLC here.
Other Privacy Statements
The following is a list of the online privacy policies of some of the sites that we use for certain services.
PayPal - Payment Processing Service
Google - Text Based Advertising
Other Site Policies
Please review our other policies below:
Terms of Service
Legal Agreements
Updated 11/23/2020
Copyright © 2020 Hollis Innovations, LLC. All rights reserved. | Privacy Policy | Terms Of Service | Legal Agreement