http://costperformance.org/privacy/index.htm
Home
What's New?
TechnologyScreening Matrix
Cost & PerformanceCase Studies
Decision Support Matrix
Environmental Cost Engineering
RemediationOptimization
FRTR Meetings
Current Publications
Agency Program Links
Abbreviations & Acronyms
Glossary
Archives
Site Map
Search
Comments
Disclaimer, Privacy, and Security Notice
This World Wide Web (WWW) site is provided as a public service by the Technology
Innovation Program of the Environmental Protection Agency. It is operated under
contract by Environmental Management Support, Inc.
Information presented on this WWW site is considered public
information and may be distributed or copied. The U.S. Government retains a
nonexclusive, royalty-free license to publish or reproduce these documents, or
allow others to do so, for U.S. Government purposes. These documents may be
freely distributed and used for non-commercial, scientific, and educational
purposes. Commercial use of the documents available from this server may be
protected under U.S. and Foreign Copyright Laws. When individual documents on
this server have different copyright conditions, it will be noted in those
documents.
Links to Web sites outside the U.S. EPA Web site and non-EPA documents are for the
convenience of the user. The Standards of Ethical Conduct do not permit the
U.S. EPA to endorse any private sector Web site, product, or service. The U.S.
EPA does not exercise any editorial control over the information you may find
on these web sites and within these documents. These links are being provided
consistent with the intended purpose of this Web site.
When you come to this web site to browse, you do so
anonymously. By default, EPA does not collect personally identifying
information about you. We collect only summary information [see
below] about the numbers of individuals who visit our
web site and what those individuals look at. This computer system uses
industry-standard software to create summary statistics, which are used for
assessing what information is of most and least interest, determining technical
design specifications, and identifying system performance or problem areas.
Where identifying information is asked of you (such as to respond to an information request) that information is provided voluntarily by you. It is used only for the stated purpose and is not made available for other purposes. By providing this information voluntarily, you are consenting to its collection for the stated purpose. See our notice of use and
Privacy Impact Assessment (175KB/11pp/PDF) for more details.
Unauthorized access to or unauthorized use of this website is subject to criminal, civil, administrative, or other lawful action. For site security and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, the U.S. Government may for any lawful government purpose, without notice, monitor, intercept, search, and seize any authorized or unauthorized communication to or from this website or information used or stored on this website at any time. Any communications or information used, transmitted, or stored on this website may be used or disclosed for any lawful government purpose, including but not limited to, administrative purposes, penetration testing, communication security monitoring, personnel misconduct measures, law enforcement, and counterintelligence inquiries.
No additional attempts are made to identify individual users
or their usage habits.
If you have any questions or comments about the information
presented here, or would like to view all personally identifiable information that
is in your name and currently stored in support of this web site, please contact us
through our Comments Page.
Example of Information Collected for Statistical Purposes
Below is an example of the information collected based on a standard request for a World Wide Web document:
1999-06-08 10:32:39 134.146.8.33 - W3SVC5
GET /products/costperf/default.htm - 200 22927 5204 80 HTTP/1.0
Mozilla/3.0+(Win95;+I)
+ASPSESSIONIDGQGGGRPQ=KFEOCAAALPCEDBMNJGLNMGJL
http://clu-in.org/remdtext.htm#descriptions
1999-06-08 10:32:39
The date and time of the request.
134.146.8.33 (or yyy.zzz.com)
The IP address (or host name) associated with the requestor
(you as the visitor). Depending on the requestor's method of network
connection, the IP address (or host name) may or may not identify a specific
computer. Connections via many Internet Service Providers assign different IP
addresses for each session, so the host name identifies only the ISP. The IP
address (or host name) will identify a specific computer if that computer has a
fixed IP address.
W3SVC5
The site name designated internally by the server for
logging purposes. It informs the server that this particular request came
through a web site located on this server.
GET /products/costperf/default.htm
The location of the requested file.
200
The status code. 200 means the request was filled.
22927
The size of the requested file in bytes.
5204
The time required to complete the request in
milliseconds.
80 HTTP/1.0
The port and protocol used to complete the request.
Mozilla/3.0
Identifies the type of browser software used to access the
page, which indicates what design parameters to use in constructing the
pages.
(Win95;+I)
Identifies the operating system used to access the page,
which indicates what design parameters to use in constructing the pages.
+ASPSESSIONIDGQGGGRPQ=KFEOCAAALPCEDBMNJGLNMGJL
Identifies the session cookie being used by the server. This web
site uses cookies to more accurately log both visits to the site and pages
visitors view while on the web site. The use of cookies enables us to improve
our site based on how users navigate the site, as well as the length of their
visits. These cookies are automatically deleted at the end of your session.
http://clu-in.org/remdtext.htm#descriptions
Identifies the page which the user came from before visiting this page.
Requests for other types of documents use similar information. No other user-identifying information is collected.
Home ||
What's New? ||
Technology Screening Matrix ||
Cost & Performance Case Studies
Decision Support Matrix ||
Environmental Cost Engineering ||
Remediation Optimization ||
FRTR Meetings
Current Publications ||
Agency Program Links ||
Abbreviations & Acronyms ||
Glossary ||
Archives
Site Map ||
Search ||
Comments ||
Disclaimer, Privacy, and Security Notice
URL: