https://crfusa.com/privacy-policy/
Search for:
COVID-19 Response
Paycheck Protection Program
COVID-19 Support
About CRF, USA
About Overview
Our Mission
Our Story
Our People
Our Approach
Our Approach Overview
Changes We Seek
How We Work
Our Impact
Success Stories
Business Lending
Business Lending Overview
Apply Now
Referral Partnerships
Small Business Loans
Solutions
Solutions Overview
Capital Solutions
Community Solutions
Loan Servicing Solutions
Technology Solutions
Support Us
Support Overview
Make a Donation
For Financial Institutions
For Foundations
Blog
Contact
Careers
Manage My Account
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Nondiscrimination Notice
COMMUNITY REINVESTMENT FUND, INC.
PRIVACY POLICY
Last Updated: October 8, 2018
This Privacy Policy explains how information about you is collected, used and disclosed by Community Reinvestment Fund, Inc. and our subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, “CRF,” “we” or “us”) when you access or use our websites (the “Sites”).
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of this policy, and in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to the homepages of our Sites or sending you an email notification). We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you access our Sites to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.
Collection of Information
Information You Provide to Us
We collect information you provide directly to us. For example, we collect information when you register for an account, subscribe to our newsletter or blog, fill out a form or application, request support or participate in any of the interactive areas of our Sites. The types of information we may collect include your name, company name, email address, postal address, phone number, information about a particular borrower or project, prior loan history, financial information (which may include tax returns, financial statements and banking information), demographic and employment information and any other information you choose to provide.
Information We Collect Automatically When You Use the Sites
When you access or use our Sites, we automatically collect information about you, including:
Log Information:  We log information about your use of the Sites, including the type of browser you use, access times, pages viewed, your IP address, the page you visited before navigating to our Sites and search terms used on our Sites’ internal search engines.
Information Collected by Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies:  We use various technologies to collect information, and this may include sending cookies to your computer or mobile device.  Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in device memory that help us to improve our Sites and your experience, see which areas and features of our Sites are popular and count visits.  We may also collect information using web beacons (also known as “tracking pixels”).  Web beacons are electronic images that may be used in our Sites or emails and help deliver cookies, count visits, understand usage and campaign effectiveness and determine whether an email has been opened and acted upon.  For more information about cookies, and how to disable them, please see “Your Choices” below.
Information We Collect From Other Sources
We may also obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect through our Sites. For example, if you use our Sites to make a donation, we will receive limited information about you from the third party that processes your payment, including but not limited to your name, address, email address and donation amount. We will not, however, receive any information about the payment card you use to make the donation.
Use of Information
We may use information about you for various purposes, including to:
Operate, maintain and improve our Sites;
Provide the products, services and information you request;
Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages;
Respond to your comments, questions and requests and provide support;
Communicate with you about products, services and events offered by CRF and others and provide news and information we think will be of interest to you;
Monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with our Sites;
Personalize and improve the Sites and provide content or features that match your profile or interests;
Link or combine with information we get from others to help understand your needs and provide you with better service; and
Carry out any other purpose for which the information was collected.
CRF is based in the United States and the information we collect is governed by U.S. law. By accessing or using the Sites or otherwise providing information to us, you consent to the processing and transfer of information in and to the U.S. and other countries.
Sharing of Information
We may share information about you as follows or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy:
With vendors, consultants and other service providers who need access to such information to carry out work on our behalf;
With community development partners and other entities who work with us to fund loans;
With other users when you participate in the interactive areas of our Sites, such as our blog;
In response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with any applicable law, regulation or legal process, or as otherwise required by any applicable law, rule or regulation;
If we believe your actions are inconsistent with applicable CRF agreements or policies, or to protect the rights, property and safety of CRF or others;
In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company; and
With your consent or at your direction.
We may also share aggregated or de-identified information, which cannot reasonably be used to identify you.
Social Sharing Features
The Sites may offer social sharing features and other integrated tools (such as the Facebook “Like” button), which let you share actions you take on our Sites with other media, and vice versa. The use of such features enables the sharing of information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the entity that provides the social sharing feature. For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing features, please visit the privacy policies of the entities that provide these features.
Analytics Services Provided by Others
We may allow others to provide analytics services on our behalf. These entities may use cookies, web beacons and other technologies to collect information about your use of the Sites, including your IP address, web browser, pages viewed, time spent on pages, links clicked and conversion information. This information may be used by CRF to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver content targeted to your interests and better understand your online activity.
Security
We take reasonable measures to help protect information about you from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
Your Choices
Account Information
You may request that we update, correct or delete information about you at any time emailing us at crfusa@crfusa.com, but note that we may retain certain information as required by law or for legitimate business purposes. We may also retain cached or archived copies of information about you for a certain period of time.
Cookies
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies. Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of our Sites.
Promotional Communications
You may opt out of receiving promotional emails from CRF by following the instructions in those emails or by emailing us at crfusa@crfusa.com. If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional communications, such as those about your account.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
Community Reinvestment Fund, USA
801 Nicollet Mall, Suite 1700W
Minneapolis, MN 55402
Phone: 612-338-3050
Fax: 612-338-3236
crfusa@crfusa.com
SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER FOR THE LATEST INDUSTRY NEWS
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Your Email Address:
Share This Page
Community Reinvestment Fund, USA
801 Nicollet Mall, Suite 1700 West
Minneapolis, Minnesota 55402
Tel. 800.475.3050
General Fax: 612.338.3236
Loan Servicing Fax: 612.359.6185
Registered 501(c)(3). EIN: 41-1616861
NMLS ID: 310577
AZ Mortgage Banker License ID: BK-1000774
Licensed by the Department of Business Oversight under the California Residential Mortgage Lending Act and the California Finance Lenders Law
About Community Reinvestment Fund, USA
Our Mission
Our Story
Our People
Careers
Our Approach
Changes We Seek
How We Work
Our Impact
Success Stories
Business Lending
Small Business Loans
Referral Partnerships
Apply Now
Solutions
Community Solutions
Technology Solutions
Capital Solutions
Loan Servicing Solutions
Support Us
Make a Donation
For Financial Institutions
For Foundations
Blog
Contact
Careers
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Nondiscrimination Notice
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube
Founded in 1988, Community Reinvestment Fund, USA (CRF) is a national non-profit organization with a mission to empower people to improve their lives and strengthen their communities through innovative financial solutions. A leading Community Development Financial Institution (CDFI), CRF supports mission-driven organizations, increases economic mobility, and builds strong local economies through the development of solutions aimed at creating an equitable financial system. CRF has injected more than $3 billion to stimulate job creation and economic development and support community facilities.
Technology Solutions developed by CRF:
© 2020 Community Reinvestment Fund, USA. All rights reserved.
Community Reinvestment Fund, USA is an equal opportunity lender, provider, and employer.
Website Design by MVP Marketing + Design