https://crossriverpartnership.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
This is the Privacy Policy of Cross River Partnership (CRP).
CRP are data controllers and processors of your information under the conditions of the Data Protection Act 2018. The 2018 Act replaces the 1998 Data Protection Act from May 25 2018.
This Privacy Policy will explain how our organization uses the personal data we collect from you when you use our main CRP website (in addition to CRP owned micro-sites – CRP Clean Air Villages Directory, Clean Air Route Finder, Click.Collect.CleanAir, and DeliverLondon). The main CRP website contains links to other websites not listed above. Our Privacy Policy applies only to the ones listed above, so if you click on a link to another website, you should read their privacy policy.
This Privacy Policy will also explain how we use personal data collected via any online surveys, feedback and event registration forms using third party websites such as Eventbrite, SurveyMonkey, and Mailchimp.
CRP is committed to the privacy of all its website users, however CRP can give no warranty as to the accuracy of the information on it’s own websites and accepts no liability for any loss, damage or inconvenience caused as a result of reliance on such information. It cannot accept responsibility for content on related sites.
How do we collect your data?
You directly provide CRP with most of the data we collect. We collect data and process data via the following methods:
Newsletters
CRP collects different types of data, including personal data, to ensure we can communicate to our supporters about our work effectively. At CRP we respect the trust that our supporters place in us when obtaining their data, and we ensure that all information is protected.
If you sign up, and opt in, to the CRP newsletter through the online form on the CRP website, your data will be processed through Mailchimp. For more information on how this data is stored, please visit Mailchimp’s privacy policy.
We aim to collect the least amount of information possible in order for us to create content that is tailored to you and continually improve our project delivery. Information that is collected includes your name, email address, organisation if applicable, and we may occasionally ask where you heard about us. We will never sell this data, nor share it without your consent.
We gather specific data analytics from newsletter campaigns – such as how many people open our emails, and what links they click on, to understand what content is popular, and allow us to tailor our content to what our supporters would like to read.
You have the right at any time to stop CRP from contacting you for the purposes as mentioned above.
Surveys, feedback and registration forms
Occasionally as part of CRP projects we will conduct surveys and feedback forms to gain information about how we can progress and improve our sustainability services across London. CRP regularly uses the online survey website, SurveyMonkey, to gather and process data for these circumstances. For more information on how this data is stored, please visit SurveyMonkey’s privacy policy.
For CRP hosted events, we will always gather attendee registration information to understand who is attending, from which sectors, and how they interact with the event. CRP regularly uses the event management website, Eventbrite, to gather and process data for these circumstances. For more information about how this data is stored, please visit Eventbrite’s privacy policy.
As with the newsletter, we aim to collect the least amount of information possible for surveys, feedback and registration forms, and format data collection to be anonymous by default where possible. The types of data CRP collects for surveys, forms and registrations can differ, but can include your name, email address, organisation if applicable, as well as specific information pertaining to the respective theme of the survey, feedback, or registration form. CRP will never sell personal data within these formats and will not share any personal details without your consent.
Cookies
Cookies are small bits of text that are downloaded when you visit a website. Your computer stores these cookies in a file located inside your web browser. The purpose of cookies is to help the website keep track of your visits and activity.
CRP uses Google Analytics to keep track of popular webpages on our website, as well as spot anomalies and pages not working, all to help improve the visitor experience when visitors use our website.
This process involves Cookies, however these types of ‘analytics cookies’ don’t collect information that identifies a visitor and so is anonymous.
You can delete and avoid the use of cookies through your browser settings.
For further information, visit www.allaboutcookies.org
How do we store your data?
CRP will only hold personal information on our systems (online servers managed by Westminster City Council) for as long as it is necessary for the activity that is being supported, for example – signing up to an event, our newsletter, or as a supplier on our CRP Clean Air Villages Directory. Once an appropriate time period has expired after the end of a campaign, event, project, online tool etc. and the data is no longer required, we will delete your data by permanently removing it from our systems. A secure, anonymised record containing no personal information may be retained for research and analytical purposes.
You have the right for any of your personal information to be deleted. If we receive a request for this, we will action your request in a transparent way.
Security
We take great care to protect any personal information we obtain by taking steps to ensure data access is restricted to only those who need it in the CRP team. Our employees complete mandatory training in data protection, cyber security, and GDPR regulations, delivered by CRP’s accountable body, Westminster City Council. Data is never shared unless consent has been granted to do so.
Even with our stringent security practises, no transmission of online data can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Whilst we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information which you disclose to us online and you must understand that you do so at your own risk.
Your data protection rights
By sharing your consent preferences, and using our sites, you consent to the collection and use of information by CRP in accordance with our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our sites.
CRP would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights. Every user is entitled to the following:
The right to access – You have the right to request from CRP copies of your personal data.
The right to rectification – You have the right to request that CRP correct any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request CRP to complete the information you believe is incomplete.
The right to erasure – You have the right to request that CRP erase your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to restrict processing – You have the right to request that CRP restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to object to processing – You have the right to object to CRP’s processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to data portability – You have the right to request that CRP transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.
If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
CRP keeps its Privacy Policy under regular review and places any updates on this web page. When we make significant changes we will communicate with our supporters to tell them what has changed. This Privacy Policy was last updated on 02/07/2020
How to contact us
If you have any questions about CRP’s Privacy Policy, the data we hold on you, or you would like to exercise one of your data protection rights, please do not hesitate to contact us.
Email us at: crp@crossriverpartnership.org
Call us: 07966 201695
©2020 Cross River Partnership
London Web Design Red Giant
We use cookies to personalise content, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services. OkPrivacy policy