https://crystalascension.com/terms-of-use/
Terms Of Use
Show Search FiltersHide FiltersMy Cart
Have Questions?
Send us an email and we will be in touch with you asap.
Name*
First
Last
Email*
Email
Confirm Email
PhoneQuestions/Comments
And now, for a
brief (but necessary) foray into the wonderful and exciting world of CYA
Legalspeak …
The following are
terms of a legal agreement between you and Crystal Ascension.  By
accessing, browsing, and/or using this site (“Site”), you acknowledge that you
have read, understood, and agree to be bound by these terms and to comply with
all applicable laws and regulations, including U.S. export and re-export
control laws and regulations.
Representation Disclaimer:  Crystal Ascension makes no representation that materials in the Site are appropriate or available
for any particular purpose or legally accessible from any particular
location and access to them from territories where their contents are
illegal is prohibited.  The use and browsing of this Site, or any links contained therein, is strictly at the User’s risk.  Crystal Ascension has not reviewed all of the sites linked to the Site and is not responsible for the contents of any off-site pages or any other sites linked to the Site.  The publication of links to third-party sites does not constitute an endorsement of those sites by Crystal Ascension.  No responsibility is taken and no guarantees given, warranties or representations, implied or otherwise, for the content or accuracy of these third-party sites. Copyright Protection Policy:  The copyright on all material provided on this Site, including all images, is held by Crystal Ascension or by the original creator of the material.  All copyright rights to purchased and non-purchased artwork are retained by the original creator of the
material.  None of the material may be copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, displayed, posted or transmitted in any form or by any means, including, but not limited to, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the prior written permission of Crystal Ascension or the copyright owner; provided, however, that permission is granted to display, copy, distribute and download the materials on this Site for personal, non-commercial use only provided the materials are not modified and all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the materials are retained.  This permission terminates automatically upon the breach of any of these terms or conditions at which time any downloaded and/or materials printed from the Site must be immediately destroyed.  Trademark Protection Policy:  The trademarks, service marks, and logos (the “Trademarks”) used and displayed on this Site are registered and unregistered Trademarks of Crystal Ascension and
others.  Nothing on this Site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any
Trademark displayed on the Site, without the written permission of the Trademark owner.  The name “Crystal Ascension” or the Crystal
Ascension logo may not be used in any way, including in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of materials on this Site, without
prior, written permission.  Crystal Ascension prohibits use of the Crystal Ascension logo as a “hot” link to any Crystal Ascension site unless establishment of such a link is approved in advance by Crystal
Ascension in writing. Warranty Disclaimer:  The materials on this site are provided “as is” without warranties of any kind either express or implied.  To the fullest extent possible pursuant to the applicable law, Crystal Ascension disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or other violation of rights.  Crystal Ascension does not warrant or make any representations regarding the use, validity, accuracy, or reliability of, or the results of the use of, or otherwise respecting, the materials on this site or any sites linked to this site. Liability Disclaimer:  Under no circumstances, including, but not limited to, negligence, shall Crystal Ascension be liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages, including, but not limited to, loss of data or profit, arising out of the use, or the inability to use, the materials on this site, even if Crystal Ascension or a Crystal Ascension authorized representative has been advised of the possibility of such damages.  Crystal Ascension also assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable for, any damages to, or viruses that may infect, computer equipment or other property on account of access to, use of, or browsing in the site or downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video, or audio from the site. Privacy Policy:  Please click HERE to read the Crystal Ascension Privacy Policy. Posting or transmitting to or from this Site any
unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, scandalous,
inflammatory, pornographic, or profane material, or any other material that could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under the law is strictly prohibited. Crystal Ascension does not sell products for purchase by persons under 18 years of age.  If you are under 18 years of age, you may purchase from Crystal Ascension only with involvement of a parent or legal guardian. Terms of Use Revision Policy:  Crystal Ascension may at any time revise these Terms of Use by updating this posting.  By using this Site, you agree to be bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to determine the then current Terms of Use to which you are bound.  Any claim relating to, and the use of, this Site and the materials contained herein is governed by the laws of the State of California. Weights and Measures Policy:  Crystal Ascension provides approximate values for the weight or size of the items for sale on this Site.  Items are measured to the nearest 1/8 of an inch, and then mathematically converted to centimeters for display.  Items are weighed to the nearest ounce (for large items) or half-ounce (for smaller items), and then mathematically converted to grams for display.  If you need to know the EXACT size of an item (to the nearest 0.01 ounces or 0.01 inches), please let us know and we will provide you with this information.  If you are looking for an item of an EXACT size,
please let us know in advance and we will work with you to find what you are looking for. Shipping, Handling, and Terms of
Sale:  Please click HERE to read the Crystal Ascension Shipping, Handling, and Terms of Sale policy.
See?  We
told you that would be wonderful and exciting!
Contact Us
Name*
First
Last
Email*
Email
Confirm Email
PhoneQuestions/Comments
Close
Search for:
Search