https://crystalascension.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is: https://crystalascension.com.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Web forms
We will collect contact information on various web forms throughout our site, including the contact page, checkout page and account creation page.
This information is used strictly for means of communication, shipping and other service related means of providing a top notch customer experience.
We will never use this information to contact you unnecessarily, and will never share it with any other parties.
Cookies
If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
We utilize Google Analytics to track visitor statistics on our website.
This could include the type of device you use to access our site, the location where you accessed it from (based on the ISP you utilize), the browser which you accessed the site from, and the means by which you arrived on the website.
These statistic are otherwise completely anonymous, and not tied to your personal information in any way.
How long we retain your data
For users that register on our website (if any), we store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Additional information
How we protect your data
All data sent across our website uses SSL encryption to securely pass to our servers.
Financial data is passed to our third party payment gateways that have industry standard encryption and security; your payment and financial data is never stored locally on our servers.
We abide by all rules and regulations demanded by our payment gateway vendors.
Contact Us
Name*
First
Last
Email*
Email
Confirm Email
PhoneQuestions/Comments
Close
Search for:
Search