https://ctnofa.org/the-agricultural-justice-project-needs-your-help-today/
Blog
Your support is needed more than ever! Donate today!
Making Farms Centers of Justice and Fairness https://www.agriculturaljusticeproject.org/en/donate/
The COVID -19 crisis has exposed minor cracks and deep craters in the US food supply chain, food security, and local food systems reliance, and resiliency. Farmers and farmworkers are “essential,” yet there is no requirement or financial support to provide them with masks, protective care, paid leave if they get sick, and safe, transportation, and housing with room for social distancing. Farms that adopt AJP Food Justice Certification have health and safety plans with training for all employees that are verified by third-party certifiers and farm operators with fair farm work policies. Since 1999, farmer and farmworker advocacy organizations; the Northeast Organic Farming Association (NOFA), the Farm Worker Support Committee (CATA), and the Rural Advancement Foundation International USA (RAFI-USA) have been working together to keep the flame of fairness alive in the domestic food system, to empower workers and farmers, build capacity, educate the public, and create lasting partnerships across sectors. The not-for-profit organization, the Agricultural Justice Project, agriculturaljusticeproject.org emerged from this collaborative effort. A major part of our work is the creation and management of the Food Justice Certified (FJC) program, which allows consumers to connect with organic farms and food businesses that engage in high bar fair labor and trade practices, and sets this high bar against which other claims of fairness must measure themselves. AJP also offers farm operators cost-share for applying to be AJP Certified through our social fund.
Please make a difference today and donate to AJP! As a member of the large and diverse NOFA community across 7 states, your donation today will help where it is needed most, on the farm. Continue our dedicated efforts and accomplishments, please go to: https://www.agriculturaljusticeproject.org/en/donate/ And thank you for donating any amount!
August 25, 2020/by Jeremy Pelletier
https://ctnofa.org/wp/wp-content/uploads/2020/08/ajp.png
179
186
Jeremy Pelletier
https://ctnofa.org/wp/wp-content/uploads/2020/02/CT-NOFA-master-logo_transparent-300x125.png
Jeremy Pelletier2020-08-25 16:46:492020-08-25 16:46:49The Agricultural Justice Project Needs Your Help Today!
Follow us on FacebookInstagram Follow Me!
Contact UsCT NOFA: The Northeast Organic Farming Association of Connecticut
Phone: (203) 408-6819
ctnofa@ctnofa.org Follow us on Facebook
Seeding Sanctuary: CT NOFA’s Ecotype Project Pollinator Garden at the Catherine...
Fall Plant Sales Orders Due Sept 2nd (Wilton High School) and Sept 17th (Aspetuck...
Scroll to top
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.OK×Cookie and Privacy Settings
How we use cookies
We may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website.
Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change some of your preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
Essential Website Cookies
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refuseing them will have impact how our site functions. You always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. But this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site.
We fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. You are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. If you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain.
We provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. Due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. You can check these in your browser security settings.
Check to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. We need 2 cookies to store this setting. Otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab.
Click to enable/disable essential site cookies.
Other external services
We also use different external services like Google Webfonts, Google Maps, and external Video providers. Since these providers may collect personal data like your IP address we allow you to block them here. Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. Changes will take effect once you reload the page.
Google Webfont Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Webfonts.
Google Map Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Maps.
Google reCaptcha Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google reCaptcha.
Vimeo and Youtube video embeds:
Click to enable/disable video embeds.
Privacy Policy
You can read about our cookies and privacy settings in detail on our Privacy Policy Page.
Privacy Policy
Accept settingsHide notification only