https://dani-analitica.com/privacy-policy/
Log In
Register
Privacy Policy
DANI instruments Privacy NoticeThis Privacy Notice describes how we collect, use and share information about you and how you can manage your privacy preferences. By visiting this website or using our services, you consent to the practices and terms of this privacy policy.
Who We Are:We are DANI Analitica and this Privacy Notice applies to our website http://dani-analitica.com and other our websites and digital contents that link to or refer to this Privacy Notice.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT:Personal data means any information that can be used to identify as an individual person directly or indirectly. We collect Personal Data about you when you use our Services, including:
DATA PROVIDED BY YOU:
Data you enter on our website or give to us in another way:When you register to our website we collect:Contact information (name, email address, country, mailing address if provided).Employment related information such as department, job title and business contact information if provided)Account information such as account name and passwordproduct interest information, including products and areas of interest
When you purchase a product or service from us, we collect:purchase information, including order details and other transaction information
When you submit a job application to us, we collect:employment application information, including contact information, employment and education history, and other information you include in your CV/resume or application materials
When you fill out a survey, we collect your response
DATA WE AUTOMATICALLY COLLECTWe use technologies to collect data automatically when you use our Services that do not directly reveal your identity. Examples of these technologies include the following:Logging: Like most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes IP address, approximate location, browser type, operating system, internet service provider, the pages visited, operating system, clickstream data and time and date of visit.Cookies, Analytics and Other Data Collection Tools: our website uses non-identifying tracking technologies, such as cookies. Your website browser software can be set to reject all cookies; however, cookies can allow you to take advantage of some of the site’s features.
DATA WE OBTAIN FROM OTHER SOURCESWe collect information about individuals from third party sources.
Business Partners and Service Providers: Our business partners and service providers, such as payment processors and analytics providers, collect Personal Data and share some or all of this information with us. For example, we receive Personal Data from vendors to identify potential employment candidates, to coordinate events and programs, to facilitate survey activities, to identify prospective customers and to conduct marketing and analytics.
Information Collected Offline.
HOW WE USE PERSONAL DATA
We use the Personal Data that we collect to provide you the products and services you request, offer you other of our products and services, manage your account, process and evaluate job applications, communicate with you, develop new products and services, improve our products, business and services, and understand our customers. For example, we use Personal Data that we collect to:Provide you with the products and services requested by youProcess and complete your transactions including, as applicable, order confirmation, registration for our programs or events, product selection assistance, and delivering products, programs, events, or servicesCarry out our contractual obligations to youCommunicate with you about programs, products, or services we believe may be of interest to youTailor our products and services to you and your computer or mobile devicePrevent, investigate, or provide notice of fraud, unlawful or criminal activity, or as otherwise required by lawEnforce our Terms of Use and other agreements
Under European data protection laws, DANI Analitica must have a legal basis to process your Personal Data. The legal basis that applies in an instance will depend on for which specific purposes described above we are processing your data:
DANI Instruments may ask for your consent to collect and process your Personal Data. Should you choose to provide your consent, you may later withdraw your consent by contacting us as described in the “How to Contact Us” section. Please note that the withdrawal of consent will not affect processing which has already occurred.
In some cases, the processing of your Personal Data may be necessary in order to comply with an applicable law or regulation or for the performance of a contract to which you are subject. You may not be able to opt-out of this processing, or your choice to opt-out may impact our ability to perform a contractual obligation otherwise owed to you.
In other cases, DANI Analitica may process your Personal Data based on legitimate interests of DANI in communicating with you about our products and services, and about scientific research and educational opportunities. You have the right to opt-out of all such processing of your Personal Data by contacting us as described in the “How to Contact Us” section.
Processing operations may include the recording, organization, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction of Personal Data. The Personal Data we collect about you may be stored for five years following the most recent interaction we have had with you, after which point it will be archived only for so long as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out above, in accordance with applicable laws.
HOW WE SHARE AND DISCLOSE PERSONAL DATA
DANI Instruments does not sell or disclose your Personal Data to third parties without your consent, except:
We share Personal Data in the following ways.
Within DANI: We share Personal Data within DANI Instruments for purposes and uses that are consistent with this Privacy Notice. For example, sharing Personal Data about you to process and fulfill your order, facilitate communication between you and a local Waters representative, and coordinate necessary data retention.
Website and e-mailing Providers: We use multiple web hosting providers to host our Services. In connection with providing those Services, our web and mobile app hosting providers have access to Personal Data about you collected through the relevant Service and may use the information consistent with the terms of its privacy notice.
Other companies : we can share your Personal Data to another company in connection with the sale or transfer of one of our product lines or divisions, which includes the services provided through one or more of DANI Analitica affiliates.
Legal Process, Safety and Terms Enforcement: We may disclose Personal Data to governmental regulatory authorities in response to their requests for such information or to assist in investigations. We may also disclose Personal Data to third parties in connection with claims, disputes or litigation, when otherwise required by law, or if we determine its disclosure is necessary to protect the health and safety of you or us, to protect against fraud or credit risk, or to enforce our legal rights or contractual commitments that you have made.
Business Transfers: We may disclose Personal Data as part of a corporate business transaction, such as a merger, acquisition, joint venture, or financing or sale of company assets, and may transfer Personal Data to a third party as one of the business assets in such a transaction. It may also be disclosed in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership. You will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on any affected Service of any change in ownership or uses of Personal Data, as well as any choices you may have regarding Personal Data about you.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACYOur Services are not directed to, and we do not intend to, or knowingly, collect or solicit Personal Data online from children under the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18, do not provide us with any Personal Data either directly, on any website forums, or by other means. If a child under 18 has provided Personal Data to us, we encourage the child’s parent or guardian to contact us to request that we remove the information from our systems.
SECURITY OF PERSONAL DATAWe have put in place physical, electronic and managerial procedures intended to protect Personal Data. Of course, we cannot guarantee that interactions with the Services will not be unlawfully intercepted or that your personal data will not be unlawfully accessed by third parties. You can also take additional measures to protect yourself and your information, such as keeping confidential log-in credentials and passwords.
HOW TO UPDATE YOUR INFORMATION AND DATA RETENTIONYou may contact us to update information we have about you by sending an email to: dpo@dani-instruments.com . We will retain Personal Data for as long as necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Notice (for example, if you have an account, for as long as your account is active or as reasonably useful for commercial purposes).
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITESSome of our Services contain links to websites and digital services operated by third parties. This Privacy Notice does not apply to these websites.
Our Services also include features like buttons and widgets hosted by other companies (for example, the Facebook “Like Page” button). Some of these features collect Personal Data or other information such as IP address and your actions on our Services. This Privacy Notice does not apply to the practices of these third parties. We encourage you to review the privacy notices of those third parties to learn about their personal data and privacy practices.
UPDATES TO THE PRIVACY NOTICEThis Privacy Notice will be revised as required. If we make any changes in the way we use Personal Data, we will post notice of the changes on our Services. The updated notice will be effective as of the Effective Date listed at the start of this Notice. You can determine when this Notice was last revised by checking the Last Updated date at the start of the Notice.
MANAGING COMMUNICATION PREFERENCESIf you have opted in to our marketing communications (or where permitted by law, if you have provided us or we have obtained your contact information), we may send you email messages, direct mail offers, push notifications or other communications regarding products or services depending on the method of communication selected. You may ask us not to do so when you access our Services, or change your preferences by updating any accounts you have with us. At any time, you may elect to discontinue receiving commercial messages from us by following the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email you received from DANI or by submitting an opt-out request to dpo@dani-instruments.com
Emails: To opt out of receiving marketing communications via email, please click on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email that was sent to you or submit an opt-out request to dpo@dani-instrument.com . Please note that you may continue to receive certain transactional or account-related electronic messages from us.
SECURITYDANI Analitica maintains controls to protect and secure Personal Data, but when you share Personal Data online there is always some risk that an unauthorized third party could gain access to your information.
HOW TO CONTACT USYou have the right to see and get a copy of Personal Data about you that we maintain as well as to ask us to make corrections to inaccurate or incomplete Personal Data about you. You may have the right to receive data you have provided to us . You may also request the erasure of your Personal Data or the restriction of its processing, or object to the processing of Personal Data about you. To seek access to Personal Data about you, to file a concern, complaint, or request for correction, or to opt-out of particular programs, please contact our office by emailing us at dpo@dani-instruments.com
You may also send a letter to the following address:DANI Analitica srlviale Brianza 8720093 Cologno MonzeseMilanoItaly
DANI Instruments Online Privacy Policy
EFFECTIVE MAY 25, 2018
This Online Privacy Notice (“Privacy Policy”) explains how we handle the Personal Data provided to us on websites, mobile sites, and other digital services and products controlled by DANI Analitica, that link to this Privacy Policy
DANI Instruments is the data controller for the processing of Personal Data under applicable law.
This Privacy Notice does not apply to DANI Analitica Sites that do not link to this Privacy Policy or to third-party Web sites to which DANI Analitica Sites may link.
TYPES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT ONLINEThe types of Personal Data that we may collect while you use the DANI Analitica website ( http://dani-analitica.com ) are described in this section and include both information that you provide to us and information that we collect automatically when you use our website.
For purposes of this Privacy Notice, “Personal Data” means information that identifies you or that could reasonably be used to identify you as a person. Examples of Personal Data include name, address, telephone number, and email address.
INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE
You do not have to register for a service or program to read the information available on our website. However, some of our content is available only to registered or identified users and will require you to set up a profile or provide specific information about yourself in order to provide you the service.
Personal Data You Provide When Visiting DANI Analitica websiteDANI Instruments collects Personal Data that you provide on DANI Analitica website, for example, when purchasing a product, to receive marketing products and information, contact DANI Analitica customer service, or respond to our surveys. This could include:
Contact information such as your name, address, phone number, or email address
Registration information such as your username and password
Employment, education, CV and other background information when you inquire about employment with DANI Instruments
Payment information (such as banking information, payment card number, expiration date, delivery address, and billing address) when you purchase our products and services
Content you may provide (for example, when you complete our Online Contact Form or submit other information)
Personal Data You Share During Other Interactions with DANI AnaliticaYou may contact DANI Analitica to ask questions, discuss your concerns, or report issues regarding our products. If you communicate with or request information from us, you may be prompted to provide your contact information as well as any Personal Data that is relevant to your request.
Information That May Be Collected AutomaticallyWhen you use the DANI Instruments website, we also may collect certain usage and device information automatically as described below.
IP AddressWe may record the Internet Protocol (“IP”) address of your computer or other electronic device when you visit the DANI Instruments site. An IP address identifies the electronic device you use to access the Sites, which allows us to maintain communication with your computer as you move about website and to customize content.
Cookies and Other Tracking TechnologiesWe also collect information about your use of DANI Analitica website through tracking technologies such as cookies. A “cookie” is a unique numeric code that is transferred to your computer to track your interests and preferences and to recognize you as a return visitor.
We utilize Google Analytics to better understand and improve our marketing campaigns and Site content.
To learn more about cookies and other tracking technologies, including how to disable them, please visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/. Please note that some cookies are essential to the functioning of our Sites and deleting or disabling them will reduce the site’s functionality.
Mobile Tracking
DANI Analitica website is available as mobile site that you can use on your mobile device. If you use a mobile device to access and use the DANI Instruments website, we may collect the following mobile-specific information in addition to the other information described above: device, device type, hardware type, media access control (“MAC”) address, international mobile equipment identity (“IMEI”), the version of your mobile operating system, the platform used to access or download the website (e.g., Apple, Google, Amazon, Windows), location information and usage information about your device and your use of tour website.
How We Use Your Information
We use your Personal Data to provide you the product and services you request, communicate with you, improve your experience on the DANI Analitica website, generally improve our products and services and for other internal business purposes. These uses may also include the recording, organization, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction of Personal Data. The Personal Data we collect about you may be stored as long as it is required for the purposes identified when you provided the information for such specific purposes or for any new purposes identified by us and consented to by you, and for any appropriate time thereafter including a sufficient time to permit you to ask any questions regarding its use, after which point it will be archived only for so long as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out above, in accordance with applicable laws.
Providing Product and Services You Request
If you choose to purchase a product or receive our services, we use the Personal Data that you provide through DANI Analitica website to manage your orders and invoices, to process payments, to respond to your questions, provide you the services you request and offer an optimal customer experience.
Marketing
You may also receive marketing information from DANI Analitica, such as offers regarding our products or services, invitations to participate in surveys about our products, or notifications about special promotions. In such cases, we will use your contact and other Personal Data to send you marketing information.
Customized User Experiences
The Personal Data that you provide may be used to create customized offers, information, or services tailored to your interests and preferences. Also, we may use your IP address and the data that we obtain automatically through the use of cookies or similar tracking technologies to make our DANI Analitica site easier to use and navigate as well as to personalize the content provided on DANI Analitica.
Business and Product Improvement
In order to discover new facts that could help DANI Analitica  better understand customer needs and help improve, develop, and evaluate product, services, materials, and programs. DANI Analitica analyzes the information that you have provided. For these purposes DANI Analitica does not use information that can directly identify you.
Site Analytics and Improvement
We may use the information that you provide and the information we collect automatically about your use of our website to monitor user traffic patterns and preferences for site improvement, analytics and optimization.
Legal Basis for Processing
Under European data protection laws, DANI Analitica must have a legal basis to process your Personal Data. The legal basis that applies in an instance will depend on for which of the specific purposes described above DANI Analitica is processing your Personal Data:
DANI Instruments may ask for your consent to collect and process your Personal Data. Should you choose to provide your consent, you may later withdraw your consent by contacting us as described in the “How to Contact Us” section. Please note that the withdrawal of consent will not affect processing which has already occurred.
In some cases, the processing of your Personal Data may be necessary in order to comply with an applicable law or regulation or for the performance of a contract to which you are subject. You may not be able to opt-out of this processing, or your choice to opt-out may impact our ability to perform a contractual obligation otherwise owed to you.
In other cases, DANI Analitica may process your Personal Data based on legitimate interests of DANI in communicating with you about our products and services, and about scientific research and educational opportunities. You have the right to opt-out of all such processing of your Personal Data by contacting us as described in the “How to Contact Us” section.
Information We Share
We do not sell or rent Personal Data to third parties for their own marketing purposes. We only share your Personal Data with third parties as described below.
Third-Party Advertising and Online Behavioral Advertising
You may be provided with online advertisements of DANI Analitica products and services on third-party websites and mobile services that are tailored to you, for example, on the basis of information that you provide to DANI Analitica or a third-party website you are visiting, or of your browsing activity, purchases, or interests. These types of tailored online advertisements may come through several sources, such as the following:
We may share with our advertising service providers your non-identifying information that we have obtained from cookies and other tracking technologies on our website.
Some Web browsers may transmit “do-not-track” signals to Web sites with which the browser communicates. As of the Effective Date of this Privacy Notice, an industry standard has not yet been established on how to respond to these signals. Therefore, DANI Analitica does not currently respond to these signals.
Affiliates, Vendors and Suppliers
We have relationships with suppliers and affiliated companies, who help us operate our business and for whom it may be necessary to have access to your Personal Data in the course of providing services to DANI Analitica. We will not authorize these parties to use your Personal Data for any purpose that is not related to SCIEX and its related affiliates business operation. We may also share your Personal Data with affiliates to offer and provide information about affiliate products and services. We do not share Personal Data from countries that require consent, unless consent has been obtained in advance to sharing with related affiliates. We require them to handle your Personal Data collected in accordance with this Privacy Notice.
Co-Branded Sites
We may partner with other companies to provide you with content or services on a joint or “co-branded” basis. At a co-branded site, you will see both the DANI Analitica logo and the logo of the co-branding partner displayed on your screen. You should read the individual privacy policies of our co-branding partners, as they may differ in some respects from ours. Reading these policies will help you to make an informed decision about whether to provide your information to a given site.
Product Reports
If you contact DANI Instruments regarding your experience in using one of our products, we may use the information that you provide in submitting reports to the designated government regulatory authority, as required of us by law.
Legal Rights and Obligations
In certain limited circumstances, DANI Analitica may need to disclose your Personal Data in order to comply with a legal obligation or demand, such as to comply with reporting obligations to our governing regulatory authorities regarding the safety of our products, or in connection with the sale or transfer of one of our product lines or divisions, which includes the services provided through one or more of the DANI Analitica Sites. In such instances, we will take measures to protect your Personal Data to the extent possible. We also reserve the right to use Personal Data to investigate and prosecute users who violate our rules or who engage in behavior that is illegal or harmful to others or to others’ property.
Change in Organization
We may disclose Personal Data as part of a corporate business transaction, such as a merger, acquisition, joint venture, or financing or sale of company assets, and may transfer Personal Data to a third party as one of the business assets in such a transaction. It may also be disclosed in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership. You will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on any affected Service of any change in ownership or uses of Personal Data, as well as any choices you may have regarding Personal Data about you.
Children Privacy
DANI Analitica does not knowingly collect or use any Personal Data directly from children on DANI Analitica Sites (we define as “children” as minors younger than 18). We do not knowingly allow children to order our products, to communicate with us, or to use any of our online services. If you are a parent and become aware that your child has provided us with information, please contact us using one of the methods specified below, and we will work with you to address this issue.
How to Contact Us
You have the right to see and get a copy of Personal Data about you that we maintain as well as to ask us to make corrections to inaccurate or incomplete Personal Data about you. You may have the right to receive data you have provided to us . You may also request the erasure of your Personal Data or the restriction of its processing, or object to the processing of Personal Data about you. To seek access to Personal Data about you, to file a concern, complaint, or request for correction, or to opt-out of particular programs, please contact our office by emailing us at dpo@dani-instruments.comYou may also send a letter to the following address:DANi Analitica srlviale Brianza 8720093 Cologno MonzeseMilanoItaly
Data Security
DANI Analitica maintains reasonable technical, administrative and physical controls to secure any Personal Data collected through the DANI Analitica Sites. However, there is always some risk that an unauthorized third party could intercept an Internet transmission, or that someone will find a way to thwart our security systems. We urge you to exercise caution when transmitting Personal Data over the Internet, especially your financial-related information. DANI Analitica cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will not gain access to your Personal Data; therefore, when submitting Personal Data to DANI Analitica Sites, you must weigh both the benefits and the risks.
Third Party Sites and Social Media Plug-ins
This Privacy Notice does not apply to DANI Analitica Sites that do not link to this Privacy Notice, or to third-party Web sites to which DANI Instruments site may link. DANI Analitica Sites may use social media plug-ins (e.g., the Facebook “Like” button, “Share to Twitter” button) to enable you to easily share information with others. When you visit DANI Analitica Sites, the operator of the social plug-in can place a cookie on your computer or other electronic device that enables that operator to recognize individuals who have previously visited our Site. If you are logged into the social media Web site (e.g., Facebook, Twitter) while browsing on our DANI Analitica Site, the social media plug-in allows that social media Web site to receive information that you have visited our site. The social media plug-in also allows the social media Web site to share information about your activities on our Site with other users of their social media Web site. These sharing settings are managed by the social media Web site and governed by its privacy policy.
Accessing Our Sites Globally
This site is owned and operated by DANI Analitica in Italy, but the information you provide will be accessible to our affiliates, vendors, and suppliers in other countries in accordance with this policy.  The level of legal protection for Personal Data is not the same in all countries; however, we will take the security measures described in this Privacy Notice in an effort to keep your information secure.
DANI Instruments, along with its affiliates and subsidiaries respect your privacy, value our relationship, and are committed to safeguarding your privacy. We understand the importance of privacy to our customers and visitors to our website. Our use of Personal Data is governed by our Privacy Policy and by accessing and using the DANI Analitica websites, you agree to be bound by that Privacy Policy.
You recognize and agree that when submitting your personally identifiable information to DANI Analitica websites, while DANI Analitica has safeguards in place to prevent unauthorized access or interception, there is no absolute guarantee of security.
In the unlikely event of an interception or unauthorized access despite our efforts, DANI Analitica shall not be responsible for such interceptions or unauthorized access, ora any direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages (including lost profits) suffered by a customer or user, even if DANI has previously been advised of the possibility of such damages, DANI Analitica does not warrant, either expressly or implied, that the information provided by any customer shall be free from interception or unauthorized access, and does not provide any implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. Each customer is responsible for m maintaining the confidentiality of his or her own password.
WordPress Download Manager - Best Download Management Plugin
Close
Share This
Facebook
Twitter
Google+
LinkedIn
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok