https://denverzoo.org/privacypolicy/
Other Resources
Drone Policy
Rules & Regulations
Service Animal Policy
Terms & Conditions
Weapons Policy
Registration, Petition, and Protestor Policy
Privacy Policy
DENVERZOO.ORG respects users’ privacy.
If you do not agree, please exit this process. Continuing indicates your consent.  The Denver Zoological Foundation ("DZF"), operators of WWW.DENVERZOO.ORG, recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of the users of this Website. It is necessary to gather information from you in order to provide an efficient and pleasant shopping experience. By using a number of security technologies in our Website, we maintain as a priority the privacy of your information. We also adhere to strict policies preventing the unauthorized use of your personal information. Information collected is for internal use only; we do not sell or collect information for the use of other parties.
WWW.DENVERZOO.ORG needs to know your name, e-mail address, shipping address, credit card number and expiration date in order to process and fulfill your order. We may also request additional information that you choose to submit, about your interests or feedback about our website and products so we can provide a better shopping experience for you. The name, address and payment the user may provide when using this website may be processed or disclosed by the DZF as permitted under the website's Terms of Use, of which the user agrees to upon utilizing the information and services of WWW.DENVERZOO.ORG.
Information we collect from you is used to help us monitor site usage and traffic patterns of our customers. Statistical aggregate information, as well as personal information, is collected for internal and administrative purposes. Any public disclosure of aggregate information regarding site usage and traffic, which is necessary for business and marketing purposes, is always devoid of any individual identification.
The DZF only collects any type of personally identifying information to the extent that it serves our legitimate business purposes, and the DZF will maintain appropriate safeguards to ensure the security, integrity, and privacy of the information.