https://dna-evolutions.com/privacy-and-data-protection/
Privacy and Data Protection
Privacy Statement
Responsible according to the data protection law: DNA Evolutions GmbH, Marlene-Dietrich-Strasse 5, 89231 Neu-Ulm, info@dna-evolutions.com
The operators of this website take the protection of your personal data very seriously. We treat your personal data confidentially and according to the legal data protection regulations and this Privacy Statement. The use of our website is possible without providing personal data. Personal data, such as names or e-mail addresses, are only acquired for the contact form and for a protected section for registered users. The access to this section is based on the voluntary transmission of this data. Those data will not be passed on to third parties without your explicit permission. In addition, we would like to emphasize that data transmissions via the internet (e.g. e-mail communication) cannot be entirely secure and may have security vulnerabilities. Complete protection of personal details against unauthorized access by third parties is not possible.
The capture of general information
Whenever you access our website some general information will be captured. This information (server log files) comprises data such as the type of your web browser, the operating system, referrer URL, the domains of your internet service provider, your IP address, and the time of access. This information does not enable any conclusion of your personal identity. This information is of technical relevance only, in order to respond with our web content data in the correct format and is only necessary for internet access. Anonymous information of this kind may be statistically analyzed to optimize our website and the underlying technology.
Cookies
This website partially uses so-called cookies. Cookies do not cause damages to your computer and do not contain viruses. Cookies allow us to make our offer more user-friendly, more efficient, and more secure. Cookies are small text files, stored by your browser on your computer. Some of the cookies we use are so-called ‘session cookies’. They will be deleted automatically after the end of your visit. Other cookies remain on your terminal device. Those cookies enable us to recognize your browser on your next visit. You can adjust your browser that way in order to be informed when cookies are placed, to individually allow cookies or to generally exclude cookies in certain cases as well as to activate the automatic deletion of cookies when closing the browser. The deactivation of cookies may impair the functionality of this website.
Change Cookie Preferences
Registration on our website
During the registration process for our user-specific services, some personal data will be requested from you such as name, contact data, email address, phone number, name of the company, industrial branch, etc. This information is passed to us exactly as entered by you. Once you are registered you may access contents, products, and services that are only offered to registered users. You may at any time request that your data be deleted from our data storage. Please use our contact form or our email contact address info@dna-evolutions.com for any such request.
Contact Form
If you send inquiries to us via the contact form, your data entered into the contact form, including the stated contact data, are stored for the purpose of dealing with your inquiry and in case of additional inquiries. Those data will not be passed on without your permission.
Your rights for information, correction, locks, deletion, and contradiction
You have the right to be informed about your person-related data, their origin, and addressee, and the purpose of data processing as well as the right to correction, blocking or deletion of those data at any time and free of charge. For further questions and questions concerning person-related data, feel free to contact us under the address published in the Impressum/legal notice. You may request modifications or revoke any approval by contacting us at any time. These modifications will have effect from the time of modification forward.
Modifications of the privacy declaration
We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement and related business practices at any time by posting an updated text. This new text will become effective from this time on forward and shall prevail previously published statements.
Contact us
Name *
E-mail *
Company/Organisation
Message *
Would you like to arrange a web meeting?
Yes, pleaseMaybe later
Privacy
I have read the Privacy Statement. Privacy and Data Protection
I agree that my details and data will be collected and stored electronically to answer my request. Note: You can revoke your consent at any time in the future via e-mail to info@dna-evolutions.com (*)
×