https://dreamcalc.com/about.html#privacy
DreamCalctm
DreamCalc Scientific Graphing Calculator
Math for Business, Science, Engineering & Education
DreamCalc
Store
Download
Support
Tutorials
User Guide
News
Features
Screenshots
Academia
Partners
About
About
Big Angry Dogtm
A barking mad software company
The Company
Big Angry Dog Ltd — a barking mad software company. Woof!
Website: BigAngryDog.com
Contact
Please use the following address for initial contact:
contact@bigangrydog.com
Business Partnership Opportunities
Big Angry Dog Ltd welcomes business and partnership proposals from reputable organizations.
Other software titles by Big Angry Dog include Hardwipe,
the free data sanitization toolset used by activists, journalists, IT technicians and anyone needing to ensure
that discarded, but sensitive, information can never be recovered by someone else.
Animal Policy
No animals are harmed in the making of our software, not even a cat.
Looking Back...
DreamCalc began life in 1996. Learn how it has evolved.
Shown above, "DreamCalc Primeval" on Window 3.1.
Legal Stuff
Copyright
Unless otherwise stated, all content on this website is the property of Big Angry Dog Ltd.
Copyright © Big Angry Dog Ltd 2020. All rights reserved.
Trademarks
DreamCalc™ and Big Angry Dog™ are trademarks of Big Angry Dog Ltd. All other trademarks
are the property of their respective owners.
Privacy Policy & Cookies
As with most web-servers, the server hosting this site may automatically log
your IP address. This information is used solely for statistical purposes and not to
identify individuals.
This website does not use cookies directly, but may link to third-party components,
such as Google Translate, which may use cookies and similar technology to collect information
such as your IP address, your ISP, and your browser version etc. You can elect to disable,
or selectively turn off, third-party cookies in your browser settings. However, this may
affect how well you are able to interact with many websites.
Big Angry Dog Ltd does not share customer details with anyone unless required
to do so by law enforcement agencies. This site links to FastSpring.com, our online reseller.
FastSpring's own privacy policy is available here.
External Sites
No responsibility can be accepted for the content of any external site which this website may link to.
Privacy & Cookies
W3C HTML
W3C CSS
Home
Download
Store
User Guide
Tutorials
Academia
Partners
About
Copyright © Big Angry Dog 2020. All rights reserved.