https://dreamsforreal.com/privacy/
Get FREE Tips to begin your Dream Career
Home
About
Programs & Products
The Book
Get the Book
FAQ
Dream Career Program
Success Stories
More
Blog/Videos
Events
New Products & Programs
Press Releases
Contact
Privacy
USE OF THIS WEBSITE
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SITE.
DISCLAIMER: The information, products, programs and services of Dreams for Real Inc. displayed on this website were designed with the intent of expanding people’s awareness of what is possible in their lives and to help them lead more self-determined lives. It is not intended to replace professional assistance in any aspect of your life – be it psychological, occupational, personal, financial, emotional or related to any relationship. Please consult the appropriate professional(s) to obtain specific information regarding your personal situation.
Dreams For Real Inc. makes no warranties or representations as to the accuracy or completeness of the content of this website. Prices and product offers are subject to change. Dreams For Real Inc. will not be liable for any damages, consequential or otherwise, arising out of the access or use of this site, or any linked sites.
This website gives no guarantee of success or of reproducing any of the results achieved by the people featured here or by following the Dream Tips or information posted herein. In fact, one of the key concepts at Dreams For Real Inc. is that people’s lives are as unique as the people themselves. No one can tell you what to do. That comes from within. Use this website to stimulate your own thought process of what may be right for you. It is the responsibility of each user to evaluate the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any information, opinion, advice, or other content available through and from this website.
THIRD-PARTY CONTENT
This website contains information supplied by third parties. Any and all of the opinions and content expressed by these third parties are those of the said authors and not of Dreams For Real Inc. Neither Dreams For Real Inc. nor any third party guarantees the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of its content. Dreams For Real Inc. does not endorse, warrant or guarantee any product or service offered by a third-party. It will not monitor in any way any transaction between a customer and a third party. Each user should use his or her best judgment in deciding the usefulness of the product or service delivered by the third party.
INDEMNIFICATION
Each user agrees to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Dreams For real Inc. and the directors, officers, employees, and agents from and against all claims and expenses, including attorneys’ fees, arising out of the use of this website by such user, or as otherwise set forth herein.
PRIVACY POLICY
Dreams For Real Inc. is committed to a strict anti-Spam policy. Spam constitutes unsolicited bulk mail, including junk mail, which has not been requested by the recipient. Your use of this website constitutes your acceptance of the terms and conditions of our Privacy Policy.
Dreams For Real Inc. does not condone the use of Spam by any of its associates, joint venture partners, ambassadors, clients or active students. All of the aforementioned groups agree to abide by our privacy policy and are strictly forbidden from advertising or promoting Dreams For Real products and/or services via any form of Spam. Dreams For Real Inc. reserves the right to determine, at its sole discretion, what constitutes Spam.
Should anyone in the above groups be found using Spam, they will, at Dreams For Real Inc. discretion, be immediately restricted from using any of Dreams For Real Inc. programs, products and services. Dreams For Real Inc. will take steps it deems necessary to prevent it from being involved in Spam and will legally pursue any person(s) or organization(s) that involve it in Spam allegations. If damages of any kind are levied against Dreams For Real Inc. it will pursue full legal recourse against the offending person(s) and/or organization(s) under any and all applicable laws.
If you believe that you have received Spam connected to Dreams For Real Inc. in any way, send a complaint including the unsolicited email, to spamcomplaint@dreamsforreal.com. You may also provide any other information that you believe may help a Dreams For Real Inc. investigation. Dreams For Real Inc. does not investigate or take any action based on anonymous Spam complaints.
All people who sign up for any Dreams For Real program or services or buy our products AND who provide their email address, give permission to Dreams For Real inc. to send them information on Dreams For Real Inc. programs, services and products to the said email address.
In order to protect your privacy, Dreams For Real Inc. does not sell, trade or share our subscriber list with anyone for any reason.
You may unsubscribe to Dreams For Real Inc. at any time. Dreams For Real Inc. may update this policy and provide notice of any changes on its home page.
Bookmark on Delicious
Digg this post
Recommend on Facebook
Share on google plus
Share on Linkedin
Pin it on pinterest
Share on Posterous
share via Reddit
Share this on sphinn
Share with Stumblers
Tweet about it
Share on xing
Buzz it up
Subscribe to the comments on this post
Print for later
Bookmark in Browser
Tell a friend
Vertical Menu
Live Your Dreams
event
press-releases
About Dreams For Real
DreamsForReal© Services, Programs &…
The Book
Get The Book!
FAQ
Dream Career Program
Success Stories
Blog
Thank you for signing up for the Live…
Contact Us
Affiliate Program
Affiliate Program FAQ
Sitemap
Terms Of Service
Privacy
Search
Categories
Life Changing Videos (19)
News & Announcements (1)
New Products & Programs (1)
Home | Blog | Affiliates | Sitemap | Contact Us | Privacy | TOS
Copyright © 2020. All Rights Reserved.
Designed by TekDev.co | WordPress Themes & Web Development.