https://dreamsforreal.com/terms-of-service/
Get FREE Tips to begin your Dream Career
Home
About
Programs & Products
The Book
Get the Book
FAQ
Dream Career Program
Success Stories
More
Blog/Videos
Events
New Products & Programs
Press Releases
Contact
Terms Of Service
PAYMENT METHODS
We accept all major forms of payment, including Visa, Mastercard, AMEX, and echeck through PayPal, a secure gateway company and industry-leader in fraud-prevention systems. If you do not wish to use PayPal, please phone in or fax your order and we will gladly process it for you directly through our merchant service. Rest assured, we do not keep or distribute our customer information. Your business is important to us. Please see our privacy policy for further information.
.
PROBLEM WITH YOUR ORDER?
If we have made an error, please contact us  or call 1-877-221-5089.
.
SHIPPING
Currently we only ship to Canada and the 48 contiguous States in the U.S. At checkout, Canadians can select either Canada Post Expedited Service or XpressPost. CP Exedited is the most cost-effective option but does not guarantee a date/time of delivery.
.
RETURNS POLICY
Within 30 days of delivery, you may return any of the following purchased from Dreams Fore Real Inc. and receive a full refund. We cannot pay for shipping costs unless you received an incorrect item.
Books in their original condition;
Unopened CDs, cassette tapes, DVDs, VHS tapes,
Any other merchandise in new condition with original packaging and accessories.
Please return our merchandise back to us unused and in the original packaging, otherwise, you may not receive full credit if your items are not in saleable condition.
You should expect to receive your refund within four weeks of giving your package to the return shipper; however, in many cases you will receive a refund more quickly. We’ll notify you via e-mail of your refund once we’ve received and processed the returned item.
Bookmark on Delicious
Digg this post
Recommend on Facebook
Share on google plus
Share on Linkedin
Pin it on pinterest
Share on Posterous
share via Reddit
Share this on sphinn
Share with Stumblers
Tweet about it
Share on xing
Buzz it up
Subscribe to the comments on this post
Print for later
Bookmark in Browser
Tell a friend
Vertical Menu
Live Your Dreams
event
press-releases
About Dreams For Real
DreamsForReal© Services, Programs &…
The Book
Get The Book!
FAQ
Dream Career Program
Success Stories
Blog
Thank you for signing up for the Live…
Contact Us
Affiliate Program
Affiliate Program FAQ
Sitemap
Terms Of Service
Privacy
Search
Categories
Life Changing Videos (19)
News & Announcements (1)
New Products & Programs (1)
Home | Blog | Affiliates | Sitemap | Contact Us | Privacy | TOS
Copyright © 2020. All Rights Reserved.
Designed by TekDev.co | WordPress Themes & Web Development.