https://dvb.org/about/policies-procedures/
Policies & Procedures
The governing document of the DVB Project is its Memorandum of Understanding (MoU).
The DVB Steering Board has adopted Rules and Procedures covering, among other matters, membership, participation in DVB activities and elections. The Rules and Procedures are largely a compilation of practices DVB has developed since its inception.
Other key documents available from this page include DVB’s document disclosure policy, its antitrust gruidelines and its copyright policy.
Memorandum of Understanding (revised 2014)Rules and Procedures (revised November 2020)Document Disclosure Policy (revised 2007)Antitrust Guidelines (2008)Copyright Policy (2012)Meeting Guidelines (2014, updated 2020)Application of US EAR to the DVB Project (2019)
IPR Policy
DVB’s innovative policy on intellectual property rights is laid out in Article 14 of the MoU.
Its most significant features are the commitment of each member to grant licenses to essential patents unless it gives notice that its patents are unavailable, and DVB’s active encouragement to the formation of patent pools covering DVB standards. These measures protect the interests of those with IPRs to license, and those who are licensing the IPRs, in order to deploy DVB products and services in the market place.
Summary of DVB IPR PolicyCommentary on Article 14 of the DVB MoU (Carter Eltzroth, 2007)Liaison note on Patent Pool fostering (2018)Policy on normatively referenced materials (2011)Qualifying bodies under policy on normatively referenced materialsNote on Voluntary Patent DisclosureForm for Voluntary Patent DisclosureStatement on licensing IPRs essential to a DVB specification
Questions on the IPR policy of the DVB Project can be addressed to the chair of the IPR Module, Georg Nolte, georg.nolte@eu.panasonic.com, or to DVB’s Legal Director, Carter Eltzroth, eltzroth@dvb.org.
DVB InfoSnapsLiaisonsLicensing ProgrammesPatent Disclosure Database
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyse and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. Our full Privacy Policy is available here.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.