https://dvb.org/about/policies-procedures/licensing-programmes/
Licensing Programmes
DVB fosters the formation of voluntary joint licensing programmes covering DVB specifications.
DVB-Twww.sisvel.com
DVB-CSA Common Scrambling Algorithm (CSA2, CSA3)www.sisvel.com
Multimedia Home Platform (Java elements)Discontinued. Contact licensors.
Multimedia Home Platform (and OCAP/tru2way) (non-Java elements)Discontinued. Contact licensors.
DVB-Hwww.sisvel.com
DVB-T2www.sisvel.com
DVB-C2www.sisvel.com (in formation)
DVB-S2www.sisvel.com
DVB-S2Xwww.sisvel.com
In respect of the DVB-SI, DVB-SUB and the Interaction Channel, Philips alone declared essential patents and confirmed that it would grant licences on FRAND terms.
Note: No other declaration submitted in response to DVB’s first pooling activities was found to present essential IPRs. This is true most notably in the case of the DVB-S and DVB-C transmission standards.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyse and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. Our full Privacy Policy is available here.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.