https://earthsoft.com/support/help-desk/
Help Desk
The EarthSoft Help Desk provides world-class technical support and is eager to help! Help Desk answers e-mail support requests and cases. Cases are created, time stamped, and processed according to severity level and in the order received. Our goal is to respond within 12 business hours. When we receive your e-mail, a confirmation and a case number will be sent within 10 minutes. If you don’t receive a confirmation email, please resubmit your support request or call the EarthSoft Help Desk at (800) 649-8855. *For future case correspondence please include case number received within your email’s subject line.
Hours:   8:00 AM – 8:00 PM ET, Monday through Friday Email: support@earthsoft.com
Phone: (800) 649-8855 Fax: (503) 345-0212
Solutions
EQuIS Hosting Options EQuIS Enterprise & Schemas EQuIS Professional EQuIS Data Acquisition EarthSoft Implementation Services
Want to Learn More? Explore EQuIS Environmental Data Management Workflows Request a Demo
Contact +1 800 649 8855info@earthsoft.comsales@earthsoft.comsupport@earthsoft.com9455 Pensacola Blvd. Pensacola, FL 32534
Subscribe to Our Mailing List Stay informed about our upcoming events, news,and more. Join Mailing ListAcceptReject Our site uses cookies so that we can remember you and understand how you use our site as well as to measure the effectiveness of campaigns and analyze traffic. This includes cookies from third party social media websites to ensure that we share content that is relevant to you. If you do not agree with our use of cookies, please change your current settings. By clicking “Accept” or “Reject”, or by using our site, you consent to the use of cookies unless you have disabled them...read more. Privacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
NecessaryAlways Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
MENU
EarthSoft Home Page
EQuIS Solutions
EQuIS Solutions
EQuIS Products
EQuIS Hosting Options
Implementation Services
Request EQuIS Demonstration/Additional Information
EQuIS Enterprise & Schemas
EQuIS Enterprise & Schemas
Workflow Automation
Dashboards & Widgets
EQuIS Live
Enterprise EDP
REST API
EQuIS Professional
EQuIS Professional
Standard Library
Data Library
Graphics Library
Decision Support
EQuIS Data Acquisition
EQuIS Data Acquisition
EDP
EDGE
EQuIS Collect
About Us
About EarthSoft
Business Partner Program
Development Partners
Our Clients
EarthSoft Staff
Resources
Resources
Presentations
News & Currents
Industry Insights
Case Studies
Events
Training
Webinars and User Groups
Video Library
Data Sheets & Price List
Support
Support
Contact Us
Help Desk
Community Center
EDD Formats
Webinars and User Groups
Register Licenses
Contact EarthSoft
Privacy Notice