https://earthsoft.com/privacy-notice/
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
Privacy NoticeThis privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for earthsoft.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following: What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared. What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data. The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information. How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information. Information Collection, Use, and SharingWe are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone. We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order or if you have subscribed to a mailing list. Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to for administrative purposes such responding to a contact form inquiry or about changes made to this privacy policy. If you have subscribed to one of our mailing lists, then we may contact you regarding marketing materials such as new products or training events. Intended Use of Personal DataMost of our services do not require any form of registration, allowing you to visit our site without telling us who you are. However, some of our contact or registration forms may require you to provide us with Personal data. In these situations, if you choose to withhold any Personal Data requested by us, it may not be possible for you to gain access to certain parts of the site and for us to respond to your query. Your Access to and Control Over InformationYou may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via email or phone number given on our website: 1 (800) 649-8855 See what data we have about you, if any. Change/correct any data we have about you. Have us delete any data we have about you. Express any concern you have about our use of your data. You may decline to share certain Personal Data with us, in which case we may not be able to provide you with some assistance, such as responding to a contact form inquiry. At any time, you may object to the processing of your Personal Data, on legitimate grounds, except if otherwise permitted by applicable law. If you have any additional questions about EarthSoft’s collection and storage of data, please contact us via email or by phone at 1 (800) 649-8855. International Privacy LawsIf you are visiting earthsoft.com from outside of the United states, please be aware that you are sending information (including Personal Data) to the United States where our servers are located. That information may then be transferred within the United States or back out of the United States to other countries outside of your country of residence, depending on the type of information and how it is stored by us. These countries (including the United States) may not necessarily have data protection laws as comprehensive or protective as those in your country of residence; however, our collection, storage, and use of your Personal Data from our website will at all times continue to be governed by this Privacy Policy. SecurityWe take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline. Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the Web page. While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment. LinksThis website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information. CookiesWe use “cookies” on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site. You can also read more about cookies and similar technologies here. If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 1 (800) 649-8855 or via email. You understand that by using the site or site services, you agree to be bound by this agreement.
Solutions
EQuIS Hosting Options EQuIS Enterprise & Schemas EQuIS Professional EQuIS Data Acquisition EarthSoft Implementation Services
Want to Learn More? Explore EQuIS Environmental Data Management Workflows Request a Demo
Contact +1 800 649 8855info@earthsoft.comsales@earthsoft.comsupport@earthsoft.com9455 Pensacola Blvd. Pensacola, FL 32534
Subscribe to Our Mailing List Stay informed about our upcoming events, news,and more. Join Mailing ListAcceptReject Our site uses cookies so that we can remember you and understand how you use our site as well as to measure the effectiveness of campaigns and analyze traffic. This includes cookies from third party social media websites to ensure that we share content that is relevant to you. If you do not agree with our use of cookies, please change your current settings. By clicking “Accept” or “Reject”, or by using our site, you consent to the use of cookies unless you have disabled them...read more. Privacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
NecessaryAlways Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
MENU
EarthSoft Home Page
EQuIS Solutions
EQuIS Solutions
EQuIS Products
EQuIS Hosting Options
Implementation Services
Request EQuIS Demonstration/Additional Information
EQuIS Enterprise & Schemas
EQuIS Enterprise & Schemas
Workflow Automation
Dashboards & Widgets
EQuIS Live
Enterprise EDP
REST API
EQuIS Professional
EQuIS Professional
Standard Library
Data Library
Graphics Library
Decision Support
EQuIS Data Acquisition
EQuIS Data Acquisition
EDP
EDGE
EQuIS Collect
About Us
About EarthSoft
Business Partner Program
Development Partners
Our Clients
EarthSoft Staff
Resources
Resources
Presentations
News & Currents
Industry Insights
Case Studies
Events
Training
Webinars and User Groups
Video Library
Data Sheets & Price List
Support
Support
Contact Us
Help Desk
Community Center
EDD Formats
Webinars and User Groups
Register Licenses
Contact EarthSoft
Privacy Notice