https://easst.net/privacy-policy/
Who we are
Our website address is: https://easst.net.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Who we share your data with
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Further reading
For more information on your data and your data rights see the full privacy policy of our Data Controller, NomadIT, here.
EASST-Eurograd
mailing list
10 recent messages
10/12/2020
CfA | Education and/as its making: Vulnerabilities in the sociomaterial worlds of learning (8th STS Italia Conf.)
09/12/2020
Experts and expertise in citizen engagement and deliberative democracy
09/12/2020
8th STS Italia Conference| CfA | Talk, then prototype
08/12/2020
CfP "The ethics and epistemology of explanatory AI in medicine and healthcare" in Ethics and Information Technology
08/12/2020
Paid PhD positions in Bratislava
08/12/2020
ASAC 2021 - Call for Papers
08/12/2020
Postdoctoral research position in India (Reconfiguring Energy for Social Equity)
08/12/2020
[CALL FOR PAPERS] Science&You 2021, International Conference on Science Communication / Metz (France), Nov. 16 - 19, 2021
07/12/2020
CfP panel ASA 2021 Temporality and (ir)responsibility within crises
07/12/2020
Disentangling Digital Feminist Technoscience - Call for Abstracts - 8th STS Italia Conference (TRACK 18)
show more messages
EASST Review: Volume 39(2) November 2020
Editorial
Parting words, returning things
Neither one nor two:
presenting our new editorial team
Streams and Bites: Thoughts on the EASST Vir_Conference 2020
Navigating 4S/EASST 2020
“virPrague” Conference
Reflections on the Prague Conference:
Much more than a successful coronavirus rescue operation
The Anthropocene, COVID-19 and ontology: some reflections following the EASST/4S 2020 online conference
Presenting a ‘virtual’ paper
in a ‘virtual’ conference:
adapting to the challenges posed by a pandemic
On (not) feeling virtual vibes: An academic mother’s EASST/4S online conference experience
A digital conference as a digital object How EASST/4S went online with success and some liveness and accessibility challenges
A Question of Sport: Opening a New Research Agenda in Science and Technology Studies
Understanding post-truth times to navigate the Anthropocene: An interview with Michael Kilburn
Learning while doing: engagements and interactions during a virtual conference
Knitting unruly kinships through design,
a world-making assemblage
Transplanetary Ecologies: A New Chapter in Social Studies of Outer Space?
Everything you ever wanted to know about hacking (not Ian)
News from the Council
Upcoming EASST elections
What is a scientific society for?
Special general meeting of EASST members