https://eazwv.site-ym.com/?page=privacy
Terms, Conditions and Privacy - European Association of Zoo and Wildlife Veterinarians
This website uses cookies to store information on your computer. Some of these cookies are used for visitor analysis, others are essential to making our site function properly and improve the user experience. By using this site, you consent to the placement of these cookies. Click Accept to consent and dismiss this message or Deny to leave this website. Read our Privacy Statement for more.
Accept
Deny
Search
Search »
Contact Us   |   Sign In
European Association of Zoo and Wildlife Veterinarians
About Us
Who are we?
BoardAdvisory BoardStudent SectionRegional Sections
ConstitutionDelivering EAZWV's MissionSubmit an idea to improve EAZWV
Zoo and Wildlife Health Conference
2020 Conference Welcome2020 Conference Programme2020 Conference Posters Gallery2020 Platform Instructions and FAQCode of ConductConference Proceedings Archive
Scientific Activities
Journal of Zoo and Wildlife MedicineTransmissible Diseases HandbookVeterinary AdvisorsConservation Research GrantsEAZWV Student GrantsRudolph Ippen Young Scientist AwardMember Spotlights
Capacity Building
Conferences & Meetings CalendarTraining WorkshopsOnline CoursesResidencies & QualificationsInternships & Student PlacementsStudent SectionMentoring Programme
Member Resources
Sign In / View your profileJournal Access (JZWM / BioOne)Vet Advisor ResourcesSubmit a Job Opening
Join Us
Membership BenefitsRenewals and Applications
Edit This Favorite
Name:
Category:
Share:
Yes
No, Keep Private
Terms, Conditions and Privacy
This page brings together information about EAZWV’s Terms and Conditions and information relating to the privacy and security of your data.
These Terms and Conditions apply to all geographical territories and are governed by English law.
Information published on this website is provided for the use of its visitors and you are advised that, although care has been taken to ensure technical and factual accuracy, some errors may occur. Please be aware that EAZWV may alter the information on its website from time to time. EAZWV shall have no liability arising from the use by any party of the information on this web site. You are advised to make your own virus checks and to implement your own precautions in this respect. EAZWV exclude all liability for contamination or damage caused by any virus or electronic transmission.
How do we use your information?
EAZWV recognises that your privacy is important to you and is committed to protecting your privacy online. This privacy notice sets out what information we collect and why and how we use that information.
It applies to personal information we collect about:
Visitors to our website (members or non-members)
We use a third party service, Your Membership (owned by Community Brands), to publish and host the main EAZWV website. When someone visits www.EAZWV.org , a third party service, Google Analytics, is used to collect internet log information and to follow visitor patterns. By knowing the number of visitors to the various pages, we can improve the website and identify areas of particular interest. The information is processed in a way which does not identify individuals. If we are collecting personally identifiable information through our website, we will do so using forms that clearly explain what we intend to do with it.
Your Membership’s Privacy Notice is here.
Filling in forms: Most forms on www.EAZWV.org. (for example contact forms, event registrations, training queries, applying for professional registration), are managed through Your Membership, our website third party service above. We will only request the information needed to provide the service the form is being filled in for.
Social buttons. Visitors may use these to bookmark or share our web pages. There are buttons for: Twitter Share, Facebook Share, Instagram, Flickr, and LinkedIn Share amongst others. These work using scripts from domains outside of EAZWV and it is likely those sites will collect their own information about what you are doing. You should review the policies of each of these sites to see how they use your information and to find out how to opt out, or delete, such information.
Social Media Contact with EAZWV: EAZWV uses Facebook. If you intend to post a comment on our Facebook feed or groups, Facebook will require you to set up your own account. Please review the Facebook privacy notice to see how it uses your information and to find out how to opt out, or delete, such information. Direct messages sent to EAZWV’s Facebook account will be deleted after 1 year.
External web services. We use a number of external web services, mainly related to displaying content e.g. to display slideshows we sometimes use SlideShare; to show videos we use YouTube. This is not an exhaustive or complete list of the services we use, or might use in the future, when embedding content, but these are the ones we use most. As with social buttons we cannot prevent these sites, or external domains, from collecting information on your usage of this embedded content. If you are not logged in to these external services then they will not know who you are, but are likely to gather anonymous usage information e.g. number of views, plays, loads etc.
Links to other websites: Our website also contains links to other websites that may be of interest to our visitors. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, this privacy statement no longer applies and we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting those sites - such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. Again, please check the respective policies of any such sites that you chose to visit.
Members (anyone who has a membership login to EAZWV)
Members (anyone who has a membership login to EAZWV) EAZWV is the data controller for the information you provide during the membership unless otherwise stated. If you have any queries about membership or how we handle your information, please contact us.
What will we do with the information you provide to us?
Data we hold will be used confidentially, and to help us run our services and keep you informed - for example, to collect membership and journal subscriptions, mail out publications and let you know about conferences and events; or to fulfil legal or regulatory requirements if necessary.
We will use the other information you provide to represent the sector, e.g. to compile sector demographics – you would never be identifiable individually, but such information enables us to more effectively advocate for the sector. We may also use relevant information (e.g. sector or level of membership) to advise you of products and services that may be of interest.
EAZWV will never sell, trade, rent, exchange or otherwise share your personal information with any other person, company or organisation without gaining consent to do so. The information you provide will be held securely by us and/or our data processors, whether the information is in electronic or physical format. We do not collect more information than we need to fulfil our stated purposes and will not retain it for longer than is necessary.
Joining as a member
If you use our online registration system, this will be collected by a data processor on our behalf (please see Your Membership below).
We ask you for your personal details including name and contact details. We will also ask you about your professional details and questions relevant to the sector. Our administration and management teams will have access to all of this information.
You will also be asked to provide equalities and demographic information. This is not mandatory information – if you don’t provide it, it will not affect your membership. This information will not be made available to any staff outside of our administration and management teams, in a way which can identify you. Any information you do provide, will be used only to produce and monitor equalities statistics and demographics for the sector.
Member login information, comprising of name or username, email address, and password is collected/created. There is also the option to sign in using your social profile on Facebook (YM SocialLink will receive your public profile, friends list and email address from Facebook) or LinkedIn (YM SocialLink will receive your name, photo, headline, current positions and primary email from LinkedIn). These work using scripts from domains outside of EAZWV and it is likely those sites will collect their own information about what you are doing. You should review the policies of each of these sites to see how they use your information and to find out how to opt out, or delete, such information.
Further details are then collected in the member profile. The information is used to provide access to the member-only areas of the website and other member-only benefits. The services and information available to you will be governed by the type of membership that you have with us.
Your personal information is also used to track your website preferences and keep you informed, unless you have opted not to receive such communications. In some instances, when a purchase is initiated by a member, billing information, that may include credit card information, is captured.
Membership database: Your membership information is held by a third party processor Your Membership (YM, owned by Community Brands) who provide this online service for us.
Here is a link to their Privacy Notice: https://www.yourmembership.com/legal/
YM complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union to the United States. YM has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles.
EAZWV Working groups and sections: If members have joined EAZWV Working Groups and or Sections, their contact data (email and postal), may be shared with those local committees (taking into account any communication preferences stated by that member), so that they can send newsletters and information about their activities. EAZWV volunteers who will be in receipt of personal information are asked to read and sign a Data Protection Agreement first – for example if they are on a group committee, they are sending out email communications or organising events.
SocialLink: As well as a member profile, you will have access to a private, member-facing online community called SocialLink where you will be able to network with other EAZWV members. You can post to your own feed; connect with other members; and can join sections and working groups. Participation in Social Link is entirely optional, but by default your name and profile picture (if you choose to upload one) and the professional information you provided in your profile are visible to other EAZWV members on SocialLink.
Journals and Online Course access: Particular member types have access to EAZWV’s online courses and journal subscriptions. This is provided through World Association Continuing Education Alliance, Vetion, BioOne and Allen Press. If you log in as a member to the EAZWV website and use a single sign on to access these resources, your first name, last name and email address are transferred to the providers. However, once you have been transferred to these providers, you can create a profile that is separate to your member Profile above and can control separate privacy settings within the VLE – please see the instructions available on the VLE when you are logged in to it.
The online course software, hosted on a EAZWV server, also collects information about users (including name and IP address), and their activity on the site, for example the number of users viewing pages or completing courses on the site, to monitor and report on the effectiveness of the site and help us improve it. EAZWV sometimes use third parties to deliver training courses in the VLE. Those trainers/facilitators are under contract to EAZWV and can see the personal details of people attending their courses and can run reports. They will only use those personal details to deliver a course in the VLE in the strictest of confidence and will not use those details outside of the VLE in any context.
Voting on official EAZWV matters: as a EAZWV member you are entitled to vote in our annual elections for new trustees and for EAZWV’s next Vice-President. EAZWV use Mi-Voice who act as returning officer, officially validating the result and answering any queries. In order to do this they are sent the name, membership number and address (email or postal) of current members.
Here is a link to their privacy notice:
Any other voting (such as proxy voting for the AGM) is done using formsite – see section on “Visitors to our website”.
EAZWV App: Once downloaded, the EAZWV app will give you online access to content, by logging in with the email and username of your Member Profile.
Access to Online Journals: One of the benefits of joining EAZWV is access to BioOne and JZWM via Allen Press. As these are accessed after a member has logged in to the EAZWV website, the member’s name, username and email address are extracted via the SSO (single sign on) process, to verify and administer access to these journals only.
However, once you have used the SSO to leave our site, this privacy statement no longer applies and we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting those journals - please check their privacy notice.
Volunteers: As a member you may either be a EAZWV volunteer, or interact with EAZWV volunteers (who may or may not be EAZWV members themselves). If EAZWV volunteers will have access to personal information, it will be appropriate to their role and they will have been asked to sign a data protection agreement. This list is not exhaustive, but volunteers include EAZWV Board members; Member Network Committee members; the PRAB; Mentors; Mentor Support Officers; Candidate Support Officers for Professional Registration; and Assessors for Course Accreditation.
Paying for your membership: If you use a credit or debit card to pay, you will be redirected to a third party service, either PaySafe or Paypal, who collect payment on EAZWV’s behalf. They will request card number, expiry date and the contact details of the person and address that the card is registered to.
The PaySafe privacy notice is here: The Paypal privacy notice is here.
How long is the information retained for? Once you cease to be a member, your membership profile and details of financial transactions made with EAZWV, will be retained for 7 years. If you decide to rejoin, your original profile will be made active again, if still on record. We will stop all communications with you after one year, or as soon as you unsubscribe, whichever is sooner.
Registrations for events or training (members or non-members)
If registering for an event or training, additional information such as dietary or access requirements may be collected, but will only be used for that particular event.  If a member is signed in, relevant contact information from their member profile may be pre-filled to speed up the registration process for them.
We use a third party service, Your Membership (owned by Community Brands), to publish and host event details and tickets on the main EAZWV website.  When someone visits www.EAZWV.org, a third party service, Google Analytics, is used to collect internet log information and to follow visitor patterns. By knowing the number of visitors to the various pages, we can improve the website and identify areas of particular interest. The information is processed in a way which does not identify individuals. If we are collecting personally identifiable information through our website, we will do so using forms that clearly explain what we intend to do with it.
Your Membership’s Privacy Notice is here.
Conferences, Workshops and Summer Schools: EAZWV uses third parties (e.g IZW, specific workshop leaders etc) to deliver training courses for EAZWV members.  Those trainers are under contract to EAZWV and may be given the names and emails of the individuals attending the course they are delivering, so that they can create attendance registers, to facilitate learning and to gather feedback.  Those personal details will only ever be used for the course being delivered and once the course has ended, trainers are instructed not to retain those details for any purpose.
People who pay for EAZWV product or services using credit or debit cards (members or non-members)
If a visitor to our website decides to use a credit or debit card to pay for products or services or donations, you will be redirected to third party services, PaySafe or Paypal who collect payment on EAZWV’s behalf.
They will request card number, expiry date and the contact details of the person and address that the card is registered to. The PaySafe privacy notice is here: The Paypal privacy notice is here.
This could include payment for items like membership and journal subscriptions, conference and workshop / summer school registration, donations, products such as books, but this list is not exhaustive.
Sometimes, payments are taken by the EAZWV secretariat directly using the PaySafe online payment portal. The EAZWV secretariat will request card number, expiry date and the security code. They will also ask for a name and telephone number in case of any query.
People who complete polls and surveys (members or non-members)
We will periodically carry out polls and surveys on our website. However, we regularly conduct sector research through the use of online surveys. For sector research surveys, the identities of respondents and their answers will be treated as confidential and will only be used for research purposes, unless the correspondent expressly requests or permits otherwise. For surveys that are not anonymous we may cross-reference your responses with information that we already hold about you. This would be for research purposes only.
We may occasionally carry out market research with our members and non-members regarding the member services and benefits we currently offer or may wish to offer in future.
For mixed purpose projects, the purpose(s) will be stated on the questionnaire. For all online surveys participation is voluntary at all times. The information you provide will be processed at all times by EAZWV in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation.
We will use either the survey functionality of Your Membership (see the section on Visitors to our website) or Survey Monkey. If Survey Monkey is used, this will be made clear to you and in setting up the survey we might include optional boxes for your name and email. However, it is likely the site will collect their own information e.g. anonymous usage information about what you are doing. Survey Monkey’s privacy notice is here.
People applying or nominating for EAZWV awards or bursaries (members or non-members)
Nominations or applications for awards or bursaries may require additional information about both the nominator and/or possible recipient.
Any personal information that is provided in the nomination, is used only for the purpose of reviewing the nomination and for the ongoing administration and management of any bursaries that are awarded. We may also publish information about awards or bursaries on our own website, including the recipient of the award or bursary and the amount of bursary awarded.
Emails that we send (to members and non-members)
Emails that we send to members and non-members: EAZWV uses a third party provider, Mailchimp, to deliver the majority of our emails, although some standard notifications will come from Your Membership. Mailchimp is also used to manage your email preferences. You will see an option to manage your email preferences at the end of every email sent from Mailchimp where you can subscribe/unsubscribe. This list is not exhaustive, but such emails may be about membership administration and benefits, newsletters, health alerts, jobs and volunteer opportunities, communications from member network groups that you have joined, events, sector & policy research, or products such as books.
Email tracking. Some emails that we send you have no tracking in at all, for example personal correspondence. Other emails we send are tracked so that we can tell if those emails send traffic to our website or we can tell, at an individual level, whether the user has opened and clicked on the email, to understand open and click rates to try and improve our emails. Sometimes we do use the personal information e.g. to re-email people who haven’t opened emails. If you want to be sure that none of your email activity is tracked, then you should unsubscribe from all EAZWV email correspondence.
Mail Chimp’s Privacy Notice can be accessed here.
Security
EAZWV complies with its obligations under the Data Protection Act 1998 (the DPA), which will be superseded from 25 May 2018 by the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (the GDPR), by keeping personal data up to date; by storing and destroying it securely; by not collecting or retaining excessive amounts of data; by protecting personal data from loss, misuse, unauthorised access and disclosure and by ensuring that appropriate technical measures are in place to protect personal data.
Only authorised staff, board members, and data processors (software suppliers and those working on behalf of EAZWV to deliver our products and services e.g. YourMembership, Allen Press, WCEA, AAZV, IZW) will have access to your data. All parties who have access to your data are required to process/use that data in accordance with the provisions of current data protection legislation.
EAZWV uses data processors who are third parties to provide elements of our services for us. We have agreements in place with our data processors. This means that they cannot do anything with your personal information unless we have instructed them to do it. They will not share your personal information with any organisation apart from us. They will hold it securely and retain it for the period we instruct. We have identified these data processors where relevant in the body of this privacy notice.
EAZWV will never sell trade, rent, exchange or otherwise share your personal information with any other person, company or organization without gaining consent to do so.
The EAZWV website uses sophisticated security and safeguard measures to protect users' information (e.g. Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption) to ensure that your data, debit/credit card will be protected against fraudulent use on our site.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They allow the website to remember who you are. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies by modifying the settings in your browser. However, you will not be able to login to the website if cookies are disabled. You can also manually remove cookies from your system. For more information on disabling and enabling cookies you should search for or lookup 'Cookies' in your Operating System Documentation or visit www.aboutcookies.org
Cookies set by EAZWV:
Cookie
Name
Purpose
Universal Analytics (Google)
ga, gali, gat UA-1036645-1 and gid
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our website. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the website. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the website, where visitors have come to the website from and the pages they visited. You can find out more atwww.google.co.uk/intl/en/analytics/privacyoverview.html
Controlling your personal information
Personal data relates to a living individual who can be identified from that data. Identification can be by the information alone or in conjunction with any other information in the data controller’s possession or likely to come into such possession. The processing of personal data is governed by the Data Protection Act 1998 (the DPA) which will be superseded from 25 May 2018 by the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (the GDPR).
You have rights as an individual which you can exercise in relation to the information EAZWV holds about you – read more here:  This privacy notice was drafted with brevity and clarity in mind. It does not provide exhaustive detail of all aspects of EAZWV’s collection and use of personal information. However, we are happy to provide any additional information or explanation needed.
If any of your personal details are incorrect, please update your profile online or write to us, so that we can make any corrections promptly. Members are asked to review their data at least once a year on renewal.
If you want to make a complaint about the way EAZWV has processed your personal information, you can contact the ICO in the UK as the statutory body which oversees data protection law – www.ico.org.uk/concerns.
Access to personal information
Members have an online login that will allow them to update their membership profile online at anytime – login or reset your password You can review which data are visible to your fellow members (click on the red icon by the information you want to change) and the email preferences that we hold for EAZWV communications and you can change them at any time.
If you are a member you can change your communication preferences for Social Link at any time –
see the section on “Information and Settings”.
Individuals can find out if we hold any personal information by making a ‘subject access request’ under the Data Protection Act 1998. If we do hold information about you, we will:
• give you a description of it;
• tell you why we are holding it;
• tell you who it could be disclosed to; and
• let you have a copy of the information in an intelligible form.
To make a request to EAZWV for any personal information we may hold you need to contact us..
If you agree, we will try to deal with your request informally, for example by providing you with the specific information you need by email or over the telephone.
Identity and contact details of controller and data protection officer: EAZWV is the controller and processor of data for the purposes of the DPA 1988 and GDPR.
EAZWV may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy was last updated 20th May 2018.
Conference
Veterinary Advisors
Regional Sections
Events
Students
Working Groups
Contact Us
Terms Conditions and Privacy
© 2020 EAZWV
Photos courtesy of © Zoo Basel and © Nina Grützmacher
Membership Management Software Powered by YourMembership  ::  Legal