http://ecanews.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
About ECA
Membership
Executive Committee
Council
Statutes and By-Laws
Members
Individual Members
Members Chat Room
Corporate Affiliate Members
National Members
Interest Groups
About Interest Groups
Current Interest Groups
Proposed Interest Groups
Information for IG Coordinators
Meetings
European Crystallographic Meetings
How to organise an ECM
IUCr congresses
National meetings
Meeting Announcements
Financial support
Meeting reports
Travel grant reports
ECM31 – Oviedo
Education
European Crystallography School
How to organize an ECS
ECA Support to Schools
Outreach
Prizes
Max Perutz Prize
Erwin Felix Lewy Bertaut Prize
Alajos Kálmán Prize
ECM Poster Prizes
Jobs
Contact
Home » Privacy Policy
ECA Privacy PolicyLogin
Go to member area
ECA Scholarship FundHelp other crystallographers: donate to the ECA Scholarship Fund!Search Site
Search for:
Interest Groups
Newest
|
Active
|
Popular
|
Alphabetical
SIG-13 Molecular Structure and Chemical Properties
150 members
SIG-12 Crystallography of Functional Materials
124 members
GIG-01 Young Crystallographers
119 members
SIG-01 Macromolecular Crystallography
116 members
SIG-08 Powder Diffraction
113 members
SIG-07 Molecular Interaction and Recognition
112 members
SIG-09 Crystallographic Computing
105 members
SIG-06 Instrumentation and Experimental Techniques
98 members
SIG-05 Mineral and Inorganic Crystallography
90 members
SIG-11 Crystallography under Extreme Conditions
83 members
SIG-04 Electron Crystallography
67 members
GIG-03 Education in Crystallography
51 members
SIG-02 Quantum Crystallography
50 members
SIG-03 Aperiodic Crystals
37 members
GIG-02 Senior Crystallographers
32 members
SIG-14 Dynamics, Disorder, Diffuse scattering (D3)
21 members
ECA IM Forum
15 members
Recent Posts
Celebrating Rosalind Franklin’s 100-year Birthday: New Structures, New Challenges
Online workshop on electron crystallography
Three day online course in Powder X-ray diffractometry
Zürich School of Crystallography 2021
7th Crystal Structure Prediction Blind Test brings new challenges for computational chemists
Recent CommentsArchives
December 2020
November 2020
October 2020
July 2020
June 2020
April 2020
March 2020
February 2020
January 2020
October 2019
August 2019
June 2019
March 2019
February 2019
January 2019
November 2018
October 2018
September 2018
July 2018
March 2018
February 2018
January 2018
December 2017
September 2017
May 2017
February 2017
December 2016
November 2016
October 2016
August 2016
July 2016
April 2016
March 2016
November 2015
October 2015
September 2015
February 2014
Last updated 22/08/2018
How do we protect your data?
Your privacy is very important to us, which is why we make sure you are always in control of what we do with your personal information. ECA wants to share information and news about our activities with you. We can do this in various ways including email, post or social media, but only if you would like us to.
We never pass your personal details to anyone outside ECA for their own marketing purposes unless you have previously provided us with your informed and specific consent.
We ensure that we obtain your express consent before we contact you by any method for any purpose.
You can change your contact preferences at any time. All you need to do is update your preferences by going to your member’s profile page or contacting us at secretary@ecanews.org.
Your personal information is stored safely and will remain secure at all times.
No statistical information which identifies you personally will be published.
No personal information will be kept any longer than necessary in order to fulfill the purpose it was collected for, and if you ask us to, it will be deleted.
We always delete your personal information if requested by you to do so
We always comply with the Data Protection Act 1998 and all other applicable laws and EU Directives.
Please let us know if your details change so that we can keep in touch.
What kind of information do we collect about users?
We collect information to provide you with a better experience of using our website and newsletters. In order to provide you with access to certain services or data within our websites and online forms, we may require that you provide certain personal information.For ECA members registered on our website, this information include your name, e-mail address and country. We also store the personal information you decide to provide in your user profile. All information beyond name, country and email is optional. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
We collect information in the following ways:
Logging the Internet Protocol (IP) address of your computer to be able to receive and send information on the Internet.
Collecting personal data and other information from you as part of online forms, comments and surveys
How do we use your information?
ECA will process your data (for example your name, email address, country of residence) in accordance with your rights under the Data Protection Act 1998. We may process your information in any number of ways and on any databases, we use for the following purposes:
To create an electronic record of your data to enable your request for information to be processed
To administer and manage the information we make available to you
To compile delegate lists for distribution to attendees at our events, or for advertising ECA promoted events
To assist us with statistical analysis and compliance with our legal obligations, policies and procedures.
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection. An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment. Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website. These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
How and with whom do we share your information?
We take our obligations and responsibilities regarding protecting your privacy very seriously, and therefore, we exercise great care to protect the information we collect about you. We will share your information outside ECA only in the following circumstances:
You have provided your express prior consent, and the contractor or organisation is working directly with us as a partner as a part of maintaining our activities. Service providers and suppliers are required to keep confidential and secure the personal information received from us and may not use it for any other purpose other than as originally intended.
To any third parties who provide a service or benefits to you in connection with your membership.
If compelled by law to do so.
Protecting information
We use secure technology in all our email communications and unless you have provided us with your clear and express consent, we do not disclose your email address to any other recipient.
Subject access rights
If you write to us with a request, you will have a right to be provided with a copy of all personal information we hold about you.
Right to request a correction
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
You can request that we correct or update your personal data at any time to ensure that your information is accurate and up-to-date.
Right to be forgotten
We may be required to archive your personal information however, we will not retain personal data for longer than is necessary for the purpose we obtained it. You have the right to request that we delete your personal information in certain circumstances, ie where the purpose for collecting your personal information no longer exists and we are not obligated to retain all or any part of your personal information for legal reasons.
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
Withdrawing your consent
You can withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us at gro.s1607667395wenac1607667395e@yra1607667395terce1607667395s1607667395
Our right to change this privacy statement
This Privacy Statement may be updated periodically and without prior notice to you to reflect changes in our online information practices. We will indicate at the top of the statement when it was most recently updated. We recommend that you visit our Privacy Statement page whenever you visit our websites so that you are aware of any changes.
ECA Corporate Members
ECA Partners
TagscryoEM
Dynamical crystallography
electron diffraction
Extreme condition crystallography
France
macromolecules
molecular simulations
nmr
Online school
Phase identification
Phase quantification
powder diffraction
structural biology
Structure determination
sweden
Texture analysis
Total scattering
workshop
xfel
Privacy Preferences
I Agree