https://ecoreserves.bc.ca/privacy-statement/
Home
Ecoreserves
Reserve Profiles
ERs of BC by Name
Map of ERs by Number
ER Proposals- 2014
About
Friends
Annual Reports
Annual General Meeting
Strategic Plan
Why Ecoreserves
History
Conversations:Elders
Profiles of Special People
Research in Ecoreserves
Permits
Permits and Process
Funding for Research
Research
Ecological Monitoring
IBAs and ERs
Species Lists
Rare Species
Photos
Videos
Acknowledgements
Get Involved
Become a Warden
Warden’s handbook
Submit articles to this website
Directions for Posting
Sitemap
Volunteer
Buy EcoProducts
Membership
To Donate
News/Reports
All Posts- from recent to past
News
Newsletter Archive
Coming Events
Warden Meetings
Warden Reports
Field Notes
Marine Reserves
Geology
Management
Issues
Invasive Species
Climate Change
Oil spills
Logging old growth
Controlled burning
Contact
Privacy Statement
Information About Our Organisation and Web Site
Modern information and communication technologies play a fundamental role in the activities of an organisation like Friends of Ecological Reserves (FER). We are a non-profit society based in British Columbia, Canada.
Our principal activities relate to the preservation of ecological reserves and support to the management of ecological reserves.
This privacy policy covers FER and its Web site:
The Friends of Ecological Reserves (FER) collects, maintains and uses personal information in order to provide products and services that best meet the needs of our of members and visitors to our website. In doing so, we respect their privacy and recognise the need to safeguard their confidential information in our possession.
Privacy Compliance
We maintain the confidentiality of any personal information which is provided to us, and in handling such information we comply with the provisions of the Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act
Providing Visitors with Anonymous Access
You can access our Web site home page and browse our site without disclosing your personal data.
Automatic Collection of Information
We do not use cookies on our Web site.
We do not automatically log personal data nor do we link information automatically logged by other means with personal data about specific individuals.
Data Collection and Purpose Specification
We do not collect any personal data from our visitors when they use our services.
We do not collect information about you from other sources, such as public records or bodies, or private organisations.
We do not collect or use personal data for any purpose other than that indicated below.
If we wish to use your personal data for new purposes, we will first offer you the means to consent to those new purposes.
Subscriptions, membership and purchases
We request information from the user on our order forms. Here a user must provide contact information (such as name, address, telephone) and may provide financial information (such as credit card number and expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill users’ orders. If we have trouble processing an order, this contact information is used to get in touch with the user.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personal data from children.
We take specific steps to protect the privacy of children by:
making reasonable efforts to ensure that a parent has authorised the collection of the child’s personal data and use of the child’s personal data for the disclosure to third parties.
giving parents the option to consent to the collection and use of the child’s personal data for our internal use and use of the child’s personal data for the disclosure to third parties.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our site may request information from users via surveys. Participation in these surveys is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose any information. Information requested may include contact information, such as name and address, and demographic information. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring and/or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Disclosure and Visitor Choice
We do not disclose your personal data to other organisations.
Where we may disclose your personal data for purposes that are different from those indicated in the table mentioned above, we will offer you the opportunity to consent to such disclosure.
Confidentiality/Security
We do not give visitors to our Web site the option of using a secure transmission method to send us their personal data.
We have implemented security policies, rules and technical measures to protect the personal data that we have under our control from:
unauthorised access
improper use or disclosure
unauthorised modification
unlawful destruction or accidental loss:
Access to the personal data we may hold about you
You can ask us whether we are keeping personal data about you.
We will provide you with a readable copy of the personal data which we keep about you, – although we may before require proof of your identity -. We will provide the information without any charge.
We allow you to challenge the data that we hold about you and, where appropriate, you may have the data rectified or amended
We reserve the right to refuse to provide our visitors with a copy of their personal data, but will give reasons for our refusal.
Privacy Support
If you have an enquiry or concern about our privacy policy, please contact us.
Ecoreserves
About
Get Involved
News/Reports
Contact
Privacy
500
2011-2016 - Copyright Friends of Ecological Reserves