http://edu.casio.com/privacy/notice/en/cookiepolicy/
HOME
Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy
Last revised: [August 1, 2018]
This Cookie Policy describes how Casio Computer Co. Ltd located at 6-2, Hon-machi 1-chome, Shibuya-ku, Tokyo 151-8543, Japan (“Casio”, “our”, “we” or “us”) uses cookies and similar technologies to collect and store information when you visit our websites, https://edu.casio.com/, https://edumaterial.casio-intl.com/. For additional information on our privacy practices with respect to our website, please refer to our relevant privacy notice.
What are Cookies?
When you visit our websites, Casio or an authorized third party may send you a cookie. Cookies are small text files that may be placed on your device, i.e., in your browser directory. When a website is accessed, a cookie that is placed on a device will send information to the party that has placed the cookie. Cookies are extremely common and used on a number of websites. Each cookie will typically contain the name of the domain from which the cookie has come, the "lifetime" of the cookie, and a value (usually a unique number). For a more thorough explanation of what cookies are and how they operate, please visit www.aboutcookies.org.
Why are Cookies useful?
Cookies allow a website owner to do useful things; for example, a cookie would permit a website owner to find out whether a computer (and probably its user) has visited the site previously. In general, the purpose of cookies is to improve the performance of the website and the user’s experience in using that website. Cookies help to make a website work more efficient, enable extra functionality, and provide website owners with additional information about your visit to a website. Cookies also allow a website owner to track overall site usage and determine areas that users prefer. Cookies help make the user’s visit to a website easier by recognizing the user upon return and providing a customized experience.
First Party and Third Party Cookies
Our websites may place first party cookies and allow third parties to place cookies on your device. The difference between a first party cookie and a third party cookie relates to the control of the party who serves the cookie. First party cookies are cookies that are specific to the website that created them. Their use enables us to operate an efficient service and to track the patterns of behavior of visitors to the website. Third party cookies, on the other hand, are placed on your device by a third party (i.e., not by Casio). While we may allow third parties access to the website to place these cookies on users’ devices, we do not retain control over the information supplied by the cookies, nor do we retain access to that data. This information is controlled wholly by that third party in accordance with their respective privacy policy.
Session and Persistent Cookies
Our websites may place session and persistent cookies on your device. Whereas the difference between a first party and third party cookie relates to the party controlling the initial placement of the cookie on your device, the difference between a session and a persistent cookie relates to the length of time the cookie lasts. Session cookies are cookies that typically last for as long as you are using your browser, or browser session. When you end your browser session, the cookie expires. Persistent cookies, as the name implies, are persistent and will last after you close your browser. This allows for quicker and often more convenient access to our website.
Why are Cookies useful?
Cookies allow a website owner to do useful things; for example, a cookie would permit a website owner to find out whether a computer (and probably its user) has visited the site previously. In general, the purpose of cookies is to improve the performance of the website and the user’s experience in using that website. Cookies help to make a website work more efficient, enable extra functionality, and provide website owners with additional information about your visit to a website. Cookies also allow a website owner to track overall site usage and determine areas that users prefer. Cookies help make the user’s visit to a website easier by recognizing the user upon return and providing a customized experience.
Linking of Cookie data with other data
Information gathered through usage of a cookie is not linked to any direct personal identifiers (e.g., your name or e-mail address), unless you become a customer of Casio. Once you submit personal data on our websites (e.g., by signing up to receive information from us) we may link such personal data with cookies or other data that are associated with your visit(s) to our websites. Before we do so, we will notify you of this fact and seek your consent or grant you a right to object, if required by applicable law.
Cookies used on our websites
For detail information about the cookies that we use on our websites, please refer to the cookie declaration
Cookie Declaration
Disabling, Deleting, or Opting-Out of Cookies
If you do not want to have cookies placed on your device, many of them offer ways to opt-out. You may refuse the use of first party cookies by selecting the appropriate setting on Cookiebot (see the cookie declaration). Where possible, we have provided a link in the following table that explains how to opt-out of that third party serving you cookies.
Third Party Cookies
Name
Provider
How to opt-out
GPS
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
YSC
yt.innertube::nextId
yt.innertube::requests
yt-remote-cast-installed
yt-remote-connected-devices
yt-remote-device-id	youtube.com
yt-remote-fast-check-period
yt-remote-session-app
yt-remote-session-name
youtube.com
https://support.google.com/youtube/answer/32050
In addition, most web browsers allow at least some control of most cookies through browser settings. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser to decline cookies. You may also delete existing cookies through your browser. Please visit the following websites to learn more (depending on the browser you use): Firefox, Internet Explorer, Google Chrome and Safari.
However, please note that if you disable cookies, you may not be able to use the full functionality of our websites. In particular, you may have limited access to some areas or be transitioned to a different experience.
You may also disable JavaScript at any time. Please remember: some features of our websites may not function properly unless cookies and JavaScript are enabled, and some areas of our websites may not function at all.
Similar Technologies
There are other technologies that perform a similar function to cookies. These include web beacons and clear gifs. These are often used in conjunction with cookies to help a website owner understand its users better. When we send you newsletters or other messages, we use these technologies as follows so that we can track e-mail open and click rates:
In order to determine a user's ability to receive HTML e-mail in addition to whether or not an e-mail has been opened, Casio includes a "web beacon" in the majority of HTML e-mail messages we send. A web beacon (actually a small .gif image) is activated when an HTML e-mail is opened via a request for the image on our servers. This capability helps Casio send e-mail in a format that users can read and enables Casio to track the aggregate number of e-mails opened. The web beacon does not collect any personal data. Users that do not want to receive e-mail messages with web beacons can choose to receive their e-mails in text (non-HTML) format.
Google Analytics
Our websites use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”).
Google Analytics uses cookies, which are text files placed on your computer, mobile device or other hardware device, to help the websites analyze how users use the websites. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website will be transferred to and stored by Google on servers in the USA.
Before the transfer this information will be anonymized by removing the last octet of your IP address.
Google will process this information on our behalf for the purpose of evaluating your use of the websites, compiling reports on website activity and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage.
Google will not link your IP address with any other data held by Google.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however, please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.
Information collected by us through use of these cookies includes: number of visitors, referring URLs, and pages visited.
For further information, please see Google’s site:
- Google Analytics' use of cookies
- Google's Privacy Overview for Google Analytics.
Contact us
For further information on our use of cookies and similar technologies, please contact us:
Casio Computer Co. Ltd.
6-2, Hon-machi 1-chome, Shibuya-ku, Tokyo 151-8543, Japan
tel:	+81-3-5334-4111
e-mail: inquiry_privacy+edu-casio-com@casio.info