http://ee.cleversoul.com/terms.html
Best-Sellers:
The Art of Designing Embedded Systems
Electronic Gadgets for the Evil Genius
Programming Embedded Systems
Programming and Customizing the PIC Microcontroller
Beginner's Guide to Reading Schematics
USB Complete: The Developer's Guide
Embedded Linux Primer: A Practical Real-World Approach
The EE Compendium
The Home of Electronic Engineering and Embedded Systems Programming
Home
Microcontrollers
Atmel AVR
Intel 8051
8051 Books
8051 Compilers
Freescale 6805
Freescale 68HC11
HC11 Books
HC11 Compilers
Freescale 68HC12
HC12 Books
Microchip PIC
PIC Books
PIC Compilers
Rabbit
More Micros...
Microcontroller News
Projects
LCD Project
LEGO Mindstorms
MAX7219
MP3 Projects
PC Parallel Port
Project Kits
Robotics Kits
Xicor SPI Memory
Resources
Software
Software Development
Code Cache
Compilers
Magazines
Hardware
Books
CAD / CAE
Components
Distributors
Magazines
Simulation
Test Equipment
Development Tools
Hotsheets
Crystals & Oscillators
Mechanicals
Optoelectronics
Passives
Semiconductors
Career
Consultants
Forums
Free Stuff
Fun Stuff
Home Automation
Magazines
Portals
Project Management
Product Reviews
Robotics
Other Links
Books
Hardware
Microcontrollers
8051 Books
HC11 Books
HC12 Books
PIC Books
Embedded Systems
Project Books
Robotics
Software Development
Magazines
News
Business
Careers
Embedded Systems
Microcontrollers
The EE Compendium Terms and Conditions
Your use of our Internet sites or any of the products or services offered on our sites (collectively, the "Services")
is subject to these Terms of Use (these "Terms"). We may modify these Terms at any time without notice to you by posting revised Terms on our site. Your use of this site constitutes your binding acceptance of these Terms, including any modifications that we make. By viewing or accessing The EE Compendium, you expressly agree to the following term and conditions detailed below:
This web site is copyright by The EE Compendium. All rights reserved. No part of The EE Compendium may be reproduced in any way, or by any means, without the prior written permission of The EE Compendium.
Although The EE Compendium attempts to ensure that all information contained on this website is correct and complete, we accept no liability for errors or omissions, and reserve the right to change or alter the content of the site at anytime.
Neither The EE Compendium, any third party content provider, nor their respective agents shall be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages arising out of the use of or inability to use the site, even if such party has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
The EE Compendium does not make any warranty that the website is free from infection from viruses; nor does any provider of content to the site or their respective agents make any warranty as to the results to be obtained from use of the site.
The EE Compendium includes a combination of content that we create and that our partners create. All content on this web site is copyrighted as a collective work of The EE Compendium pursuant to applicable copyright law. This content is intended for your personal, noncommercial use and not for resale or other transfer or disposition to any other person or entity. All materials published on our site is protected by our copyrights or trademarks or those of our partners.
In addition, the names, images and other indicia identifying our products and services are our proprietary marks. All other copyrights, trademarks and other intellectual property rights referred to in this website belong to their respective owners.
This website may contain links to other websites which are independent of this website. The EE Compendium makes no representation or warranty as to the accuracy, reliability, availability, value, integrity, completeness or authenticity of the information, content or opinions contained in any such linked website. These links may lead to sites or links that contain offensive and objectionable content or which may contain computer viruses. You assume the risk, and we hereby disclaim all responsibility, for any of the content on these sites or for any damage sustained by users of these sites.
The EE Compendium's privacy policy is applicable only when you are on our website. Once you choose to visit another website, you should read that website's privacy policy before disclosing any personal information. The EE Compendium is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such sites and the existence of any link to another website shall not in any manner be construed as an endorsement by us of that website or of the products or services described therein.
The EE Compendium respects the intellectual property of others. If you believe that any material on this website infringes on any copyright which you own or control, or that any link on this website directs you to another website that contains material that infringes on any copyright which you own or control, please contact us.
The software available for downloading through The EE Compendium is provided by third party software vendors pursuant to license agreements or other arrangements between such vendors and the end user. The EE Compendium does not sell, resell, or license any of the Software, and The EE Compendium disclaims any responsibility for or liability related to the software. Any questions, complaints or claims related to the software should be directed to the appropriate vendor.
The EE Compendium makes no representations or warranties of any kind concerning the quality, safety or suitability of any software, either express or implied, including without limitation any implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement.
There are inherent dangers in the use of any software available for downloading on the Internet, and The EE Compendium cautions you to make sure that you completely understand the potential risks before downloading any of the software. You are solely responsible for adequate protection and backup of the data and equipment used in connection with any of the software, and The EE Compendium will not be liable for any damages that you may suffer in connection with using, modifying or distributing any of the software.
The products featured on this site are collected from a number of online merchants, chosen for their wide selection, fair prices, easy ordering, and excellent customer service. The EE Compendium is not responsible for stocking products, handling your payment, shipping products to you, or providing customer service for these third-party products. If you have a question about your order, please contact the appropriate merchant's customer service department.
Most of the products and advertisements listed on The EE Compendium are through an affiliate relationship with the online merchant, in which The EE Compendium may be compensated.
The Latest News
Electronic Engineering News, September 2013 – 09-16-2013
MAX3172X Low-Power Temperature Sensors – 05-21-2013
Electronic Engineering News, March 2013 – 03-30-2013
Electronic Engineering News, February 2013 – 02-27-2013
Learn Arduino – 08-27-2012
New Microchip PIC16F178X Offer Cost-Effective Analog and Digital Functions – 06-26-2012
Draw Schematics Online With DrawSCH – 06-29-2011
Embedded Software Consulting - Key to Your Success! – 01-18-2011
Free Electronic CAD Tools – 11-08-2010
I2C Analyzer - Monitor and Control I2C Bus – 10-25-2010
Tweets by @eecompendium
The EE Compendium
The EE Compendium is a resource for the working electronics engineer, with book and tool recommendations, microcontroller information, electronic project notes, source code, and industry links.
Site Information
About This Site
Advertise
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
What's New?
Sponsors
Copyright © 1995-2017 by The EE Compendium · All Rights Reserved