https://eel.world/legal-and-privacy/
Subscribe
Subscribe
Keep up to date with our latest equipment and news.
First Name
Last Name
Email
Areas of Interest
Geophysical & Seismic Equipment Hire
Geotechnical Equipment Hire
Industrial Compressor Hire
EEL will use the information you provide on this form to keep in touch with you regarding any enquiry you have relating to any of our products or services, and to now and then provide relevant updates via email. Please tick the consent check box if you are happy for us to use your information in this manner, if not please contact us via Telephone +44 1502 714822
You can change your mind at any time by by contacting us. For more information, view our Privacy Policy.
Consent
*
I agree to the above.
SUBSCRIBE
If you are human, leave this field blank.
EEL
Legal
This website is owned by EEL. Our registered office and contact address is London Road, Beccles, Suffolk, NR34 8TS, UK.
Terms:
The material in the Website is copyright EEL or our content and technology providers. You are welcome to view, print and download the contents of the Website for personal use, but not for any commercial purposes or re-publication without EEL’s written agreement.
From time to time this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the websites. We have no responsibility for the content of linked websites.
Privacy
Cookies
The only cookies in use on our website are for Google Analytics. Google Analytics uses first-party cookies to track visitor interactions, and collect information about how visitors use and engage with our website. We then use the information to compile reports and to help us improve our website.
We may collect information about your computer, including your IP address, operating system and browser to create reports. This is statistical data about our users’ browsing actions and patterns. We will never (and will not allow any third party to) track or collect any personally identifiable information of visitors to our site.
Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive. These cookies are used to store information, such as the time that the current visit occurred, whether the visitor has been to the site before and what site referred the visitor to the web page.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics collects information anonymously. It reports website trends without identifying individual visitors. You can opt out of Google Analytics without affecting how you visit our site – for more information on opting out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites you use, visit this Google page.
Marketing & Email Services
We use MailChimp as our marketing automation platform. By clicking below to submit this form, you acknowledge that the information you provide will be transferred to MailChimp for processing in accordance with their Privacy Policy and Terms.
Other Pages
Home
Equipment Hire
About Us
News & Events
Contact
This website uses cookies. By continuing to use the site we'll assume that it's ok. Find out more.