https://ei.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Search for:
Home | News and Updates | Find an Expert Economist | Home / Privacy PolicyECONOMISTS, INC.Privacy PolicyEffective/Updated as of October 1, 2018Economists Incorporated (EI) is committed to protecting the privacy of certain data that is collected from you and that you submit when you access this website (the “Site”). The nature of our business requires that we gather and maintain information that is of a personal nature that you wish to keep protected.This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes our policies and practices regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information you submit or we obtain in connection with your use of this Site.  This Privacy Policy governs your use of this Site and by accessing or visiting the Site you are indicating your understanding that the collection, use, and sharing of your information is subject to this Privacy.  Please read this Policy carefully before using the Site or submitting information to us.Changes to this Policy. We reserve the right to change this Policy at any time. Changes will be effective immediately upon posting to the Site and will apply to your use of the Site after the “effective date” listed above.  You understand and agree that your continued use of the Site after the effective date, means that the collection, use, and sharing of your information is subject to the updated Policy.Except to the extent we receive your authorization or as permitted or required by applicable law, we will handle your personal information in accordance with the terms of the Policy in effect at the time of the collection.Information We Collect. As you are probably aware, we may collect information from a variety of sources to operate the Site, carry out our business, comply with the law and other purposes described herein.Information You Provide.  You may provide data in the following instances.Contacting us. To do so, you may provide information including the following:Your nameEmail AddressCompanyPhoneMessageSubscribing to our newsletter. To do so, you may provide information including the following:Your nameEmail AddressRequesting a brochure. To do so, you may provide information including the following:Your nameEmail AddressCompanyPhone numberArea of expertiseApplying for a job or uploading a resume or CV.  To do so, you may provide information including the following:NameAddressEmail addressPhone numberOther information contained in your resume, CV, or cover letterDesired officeYou do not have to provide the above information to access or use other sections of the Site.Information From Third Parties.  We may collect information about you from third party sources that are lawfully entitled to share your information with us. We use and share this information (and may add it to the other information we have on file for you) for the purposes described in this Policy.Statistical Data.  To monitor utilization of the Site and continuously improve its quality, we may compile statistical information concerning the usage of the Site using analytics services, such as those provide by Google Analytics. Examples of this information would include: the number of visitors to the Site, or to sections or pages within the Site, patterns of traffic flowing through the Site, length of time spent on the Site, or in sections or pages of the Site, the other sites that refer visitors to the Site, the pages of the Site that visitors frequently use as entry and exit points, utilization of the browser and operating systems and versions used by visitors to the Site. The analytics services may transfer this information to third parties in case of a legal obligation or if a third party processes information on behalf of that service. To compile this information, we may collect and store:Your IP addressYour operating system versionYour browser versionThe pages you visit within the SiteThe length of time you spend on pages within the SiteThe site from which you linked to oursSearch terms you used in search engines which resulted in you linking to the Site, etc.While all of this information can be associated with the IP address your computer had while you visited the Site, it will not be associated with you as an individual, or associated with any other information you may submit through the Site, or that we may store about you for any other purposes. While your IP address may be used to verify your submission, in no event will your IP address be stored or otherwise used by EI.Cookies and Similar Technology.  We use technologies such as cookies, pixel tags, browser analysis tools, server logs and web beacons to recognize you when you return to the Site and to help us improve the quality of our service when you visit our Site.IMPORTANT: By using the Site, you consent to the processing of any information for the analytics purposes and functions described above.How We Use Your Information. In general, we will use the information we collect about you only for the purpose it was collected, for compatible purposes, as permitted or required by law, as necessary to carry out our contractual duties and obligations, and as otherwise provided in this Policy. For example, we may use your information to:Communicate with you.  We will send you messages about the availability of our Site, security, or other service-related issues. Please be aware that you cannot opt-out of receiving service messages from us, including security and legal notices.Process your job application.For our research and development efforts.  We use information, including public feedback, to conduct research and for the development of the Site and the services and products we provide to you.For other everyday business purposes. By way of example, payment processing and financial account management, product development, contract management, IT and website administration, fulfillment, analytics, fraud prevention, corporate governance, reporting and legal compliance.Provide you with services, or information you have requested. This might include e-mailing you newsletters, our RSS feed, or providing you with information you have requested.Market our products or services that we think may be of interest to you. For example, to send you newsletters and promotions using any communications preferences you have expressed. We may provide these communications via email, postal mail, online advertising, social media and other means.Ensure your Information is accurate and to personalize our products and services. For example, we may aggregate your information with data from third-party sources for purposes of keeping information up to date. We also rely on information from third parties in order to provide better, more personalized service. If you connect your social media services or other accounts to our services, we may use this information to make your experiences with us more personal and social, or share and use it as described elsewhere in this Policy.IF YOU RESIDE OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES, YOU CONSENT TO HAVING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION TRANSFERRED TO AND PROCESSED IN THE UNITED STATES. Disclosure of Information. In general, we will not disclose your data except with your consent and as described in this Policy. We may disclosure your personal information for the same reasons that we may use it as described in this Policy, which includes disclosing it to our affiliates and non-affiliated entities, as we deem necessary to carry out those purposes.Third Party Vendors.  We may need to use or disclose this information with our third party vendors:With your consent or as you direct;To manage the Site;To process requests for products and services;To provide you with products, services, or offers;To engage in marketing activities, such as sharing information with our partners to deliver advertisements to our shared customers;To enhance our services by, among other methods, obtaining assistance with providing more personalized services to you through analytics and other technologies;To protect our interests and legal rights, such as through responding to subpoenas and defending litigation; andTo protect against and prevent fraud, illegal activity (such as identifying and responding to incidents of hacking or misuse of our websites and mobile applications), and claims and other liabilities.We endeavor to choose affiliates and non-affiliates with similar standards to ours regarding the protection of information.Legal Process, Security, Defense, Protection.  It is possible that we will need to disclose information about you if required by law, subpoena, or other legal process.  Additionally, we may disclose information about you if we have a good faith belief that disclosure is reasonably necessary to:demonstrate our relationship with you;investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities or to assist law enforcement agencies;protect the security or integrity of the Site;investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party allegations or claims; orprotect the rights and safety of others.Change in Control or Sale.  We can share, sell, assign, or license your personal data in connection with certain business transactions, such as a sale, acquisitions, merger, or change in control, or in preparation for any of these events. In such cases, we will take appropriate steps under the circumstances and to the extent possible to ensure that the recipient agrees to provide privacy protections substantially similar to those established by this Policy.  Any entity that acquires all or substantially all of the Company’s assets will have the right to continue using your information consistent with this Policy or as otherwise agreed to by you.In no case will we sell or license your data to third parties, except as set forth above or as required or permitted by law.Safeguarding of Information. No system for safeguarding personal or other information is 100% secure and even though we have taken steps to protect your information on from being intercepted, accessed, used or disclosed by unauthorized persons, we cannot fully eliminate security risks associated with information.  However, we take a number of steps to safeguard the security of information obtained through the Site. For example, we have has implemented a security program that contains administrative, technical and physical controls that are designed to reasonably safeguard your information from unlawful use, unauthorized access or disclosure.  There is no guarantee that information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our administrative, physical, or technical safeguards. Additionally, we use Secure Socket Layer (SSL) data encryption when data is transmitted over the Internet to our Site.Do Not Track.  “Do Not Track” is a privacy preference that you can set in your Internet search browser that sends a signal to a website that you do not want the website operator to track certain browsing information about you.  However, because our Site is not configured to detect Do Not Track signals from a user’s computer, we are unable to respond to Do Not Track requests.Links to Third Parties’ Sites.  We may provide links to websites or resources outside of our Site for your informational purposes only.  You acknowledge and agree we are not responsible for the availability of such sites or resources, and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, goods, services or other materials on, available through or provided by such sites or resources.  We are not responsible for the privacy or other practices of such sites and cannot guarantee the security of any of your information that you provide or is collected by such sites.  We encourage you to review the privacy policies and terms and conditions on those linked sites.Information of Children. The Site is not directed to children as the products and services on this Site are intended for persons 13 years of age and older. The Company does not knowingly collect, use or disclose any information from children. If you are concerned about your child’s use of the Site, you may use web-filtering technology to supervise or limit access to the Site.Applicable law. This Policy is governed by the internal substantive laws of Washington, D.C., without regard to its conflict of laws principles. Jurisdiction for any claims arising under or out of this Privacy Policy shall lie exclusively with the state and federal courts within Washington, D.C. If any provision of this Policy is found to be invalid by a court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this Policy, which shall remain in full force and effect.California Residents.  If you are a California resident, please read the following:California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information by certain members of the Company to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. Requests may be made one time per calendar year. If applicable, this information would include the categories of customer information and the names and addresses of those businesses with which we shared customer information for the immediately prior calendar year (e.g., requests made in 2018 will receive information regarding 2017 sharing activities). You may submit your request using the contact information at the end of this Policy.If you are a California resident under the age of 18, and a registered user of any site where this policy is posted, California law permits you to request and obtain removal of content or information you have publicly posted. You may submit your request using the contact information at the end of this Policy. Please be aware that such a request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information you have posted and that there may be circumstances in which the law does not require or allow removal even if requested.IF YOU RESIDE OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES, YOU CONSENT TO HAVING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION TRANSFERRED TO AND PROCESSED IN THE UNITED STATES. Your Choices Regarding Your Information.  You can always limit the information you provide to us, but if you choose not to provide certain requested information, you may be unable to access some of the services, offers, and content on the Site.  You will not receive communications from us unless you sign up for them. Once you have signed up, you can unsubscribe through the email that you receive by clicking unsubscribe or you can send an email to info@ei.com.Please note that even if you opt-out of promotional communications, we may still need to contact you with important transactional data about your account.  For example, notification of changes. You also have choices regarding the access, modification, or deletion of your information.How to Contact Us. If you have any questions regarding this Policy, your privacy, or our policies in the event of a compromise of your information, you may contact us at:Economists IncorporatedBD Manager/Privacy2121 K Street, NWSuite 1100Washington, DC 20037(202) 223-4700info@ei.comWe’re experts across a range of areas. Read about our expertise. Select an Area of ExpertiseAntitrustAsia PracticeAuctionsClass CertificationCompetition Policy and Legal ReformDamages AnalysisEconomic StudiesEnvironmentHealth Care IndustryIntellectual PropertyInternational TradeLabor and Employment LitigationLabor and Employment Monitoring and AuditsManagement ConsultingMerger AnalysisRegulationRisk ManagementTransfer Pricing
Find an Expert EconomistKeep informed:Name
First
Last Email*