https://energystorage.org/policies-issues/esa-policy-statements/
Policies & IssuesESA Policy StatementsPositions that broadly represent energy storage industry interestsBecome a Member
The energy industry is shifting fundamentally, and energy storage is at the epicenter of this change.  To open and accelerate markets we encourage policies in place to allow energy storage to participate in the market, be compensated for the values it contributes to the grid, and hold open the opportunities for diverse ownership and operational stakeholders. With its members, ESA has developed a set of policy statements and issue briefs that support its mission and hold true to its core principles.
ESA Issue Briefs and Working Group Policy Positions
Issue BriefsWorking Group Policy PositionsSeptember 25, 2020Policy Position on Dual-use Energy Storage Serving Both Transmission and Energy Market Services FunctionsIn this document, the U.S. Energy Storage Association (ESA) outlines its official principles and policy positions regarding dual-use energy storage resources serving both a transmission function, also known as “storage-as-transmission” [...]Read More December 20, 2019Policy Statement: Multiple UseIn this document, the Energy Storage Association (ESA) outlines its official principles and policy positions regarding energy storage resources serving a combination of services, also known as “multiple use.” ESA’s [...]Read More December 20, 2019Policy Statement: Storage as TransmissionIn this document, the Energy Storage Association (ESA) outlines its official principles and policy positions regarding energy storage resources serving a transmission function, also known as “storage-as-transmission.” ESA’s principles reflect [...]Read More
Get the latest energy storage news in your inbox
July 16, 2019Capacity Value of Energy Storage in PJM - Policy BriefFERC Order 841 requires regional electric market operators to enable the use of energy storage on the grid to provide services for which it is technically capable. One of these [...]Read More April 15, 2019Overview of FERC Order 841The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) issued its landmark, unanimous, bipartisan Order 841 on February 15, 2018, in which it directed regional grid operators to remove barriers to the participation [...]Read More February 26, 2019Farm Bill Opens Opportunities for Energy Storage in Rural Energy ProgramsThe Farm Bill makes energy storage eligible for existing financing programs administered by the US Department of Agriculture that support clean energy projects in rural communities, particularly farms and small businesses. [...]Read More January 01, 2019Policy Statement: C&I Rate DesignESA developed this policy position over the course of 2018, with input from a diverse set of our membership. In this document, ESA outlines its official principles and policy positions [...]Read More January 01, 2019Policy Statement: Ownership & CompetitionESA developed this policy position over the course of 2018, with input from a diverse set of our membership. In this document, ESA outlines its official principles and policy positions [...]Read More March 09, 2018Energy Storage Tax Incentive and Deployment Act of 2017 (S. 1868 / H.R. 4649) Senators Heller and Heinrich / Representatives Costello and DoyleUnder current law, energy storage can only qualify for the investment tax credit (ITC) when integrated with ITC-eligible solar resources under a narrow set of conditions and subject to recapture [...]Read More January 05, 2014Master Limited Partnerships (MLP) and Energy Storage OverviewBipartisan and bicameral legislation opening up Master Limited Partnerships (MLP’s) to include energy storage was recently reintroduced in the House (H.R. 1696) and Senate (S. 795). This bill would provide [...]Read More 1
2
»
Become a Member
Join ESA - the National Network of Energy Storage Stakeholders
Learn More About Membership
© 2020 Energy Storage Association, All rights reserved.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
X
Access Top Energy Storage Leaders in ESA's eMarketplace
Learn More