https://energystorage.org/policies-issues/states/
Policies & IssuesStatesESA is engaging with state commissions, legislatures and governor’s offices to open up the storage marketBecome a Member
State legislatures and regulators have been the key drivers
of energy storage policy over the past several years, with energy policies and
decisions related to our local electric power distribution systems are
primarily made by state legislators and regulators.
ESA’s policy team, with the help of our members and allies
on the ground, are engaging with state commissions, legislatures and governor’s
offices to open up the storage market.
Our state policy advocacy aims to achieve the following
policy objectives:
Develop comprehensive cost-benefit studies that
quantify the value of energy storage in the specific state context Spur deployment targets to complement state
policy objectives and that are aligned with scenarios modeled in cost-benefit
studies Create incentive programs that drive deployment
of behind-the-meter storage and drive down state specific soft costs Establish regulatory guidance on storage for
utility planning processes, including distribution, integrated resource plans
and transmission planning Advance business model innovation for storage through
regulatory reforms that allow multiple use applications
Click to view ESA’s filings with state governments.
Become a Member
Join ESA - the National Network of Energy Storage Stakeholders
Learn More About Membership
© 2020 Energy Storage Association, All rights reserved.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
X
Access Top Energy Storage Leaders in ESA's eMarketplace
Learn More