https://energystorage.org/about-esa/terms-and-conditions/
About ESATerms and ConditionsBecome a Member
Terms of Use
Welcome to Energy Storage Association’s (ESA) website. The following
terms and conditions govern your use of this site. By accessing,
viewing, or using the material on this site, you agree to be bound by
these terms and conditions. If you do not agree to these terms and
conditions, you are not granted permission to use the site and should
exit immediately.
ESA reserves the right to change the terms and conditions under which
this site is offered. These changes are effective immediately upon
posting. You are responsible for regularly reviewing these terms and
conditions. Your continued use of this site constitutes your agreement
to all such terms and conditions.
Copyright
This site and all of its content are protected by copyright pursuant to
U.S. and international copyright laws. Unless otherwise noted in a
specific location on this site, you may not copy or download any of the
material contained on this site in whole or in part without the express
authorization of ESA. On pages of this site where permission is given to
copy or download material, you may only do so provided that: (1) the
user includes ESA’s copyright notice on all copies, and (2) the
materials are not used in any unlawful, misleading or inappropriate
manner. You may not use the ESA website in any manner which could
damage, disable, overburden, or impair ESA website or interfere with any
other party’s use and enjoyment of the ESA website. You may not
publish, modify, transmit, reproduce, create new works from, distribute,
sell, loan, nor in anyway exploit any of the material contained on this
site in whole or in part, including such material permitted to be
copied or downloaded, without the express authorization of ESA.
ESA NEITHER WARRANTS OR REPRESENTS THAT YOUR USE OF THE MATERIAL
DISPLAYED ON THE ESA SITE WILL NOT INFRINGE RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES.
Trademark
Except as otherwise indicated, ESA owns all trademarks, service marks,
certification marks, and logos featured on this site, including the
terms “ESA” and the “Energy Storage Association.” Use of these marks
without the express written permission of ESA is expressly prohibited.
Elements of ESA’s website are also protected by trade dress, trademark,
unfair competition, and other laws and shall not be copied or imitated
in whole or in part. No logo, sound or image from the site may be copied
or transmitted unless expressly permitted by ESA.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify and hold ESA, its officers, members, and
employees harmless from any claims, demands, or damages, including
attorney fees, asserted by any third party due to or arising out of your
use of or conduct on the site.
DO NOT PROVIDE YOUR ACCOUNT ACCESS FOR ESA’S WEBSITE TO ANY PARTY THAT
SHOULD NOT BE AUTHORIZED TO VIEW ALL INFORMATION YOU HAVE SUBMITTED TO
ESA.
Disclaimer of Warranty and Liability
ESA MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE RELIABILITY, ACCURACY,
SUITABILITY, OR LACK OF VIRUSES FOR THE INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS,
SERVICES AND RELATED GRAPHICS CONTAINED IN THE SITE. ALL INFORMATION,
SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, SERVICES AND RELATED GRAPHICS ARE PROVIDED “AS IS”
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.
ESA SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
CONSEQUENTIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST
REVENUES OR LOST PROFITS, WHICH MAY RESULT FROM THE USE OF, ACCESS TO,
OR INABILITY TO USE THESE MATERIALS. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL THE
TOTAL LIABILITY OF ESA TO YOU BASED ON ANY CAUSE OF ACTION EXCEED $100.
Privacy Policy
ESA has a Privacy Policy Statement that describes the information that
we collect about visitors, and how this information is used. Click here
to view ESA’s Privacy Policy,
which is incorporated by reference, as if set forth fully herein. ESA’s
performance under this agreement is subject to existing laws and legal
proceedings, and nothing in this agreement is in derogation of ESA’s
right to comply with government, court or law enforcement requests or
requirements relating to your use of the site or to information
collected by ESA with respect to such use.
Links to Third Party Sites
These sites may contain links to third party web sites (“linked
sites”). The linked sites are not under the control of ESA. ESA is not
responsible for the content of any linked site and makes no
representations regarding the content or appropriateness of content on
such sites. ESA is not responsible in any manner for damage or loss
caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with the use of or
reliance on any content, advertising, services, products or other
material on or available from such sites. ESA does not promote, endorse
or have any affiliation with any other linked site or linked site owner
unless expressly stated in ESA’s site. When you access a linked site
from this site, you leave this site and you do so at your own risk. You
are responsible for viewing and complying with the terms and conditions
of use posted on the linked site.
Any commercial transactions or business activities between you and
third parties (including advertisers) included in the site are solely
between you and the third party and ESA shall not be responsible or
liable for any part of such dealings or promotions.
Third-Party Web Sites Seeking to Link with ESA’s Site
You may link to ESA’s site, provided that you comply with the following restrictions:
You do not reproduce ESA’s website content without permission.
You do not create a browser or border environment around the ESA content.
You do not imply that ESA is endorsing your site or your products.
You do not misrepresent your relationship with ESA, its members, Leadership Circle, or Directors.
You do not present false information about ESA, its activities, or its members.
You do not display the ESA’s name, logo, trademark, or other identifier on your site without ESA’s permission.
You do not remove, conceal, or obliterate any copyright or other proprietary notice, source identifier, or credit line.
You do not link from a web site that could be construed as distasteful
or offensive, obscene, defamatory, libelous, misleading, or is being
used for illegal purposes.
You do not link from a web site that infringes upon any intellectual property or other right of any entity or person.
If, in the opinion of ESA, you violate any of these restrictions, you agree to immediately remove ESA’s link from your site.
Force Majeure
You agree that ESA will not be liable for any loss resulting from a
cause over which ESA does not have direct control, including but not
limited to the failure of electronic or mechanical equipment,
communication lines, telephone or other interconnect problems, computer
viruses, unauthorized access, theft, operator errors, severe weather,
natural disasters, strikes, wars, or government/judicial restrictions.
Legal Advice
Nothing contained in this site is intended as, nor shall be construed
as legal advice, guidance, or interpretation. No attorney-client
relationship is established between ESA and you by your use of this
site. The information provided on this site is for general educational
purposes only and specific questions about any law, statute, or
regulation should be directed to an attorney with expertise in the area.
Governing Law (State of Maryland)
The terms and conditions for this site is governed by laws of the
United States and more specifically the laws of the State of Maryland.
Jurisdiction for any claims arising under these terms and conditions
shall lie exclusively with the state or federal courts within the State
of Maryland. By accessing, viewing, or using the material on this site,
you consent to the jurisdiction of the federal and local courts
presiding in the State of Maryland and agree to accept service of
process by mail and hereby waive any and all jurisdictional and venue
defenses otherwise available. ESA makes no representation that materials
on the site are appropriate for use in other countries and access to
them from countries where the content is illegal is prohibited. You are
responsible for complying with applicable local laws that regulate the
content of this site.
Access to Secure Areas
You agree that you will not attempt to access password protected and/or
secure areas of this site unless you are an authorized user. If you are
an authorized user, you agree not to assist third parties in obtaining
access to these areas without ESA’s approval.
Claims of Copyright Infringement
Anyone who believes that ESA has used their work on the site in a
manner that constitutes copyright infringement should send a notice to
the ESA’s legal representative at the address listed below. The notice
should contain the following information:
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of a work in question;
Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed;
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing and
information reasonably sufficient to permit ESA to locate the material;
The address, telephone number, and, if available, an e-mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted;
A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that
the use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by
the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and
under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to
act on behalf of the owner of the exclusive right that is allegedly
infringed.
Copyright infringement claims and notices should be sent to ESA by mail to: 1800 M ST., NW, #400S, Washington, D.C. 20036.
Language
It is the express will of the parties that this agreement and all related documents have been drawn up in English.
Miscellaneous
As a condition of your use of this site, you agree not to use the site
for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by this agreement.
Use of the site by you is unauthorized in any jurisdiction that does
not give effect to all provisions contained in this agreement.
You agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment, employment,
or agency relationship exists between you and ESA, as a result of this
agreement.
If any part of these terms and conditions is held to be invalid or
unenforceable for any reason including, but not limited to, the warranty
disclaimers and liability limitations specified above, then the invalid
or unenforceable provision will be deemed superseded by a valid
enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the
original provision and the remainder of the agreement will remain in
full force and effect.
A printed version of this agreement shall be admissible in judicial or
administrative proceedings based upon or relating to this agreement to
the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business
documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed
form.
These terms and conditions constitute the entire agreement between you
and ESA with respect to your use of the site. You acknowledge that, in
providing you access to and use of the site, ESA has relied on your
agreement to be legally bound by these terms and conditions.
Become a Member
Join ESA - the National Network of Energy Storage Stakeholders
Learn More About Membership
© 2020 Energy Storage Association, All rights reserved.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
X
Access Top Energy Storage Leaders in ESA's eMarketplace
Learn More