https://energystorage.org/policies-issues/states/states-in-the-spotlight/
Policies & Issues   |   StatesStates in the SpotlightESA works at the state regulatory and legislative level to drive deployment of energy storageBecome a Member
ESA is
actively working at the state regulatory and legislative level to drive
deployment of energy storage. Our policy efforts fall into three policy
categories: increase revenues, enhance competition, and ensure access. Below are examples of
state policy actions.
Policies to increase revenues available to
storage, such as by creating electricity markets and programs that reward
flexibility and establishing deployment targets & incentive programs.
Energy Storage Targets
California passed the first-in-the-nation storage target legislation in 2010 and today has a 1,825 MW target by 2020 through the work of the legislature and commission. New York’s governor, commission and legislature have worked collaboratively to develop a 1,500 MW by 2025 target and a 3,000 MW by 2030 target in 2018 Massachusetts’ legislature passed a 1,000 megawatt-hour storage target in 2018New Jersey’s legislature passed a 600 MW by 2021 and 2,000 MW by 2030 target in 2018. Nevada’s PUC issued an order stating storage targets are in the public interest in 2018 and a second phase has been kicked off to develop the target.
Incentive Programs
California’s
SGIP program initially spurred the behind-the-meter storage market with $400M
in investment and was extended by 5 years (with $166M/year) through SB 700.New York has
committed nearly $350M in incentives for both retail and bulk level storage. Massachusetts launched
the SMART program with a storage adder in 2018 and the state’s utilities
include an innovative energy storage program in their energy efficiency plans.
Cost-benefit Studies
Massachusetts, New York, Nevada, and North Carolina
have completed cost-benefit studies with robust modeling, while Virginia, New Jersey, and Colorado have ongoing cost-benefit
studies. The studies that have been completed all demonstrate a net benefit to
customers in various storage deployment scenarios.
Policies to enhance the competitiveness of
storage, such as by including storage in state and regional planning processes
and updating procurement evaluation methods.
Utility Planning Reform
Colorado passed legislation in 2018 calling for the state commission to review all utility planning rules to ensure consideration of energy storage procurement. The commission issued those rules in late 2018, incorporating storage into bulk system, transmission and distribution planning rules. Michigan, Arizona, Washington and New Mexico have issued orders or policy statements calling on the utilities to consider energy storage in their integrated resource plans. Arizona’s regulators placed a temporary moratorium on the construction of new natural gas plants over 150 MW until the state’s energy rules are reformed.
Policies to ensure grid & market access
for storage, such as through improving grid interconnection processes, codes
& standards, and multiple use functionality of storage.
Distribution Interconnection
Arizona, Nevada, California, New York, and Hawaii
have all revised their distribution interconnection rules to better reflect the
characteristics of energy storage systems. Michigan,
Maryland, Minnesota, North Carolina, and Colorado have ongoing stakeholder working groups to review
potential changes.
Multiple Use Application Frameworks
California and
New York lead the way with ongoing stakeholder working groups to
develop a set of policies and reforms to facilitate multiple services from the
same energy storage asset. Maryland’s legislature passed a storage pilot to test innovative regulatory approaches to facilitate multiple use and multiple ownership.
Become a Member
Join ESA - the National Network of Energy Storage Stakeholders
Learn More About Membership
© 2020 Energy Storage Association, All rights reserved.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
X
Access Top Energy Storage Leaders in ESA's eMarketplace
Learn More