https://energystorage.org/policies-issues/
Policies & IssuesEnsuring Value, Competition, & Access for Energy StorageBecome a Member
Opening and Accelerating Energy
Storage Markets
ESA’s policy
activities focus on three overarching goals to advance the U.S. market for the
full range of energy storage technologies:
Increase revenues available to storage, such as by creating electricity markets and programs that reward flexibility and establishing deployment targets & incentive programs;Enhance the competitiveness of storage, such as by including storage in state and regional planning processes and updating procurement evaluation methods; andEnsure grid & market access for storage, such as through improving grid interconnection processes, codes & standards, and multiple use functionality of storage.
In addition, ESA enagages on regulatory matters affecting the future market of the energy storage industry, including end-of-life processes, supply chain issues, and workforce development.
Policy in a BoxIs your company up to speed on the state-of-play in public policy? ESA can help. Accessible to ESA members only.
100x30: Enabling the Clean Power TransformationThis 100×30 paper depicts a path to 100 GW of new energy storage in the next decade.
Engaging
at All Levels of Government
ESA formulates public
policies to advance the energy storage industry and seeks their adoption
through advocacy to policymakers across state governments, the federal
government, and regional wholesale markets. Learn more about our specific
policy activities:
State policy engagementFederal policy engagementWholesale markets engagement
In addition, ESA
participates in advisory roles for national and international standards
development and public policy knoweldge sharing.
Pushing
Forward the Frontiers of Policy
Energy storage is a unique technology, and ESA is dedicated to pushing the boundaries of public policymaking with diverse perspectives to create ever more opportunities for the energy storage industry. ESA runs Policy Working Groups among select members to formulate official positions on a variety of cutting-edge topics—learn more about our Working Groups and how to get involved.
Become a Member
Join ESA - the National Network of Energy Storage Stakeholders
Learn More About Membership
© 2020 Energy Storage Association, All rights reserved.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
X
Access Top Energy Storage Leaders in ESA's eMarketplace
Learn More