https://energystorage.org/policies-issues/federal/
Policies & IssuesFederalMaking Storage a National PriorityBecome a Member
ESA directly advocates on behalf of the U.S. energy storage
industry to Congress and across federal agencies. Through educational
briefings, meetings with officials and legislators, and policy advice, ESA
seeks to make the U.S. energy storage industry a national priority.
In Congress, ESA works engages with the relevant committees
of jurisdiction (e.g., tax, energy, infrastructure, R&D) and Member offices
to support the introduction and advancement of legislation that unlocks greater
investment and hiring in the U.S. storage industry. In the Administration, ESA
engages with the White House and the Departments of Energy, Defense, Commerce,
Treasury, and other agencies as appropriate to enhance public investments in
energy storage innovation, deployment, and promotion.
ESA also works intensively with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, as part of our goal of accelerating opportunities in wholesale electric markets—see more in our Wholesale Markets and FERC activities.
Read ESA’s 2021 Policy Recommendations here.
Congressional PoliciesESA educates Members of Congress on energy storage technologies and the U.S. industry, building broad and bipartisan support for initiatives on storage to address a variety of public policy priorities.Learn MoreAdministration PoliciesESA engages with officials at the White House and across the Departments to educate on energy storage technologies markets
Learn More
Become a Member
Join ESA - the National Network of Energy Storage Stakeholders
Learn More About Membership
© 2020 Energy Storage Association, All rights reserved.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
X
Access Top Energy Storage Leaders in ESA's eMarketplace
Learn More