https://energystorage.org/policies-issues/federal/itc/
Policies & Issues   |   FederalFederal Focus: Investment Tax Credit (ITC)Make energy storage eligible for the stand-alone investment tax credit #StorageITCBecome a Member
ESA and a broad range of stakeholders support an Investment Tax Credit (ITC) that includes stand-alone energy storage technologies.
The bipartisan, bicameral, Energy Storage Tax Incentive and Deployment Act (S. 1142 & H.R. 2096) offers an ITC for stand-alone energy storage systems. An ITC will offset reductions and delays in market deployments in both the near- and medium-term due to COVID-19, protecting the expanding numbers of Americans employed in energy storage. ESA is advocating that Congress:
Make energy storage technologies eligible for the ITC under IRC Sec. 48 and 25D, with the option to elect “direct payment.” Since tax equity is likely to become scarce in the near term, due to economic consequences from the COVID-19 pandemic, an ITC should allow businesses to reduce reliance on costly and time-consuming tax equity transactions. The ITC for stand-alone energy storage should either be refundable or allow taxpayers to elect “direct payment” of the credit as tax already paid (as in Sec. 104 of the House Ways & Means GREEN Act discussion draft).
Allow regulated utilities to opt-out from normalization of a “direct pay” election of the ITC for energy storage. IRC Sec. 50 requires regulated utilities to normalize federal tax benefits over the lifetime of credited energy properties. Regulated utilities should be afforded an opt-out from normalization of any “direct payment” election of the ITC for energy storage, subject to approval by their respective state regulators (see H.R. 5409). Doing so can increase annual deployments of energy storage on the grid by an additional 10 percent.
See more resources and letters of support for passing a #StorageITC to support economic recovery from COVID-19:
“Impacts of COVID-19 on the Energy Storage Industry” (2-page PDF)Results from ESA’s April 10 Industry SurveyESA’s March 19 Memo on Short-Run Economic Stimulus Options for Congress
Voices of support for an ITC for stand-alone energy storage:
Sen. Gardner (R-CO), Sen. Collins (R-ME), & Sen. Heinrich (D-NM) July 2019 letter to Congressional leadership >>Joint clean energy industries April 2019 letter of support >> California state legislators Aug 2019 letter to Speaker Pelosi >>Massachusetts state legislators Sep 2019 letter to House Ways & Means Chair Neal >>Northeastern clean energy industries June 2019 letter of support >>National environmental organizations April 2019 letter of support >>Senate Democrats March 2019 letter to Minority Leader Schumer >>Letters of support in the Senate Finance Energy Task Force Aug 2019 report >>Joint faith-based organizations’ September 2019 letter of supportLetter from local and state officials nationwide in support of clean energy tax incentives
More information on storage ITC legislation:
Read a summary of the Energy Storage Tax Incentive and Deployment Act (S. 1142 / H.R. 2096) >> Examples of energy storage paired with diverse resources >>How energy storage contributes to greenhouse gas emissions reductions >>
Become a Member
Join ESA - the National Network of Energy Storage Stakeholders
Learn More About Membership
© 2020 Energy Storage Association, All rights reserved.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
X
Access Top Energy Storage Leaders in ESA's eMarketplace
Learn More