https://energystorage.org/policies-issues/federal/congress/
Policies & Issues   |   FederalCongressionalEducating Members and Supporting Legislation to Advance StorageBecome a Member
ESA educates Members of Congress on energy storage
technologies and the U.S. industry, building broad and bipartisan support for
initiatives on storage to address a variety of public policy priorities. ESA
advocates directly to Member offices on legislation affecting the future of the
storage industry, as well as mobilizing ESA members in outreach campaigns and
coordinating legislative endorsements with allied industries and other aligned
stakeholders.
ESA engages with the numerous committees of jurisdiction to
propose legislation and include storage topics in educational and oversight
hearings, including but not limited to:
Senate Finance / House Ways & Means – establishing a level playing field for energy storage with other tax-advantaged energy technologiesSenate Energy & Natural Resource / House Energy & Commerce / House Science, Space, & Technology – enhancing existing programs and developing new initiatives to drive storage technology innovation and deployment, including storage in energy infrastructure programs; sustain oversight of FERC and DOE activities on energy storageSenate Appropriations / House Appropriations – increasing and maintaining public investments in storage technology innovation and deploymentSenate Armed Services / House Armed Services – incorporating energy storage into mission assurance and installation energy procurementSenate Homeland Security & Governmental Affairs / House Homeland Security – incorporating energy storage into resilience and disaster efforts
Click to view ESA’s filings with the legislative and administrative branches of the federal government.
Become a Member
Join ESA - the National Network of Energy Storage Stakeholders
Learn More About Membership
© 2020 Energy Storage Association, All rights reserved.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
X
Access Top Energy Storage Leaders in ESA's eMarketplace
Learn More