https://energystorage.org/policies-issues/federal/administration/
Policies & Issues   |   FederalAdministrationCoordinating Storage Activities Across DepartmentsBecome a Member
ESA engages with officials at the White House and across the
Departments to educate on energy storage technologies markets and inform federal
activities promoting energy storage. Primary activities include:
Department of Energy – increasing public investments in storage research, development, and demonstration across the full suite of technologies and programs, including at the National Laboratories, oriented toward industry prioritiesDepartment of Commerce – promoting U.S. storage industry members to foreign governments and investors, addressing tariffs and other trade concernsDepartment of Treasury – informing IRS guidance on treatment of storage projects for tax credits, depreciation, and other mattersDepartment of Defense – incorporating storage into mission assurance efforts, focused on procurements for military installationsOffice of Science & Technology Policy – incorporating storage into White House policy priorities
ESA also undertakes significant engagement at the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission,—learn more about our work at FERC.
Click to view ESA’s filings with the legislative and administrative branches of the federal government.
Become a Member
Join ESA - the National Network of Energy Storage Stakeholders
Learn More About Membership
© 2020 Energy Storage Association, All rights reserved.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
X
Access Top Energy Storage Leaders in ESA's eMarketplace
Learn More