https://enneagramworldwide.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which The Narrative Enneagram (“TNE”) collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the www.EnneagramWorldwide.com website (“Site”). For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, “you” shall be understood to be synonymous with and equivalent to “User.” This Privacy Policy applies to the Site and all programs, products and services offered by TNE.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, place an order, sign up for a program, take an online test, subscribe to the newsletter, fill out a form, become a member, and/or in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. You may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card and/or other pertinent information. You may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from you only if you give clear affirmative consent by voluntarily submitting such information to us. You can refuse to supply personal identification information, except that it may prevent you from engaging in certain Site-related activities such as online program registration, taking an online test, buying a product or becoming a member.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about User’s means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance the User experience. Your web browser places cookies on your hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about you. You may choose to set your web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. You also may delete cookies from your hard drive at a later time. If you refuse or delete cookies, some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
TNE may collect and use Users’ personal information for the following purposes:
To personalize User experience: We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
To process payments: We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to service that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service. We may use the email address to send you information and updates pertaining to your order. It also may be used to respond to your inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. Outside parties do not have access to any User data except to the extent necessary to complete an online order, and they are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose.
To send periodic emails: We also use the information Users provide to send periodic emails about our programs, website updates, new materials and other items of interest. If at any time you would like to unsubscribefrom receiving future emails, we include an option to unsubscribe at the bottom of each email, or you may contact us at info@enneagramworldwide.comor via our contact page at www.enneagramworldwide.com/contact-us.
To analyze responses to online tests and/or surveys: We analyze responses to our online tests and/or surveys for research purposes only, and no individual identifying information is collected.
What rights you have over your data
If you have submitted your data using any form on our site, we will retain your information unless you request that we delete it. You also have the right to see what data we have collected and/or make updates or corrections. Contact us at info@enneagramworldwide.com.
Also, if you have taken the online test, you can log in with your email address and password at www.enneagramworldwide.com/login to view or update your profile. If you have trouble logging in, contact webmaster@enneagramworldwide.com.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site and on a secure remote database server. When a User enters information on our registration order or other forms, the private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures. However, no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we are concerned with protecting your privacy and data, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or guarantee that your information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed by breach of any of our industry-standard physical, technical or managerial safeguards. If we are informed of a data breach by one of our Data Processors, we will notify you without undue delay.
Sharing your personal information
TNE, its Board of Directors, Core Faculty, Staff and partner organizations do not sell, trade or rent Users’ personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding Users with our business partners and trusted affiliates for the purposes outlined above.
We may use third-party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have not opted out of being a subscriber. These third-party services have appropriate technical and organizational measures in place to ensure an appropriate level of security and data integrity, and will not sell, trade, rent, or share User information to any other party.
Third-party websites
Users may find advertising, marketing or other content on our Site that links to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers,sponsors, licensees and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be frequently changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.  If online privacy is a concern to you, we advise you to seek out and read privacy statements of any website you visit prior to disclosing any personal information or transacting any business.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
TNE has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage you to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
The Narrative Enneagram
PO Box 4114
Boulder, CO 80306-4114
866-241-6162
webmaster@enneagramworldwide.com
Revised November 29, 2018
MENU
The Enneagram
The Enneagram
The Narrative Tradition
Tour the Nine Types
1 The Perfectionist
4 The Romantic
7 The Epicure
2 The Giver
5 The Observer
8 The Protector
3 The Performer
6 The Loyal Skeptic
9 The Mediator
Enneagram Type Comparisons
Instinctual Subtypes
The Enneagram in Your Life
Relationships
Spirituality
Somatics
Therapy and Coaching
In the Workplace
Teaching the Enneagram
Lifelong Learning
Common Enneagram Questions
Test
Programs
Calendar
Programs Overview
Narrative Enneagram Core Program
Enneagram Intensive
Instincts and Subtypes
Deepening Spiritual Awareness
Enneagram Professional Training Program
The Typing Process
Narrative Enneagram Practitioners Track
Narrative Enneagram Teachers Track
Narrative Enneagram Learning Community
Workshops by Core Faculty
Find Enneagram Teachers/Practitioners
Scholarship Program
About Us
About Us
Donate
Our Blog
Co-founders
Core Faculty
Adjunct Faculty
TNE Board of Directors
Our Staff
Narrative Enneagram Worldwide Community
Find Enneagram Teachers/Practitioners
2019 Annual Report
FAQ
Contact
Store
Join