http://env-mgt.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Engineering, Mapping, Surveying, and Environmental Consulting Services (601) 544-3674Contact Us
With offices in Louisiana, Mississippi, Arkansas, and Alabama
MenuHome
About Us
Overview
Key Personnel
Credentials
Clients
Locations
Equipment
Why Choose Us
Services
Environmental Consulting
Environmental Assessments
Site Selection & Due Diligence
Plans and Permitting
Environmental Remediation
Waste Management
EH&S Auditing
Engineering & Surveying
Engineering
Land Surveying
Construction Administration
Litigation Support
Pipeline Industry Services
Operations, Maintenance & Monitoring (OM&M)
Sample Projects
Resources
Contact Us
Jobs
News
Home >> Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy
We respect your privacy. We want to make use of individual identifying information that you provide to us for informational purposes only. “Individual identifying information” is information that enables us to identify you, such as your email address, name, and address.  Our site uses the individual identifying information in order to fulfill your request for information.  Our site may also use your information to be able to selectively send you communications that may be of interest to you, either electronically or otherwise.
Our sites policy regarding use of your individual identifying information supplied to us or collected via your visit to our site covers these areas:
1. Notice and Disclosure
This Online Privacy Statement is made available to you in order to make you aware of how we collect and use individual identifying information of visitors to our site.
We collect the following (but not limited to) information regarding visitors to our website when receiving form results or requests for information: name, address, phone numbers, information regarding what pages are accessed, information volunteered by you, such as survey information, email address, site registrations, and your preferred means of communication.
We do not make individual identifying information available to third parties.  We use such information to contact people for our related purposes only.
Access to certain web pages may require a login and password.  The use of those web pages, and the information or programs downloadable from those sites is for authorized persons only. Your individual identifying information (such as IP number) may be retained to verify compliance with the agreement and to track usage from those pages, or track usage of other applications available on our site.
2. Data Security
We are committed to taking reasonable steps to protect the individual identifying information that you provide to us.
3. Use of Cookies
A cookie is a small data file that certain Web sites write to your hard drive when you visit them. A cookie file can contain information such as a user ID that the site uses to track the pages you’ve visited, but the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself.Depending on your use of this web site, certain information may be stored in a cookie in order to identify you and make your visit to this site personalized and more enjoyable.  This site reserves the right to implement further use of cookies without prior notice.
Search Our Site
Our Services
Environmental Consulting
Environmental Assessments
Site Selection & Due Diligence
Environmental Plans & Permitting
Environmental Remediation
Waste Management
Engineering & Surveying
Engineering Design
Land Surveys
Construction Administration & Support
Environmental Health & Safety Audits
Pipeline Industry Services
Operations, Maintenance & Monitoring (OM&M)
Locations
Our headquarters is in Hattiesburg, Mississippi, but we have offices in Mississippi, Louisiana, Alabama, and south Arkansas.  Our coverage enables us to provide cost-effective personnel and logistical support throughout the south-central United States and beyond thanks to our network of key partners and experience across the country.  View our locations.
Environmental Management Services Inc. Corporate Headquarters
P. O. Box 15369 7350 Hwy 98 (39402) Hattiesburg, MS 39404 Phone: (601) 544-3674 Fax: (601) 544-0504
VIEW OUR OTHER LOCATIONS
For Employees
Web mail Project Center
For Visitors
Privacy Statement
Terms of Use
Site Map
Social Media
Website design by Kathy Jacobs Design & Marketing, LLC