http://epsilonindustries.com/privacy-policy/
Epsilon Industries | The injection molding company
sales@epsilonindustries.com
3538 Dividend Dr. Garland TX 75042
Phone: 469-573-9566
Home
Need Parts Fast?
Services
Pricing
Company
Resources
Contact Us
Get Quote
Why Choose Epsilon?
Made in the USA
What this privacy policy covers
This policy covers how Epsilon Industries treats personal information that Epsilon collects and receives, including information related to your past use of Epsilon’s products and services. Personal information is information about you that is personally identifiable like your name, address, email address, or phone number, and that is not otherwise publicly available.
Information Collection and Use
Epsilon collects personal information when you contact Epsilon, when you sign up for Epsilon Update, and when you visit certian pages on the Epsilon site.
Epsilon may combine information collected about you with information collected by some of its wholly owned subsidiaries.
When you register we may ask for information such as your name, email address, zip code, occupation/industry, and your interest in Epsilon.
Once you register and sign in to our services, you are not anonymous to us.
Epsilon automatically receives and may record information on our server logs from your browser, including	your IP address, cookie information (on certian pages), and the pages you request.
Epsilon uses information for the following general purposes: to customize an individuals browsing experience (such as save preferences in a shopping cart, or viewing private data), to respond to requests for information or quotes, improve our services, Conduct research, and to contact you.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
Epsilon Industries does not rent, sell, lease, or share personal information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies except to provide products or services that you have requested or when we have your permission.
Confidentiality and Security
Epsilon limits access to personal information to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or to do their jobs.
Epsilon has physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect personal information about you.
Questions and Suggestions
If you have questions or suggestions, please contact us.
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Contact Us
Epsilon Industries can make all your injection molded parts from plastic part design to injection molding.
© 1998-2020 Epsilon Industries, Inc.. All rights reserved.   |    3538 Dividend Dr. Garland TX 75042
| Phone 469-573-9566