https://esact.org/terms-conditions/
Terms and Conditions
The following provisions govern the use of the ESACT Website by ESACT members, interested parties and visitors. Users agree to the following by entering this site:
Copyright
The entire contents and design of ESACT’s Website are protected under international and US copyrights. Posted material may be used freely for personal, research, scientific, and/or information purposes only. All images, coding and data within the ESACT web site are copyright ESACT. Images showing laboratory equipment are copyright of Max Planck Institute for Dynamics of Complex Technical Systems, Bioprocess Engineering Group, Udo Reichl, photographer S. Ehl and S. Döring. No data can be used from this site without the express permission of ESACT.
Warranty
WARRANTY LIMITATIONS. (i) ESACT IS PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF TITLE, OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE; (ii) THE USE OF ESACT IS AT YOUR OWN RISK; (iii) ACCESS TO ESACT MAY BE INTERRUPTED AND MAY NOT BE ERROR FREE; AND (iv) NEITHER ESACT, NOR ANYONE ELSE INVOLVED IN CREATING, PRODUCING OR DELIVERING ESACT OR THE MATERIALS CONTAINED THEREIN, SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE ESACT.
Privacy Policy
ESACT collects, manages and process your details itself.  We have a data protection regime in place to oversee the effective and secure processing of your personal data.
1. What information do we collect?
We will not collect any personal data from you that we do not need. The information we collect from ESACT members or participants of our activites may include name, business address, email address, telephone number, contact/invoice address, VAT number and any communication preferences.
Your areas of speciality
We may also ask you to indicate your areas of speciality. This is for ESACT information and interest only, and we may use it, for example, to invite you to a specific scientific activity of ESACT itself (meetings or courses) or provide you similar information of ESACT partners.
Surveys
We always aim to improve the services we offer. As a result, we occasionally canvass our customers using surveys. Participation in surveys is voluntary, and you are under no obligation to reply to any survey you might receive from us.
Payments
We do not handle payments and cannot store credit or debit card data. When you go to checkout (e.g. for your ESACT Membership), you will either be able to pay directly by bank transfer, or via an official authorised payment processing system (such as PayPal).
2. Why do we need your data?
The main purposes for which we collect and process your details are to
process any orders you make (such as event bookings or membership purchases)
provide the service or information you have requested (such as conference registration or abstract submission)
gather feedback.
3. What we would also like to do with your data
If you agree, we will email you with information about ESACT’s events, activities and memberships, and occasionally other related activities or information we think may be of interest to you.
Once you have provided your express consent for us to contact you on behalf of ESACT, or on behalf of other organisations, there are a number of methods available to you to change your preferences, like by
clicking the ‘unsubscribe’ link in any promotional email you receive from us
by contacting us at office@esact.org
4. How long do we store your data
Your personal profile will be deleted from our membership management system if your online account has been inactive for 3 years. Although your information may still be stored in archived materials.
We remind you that you have a right to have your personal information deleted at any time.
5. Sharing your data
For sending and managing our newsletters we use processors (Mailchimp). These have committed themselves to comply with the applicable data protection regulations. A contract processing contract was concluded in accordance with Art 28 DSGVO.
The data processing takes place on the basis of the legal regulations of the § 96 para 3 TKG as well as of Art 6 para 1 lit a DSGVO (consent).
We may share your personal data:
We may outsource certain functions when we do not have the in-house capacity required. In such cases (e.g. organisation of ESACT Meetings) we will only use reputable firms and have processes in place to ensure the safe and confidential processing of personal data.
We may also disclose personal information where required or otherwise permitted by law.
We will not share your data:
With third-party organisations for marketing purposes (unless you have specifically consented to this).
Outside of the EU, unless it is done in compliance with European data protection regulations.
Any personal data we share is transferred securely.
Information about data sharing specific to conference and event registration is available to view in the terms and conditions on the event booking page.
6. Accessing your data and your rights
You can access and manage your details via your profile page in your online account. Please help us to keep your information up to date by editing your profile if your personal information changes or if you wish to correct it. If you are unable to do this, please send any requests to correct or complete your personal data to office@esact.org.
You have a right to request the following:
a copy of the information that we hold about you
to have your personal data erased
to restrict the use of your personal data (i.e. allowing us to store your personal data but not use it)
to have your data provided in Excel/CSV format in order to transfer it to another organisation.
Please submit such requests to office@esact.org.
7. The website
Traffic patterns/site statistics
We may monitor customer traffic patterns, site usage and related site information in order to optimise your use of the site. We use a third-party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do not make any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website.
Links to third parties’ sites
Please note that we do provide links to other sites, which may not be governed by this Privacy Policy and you should view the privacy policy of those sites for further information.
Cookies
In addition to the Information which you supply to us, information and data may be automatically collected through the use of cookies. Cookies are small text files the Site can use to recognise repeat users and allow us to observe behaviour and compile aggregate data in order to improve the Site for you. For example, cookies will tell us whether you viewed the Site with sound or with text on your last visit. Cookies also allow us to count the number of unique and return visitors to our Site. Some of our associated companies may themselves use cookies on their own websites. We have no access to, or control of these cookies, should this occur.
If you do not wish to receive cookies from us or any other website, you can turn cookies off on your web browser: please follow your browser provider’s instruction in order to do so. Unfortunately, we cannot accept liability for any malfunctioning of your PC or its installed web browser as a result of any attempt to turn off cookies.
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.
8. Queries and complaints
We try to meet the highest standards when collecting and using personal information. For this reason, we take any complaints we receive about this very seriously.
We encourage people to bring it to our attention if they think that our collection or use of information is unfair, misleading or inappropriate. We would also welcome any suggestions for improving our procedures.
This privacy notice is intended as a brief and clear overview. We are happy to provide any additional information or explanation needed.
Complaints and enquiries about, or suggestions for improvements to, our data protection processes should be directed to office@esact.org.
9. Changes to this policy
We keep our privacy policy under regular review and we will place any updates on this webpage. This privacy policy was last updated on 24th May 2018.
10. How to contact us
Please contact us if you have any questions about our privacy policy or information we hold about you:
By email to office@esact.org.
Request for information Do you have questions? Do you need information on ESACT and our programs? Please feel free to contact us: office@esact.org
ESACT c/o SK Frankfurt
Zeilweg 42
60430 Frankfurt a. M.
Germany
Legal linksTerms & Conditions
Imprint
Contact us You need more information? Anything you’d like to tell us?
get in contact with us
Newsletter
Scroll to top