https://esassoc.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy | Environmental Science Associates Skip to contentWelcome to our site (“Site”). To better protect your privacy, this notice explains our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used by Environmental Science Associates (“ESA,” “we” or “us”).Our Collection and Use of InformationESA may collect, store and share personally identifiable information about persons who visit this Site and voluntarily submit information. ESA may also collect and store aggregate or anonymous information about user contact and Site use. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 18 years of age.We collect the following types of personally identifiable information through our Site about individuals who use or visit our Site:Information You Provide to UsSome of the information, functionality, offerings and/or communications available on or through the Site requires that you provide to us either online or by email your personally identifiable information. You can use the vast majority of the Site without divulging any personally identifiable information to us, and, when personally identifiable information is required or requested, you have the choice to provide this information or to restrict your usage of the Site to those sections that do not require this information.Employment ApplicationWhen applying for employment with ESA through our online application process or an employment agency working on our behalf, applicants are required to provide personally identifiable information including name and email address. The information you provide to us as part of your application will be used to route your application and resume to the correct hiring manager and to contact the references you provide. Resumes and applications will be kept on file indefinitely and will be reviewed periodically by ESA human resources (HR) staff members and hiring managers to determine your suitability for employment.Email ContactWhen you contact us by clicking on the email address of one of the persons listed on our site and sending an email, the email you send will contain your email address and may contain your name, telephone number or other information you provide. We will use this information to reply to your email and may store it and use it to contact you in the future.ESA SolutionsClients, vendors and subcontractors opting to use our secure collaborative web environments, ESA Solutions, supply ESA with personally identifiable information that include first and last names and email addresses. This contact data is stored in a secure location and is only shared with project team members.Technical SupportAccess to the ESA online technical support area at assistance@esassoc.com requires users to provide personally identifiable information including name, phone and email address. The personally identifiable information you provide to ESA when you submit a question to our Information Technology (IT) support staff is used to route your question to the support agent best able to provide you assistance and to associate your incident with your company and your incident history.Automatically Collected InformationOur Site automatically collects the following information related to each visit to the site.CookiesLike many web sites, our Site uses cookies—small text files stored on your computer by your browser. We use cookies so that the Site’s servers can recognize previous visitors and provide a more customized user experience. Accepting cookies on our Site does not give us access to any personal information you have not previously provided to us.Clear GIFsWe may employ “clear GIFs” (a.k.a. Web Beacons) which are used to track the online usage patterns of our users anonymously. In addition, we may also use clear GIFs in HTML-based emails sent to our users to track which emails are opened by recipients.Google AnalyticsThis website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies to help website operators analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.ESA uses the above information to detect and correct errors or problems with its Site, improve the Site’s information and usability, and determine which terms or keywords users use on search engines to find the Site so we can improve its visibility. ESA’s web server logs files and records log-in traffic that may contain personally identifiable information such as first and last names and email addresses when logging into our secure collaborative web environment, ESA Solutions.Information Collected From Third PartiesWe collect information from third-party service providers to help with fraud prevention, security, and network quality efforts. This may include information regarding your use of the Site.We may use the aggregate or anonymous information we collect about our users, traffic patterns, and related site information for outreach purposes, to better design and administer our Site and/or to share with reputable partners serving a similar mission.How We Share Your InformationWe will share your personal information with our affiliates, business partners, and third-party independent contractors for purposes of: (1) performing functions on behalf of ESA, such as contacting you regarding our services via email or postal mail; and (2) tracking information generated through the Site. Our partners and third-party independent contractors are obligated contractually not to use or share your personal information for unauthorized purposes.ESA also may disclose your personal information to comply with a court order, subpoena, search warrant, or other legal process; to comply with legal, regulatory or administrative requirements of any governmental authorities; to protect and defend ESA, its subsidiaries and affiliates, and their officers, directors, employees, attorneys, agents, contractors, and partners, in connection with any legal action, claim or dispute; to enforce the Terms and Conditions of Use of the Site; to prevent imminent physical harm; and in the event that we find that your actions on the Site violate any laws, our Terms and Conditions of Use, or any of our usage guidelines for specific products or services.Any communication or material you transmit to us by email, including any data, questions, ideas, testimonials, recommendations, suggestions, comments, or the like, may be published on our Site in areas where any user may view the information, and will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary.We reserve the right to transfer your personal information to a third party in the event of a transfer of all or substantially all of ESA’s assets, provided that the third party agrees to adhere to the terms of this privacy policy. In such transactions, user information, including personally identifiable information, generally is one of the transferred business assets, and by submitting your personal information on the Site you agree that your data may be transferred to such parties in these circumstances.Correcting Information or Opting-outIf you choose not to give us your personal information, you can still access the Site, however, you will not be able to access areas that require registration or personal information. You may ask us to correct any information about you that we retain by sending us a request marked: Privacy-Urgent; address as follows: info@esassoc.com. You may “opt out” of having your personal information shared for purposes of receiving product offers via email or postal mail, and from receiving product offers directly from us via email or postal mail, by providing to us written notice identifying which communications you choose not to receive by writing or emailing us at the address shown above. We are not responsible for removing your personal information from the lists of any third party who has previously been provided your information in accordance with this policy.SecurityWe are committed to taking reasonable steps to ensure the security of your personal information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, or alteration. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of information, we have put into place appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.Clients opting to use our secure collaborative web environments, ESA Solutions, supply ESA with personal information as described above. These are stored behind a firewall on a database running on a server that is in a secured physical location. Data is submitted using unique password protected user accounts via a Secured Sockets Layered (SSL) 128-bit encryption and is Secure Electronic Transaction compliant.Despite our reasonable efforts, these measures may not be completely effective against such risks, and by giving us your personal information, you accept such risks. If you feel we are not following this Privacy Policy or if you have any inquiries or complaints, you may send us e-mail at the below address, call us at the below telephone number, or write to us at the below address.ConsentBy using our Site, you consent to the collection, use, and storage of your personal and non-personal information as described in this policy.We may amend our Privacy Policy, but if we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on this page, so you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we may disclose it. For additional information about our privacy policy, please contact us at info@esassoc.com or write to us at: Environmental Science Associates550 Kearny St Ste 800San Francisco, CA 94108(415) 896-5900Effective Date and ChangesFrom time to time, ESA may use your information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change in the future we will post the policy changes to our Site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. We will not notify you through any other means. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Site periodically.This Privacy Policy is effective as of March 31, 2010. ESA reserves the right to modify the terms of this Privacy Policy at any time and in its sole discretion, by posting a change notice on this page. YOUR CONTINUED USE OF THE SITE FOLLOWING OUR POSTING OF A CHANGE NOTICE WILL CONSTITUTE BINDING ACCEPTANCE OF THOSE CHANGES.
STAY IN TOUCH >>  Sign up for our newsletter
Suggested EditName *FirstLastSuggested Edit Page Address *This should automatically match the page address/URL at the top of the browser.
If the 2 addresses don't match, please copy and past the top address here.Description of Suggested Edit *StatusCommentSEND
X
Scroll to Top