https://facetersguild.com/policies/
Columbia Willamette Faceters Guild
Turning Pretty Rocks into Pretty Awesome Gemstones
Home
Meetings
Events
Learn Faceting
How to Join
About CWFG
Contact
CWFG Forums
Policies
The Columbia Willamette Faceters Guild is a nonprofit organization located in Portland, Oregon and dedicated to the advancement of faceting gemstones through education.  This website has been established to further this goal by being a source of information and dialog.  As with other websites today, we have a number of policies designed to protect the guild and the persons and organizations who may access this website.
We Use Cookies
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.
Privacy Policy
You may give us personal information about you, such as your name, your contact email and other contact details on various places on our website. This privacy policy describes how we collect and use your personal information.
How and where we collect personal information:
electronic newsletters
discussion boards and forums
chats and blogs
forum user registration
How we use your personal information:
The information you give us is absolutely safe with us. We will never rent, sell, share or otherwise disclose your personal information to third parties. We might contact you from time to time regarding your services (like forums and announcement lists) you have subscribed to.
We may also send you promotional announcements from time to time about services that you might find useful.
You may also opt out from receiving information from us at any time and ask us to remove your contact information from our database.
Copyright Policy
Copyright © Columbia Willamette Faceters Guild 2017 All Rights Reserved
All files and information contained in this Website are copyright by the Columbia Willamette Faceters Guild, and may not be duplicated, copied, modified or adapted, in any way without our written permission. Our Website and Services may contain our service marks or trademarks as well as those of our affiliates or other companies, in the form of words, graphics, and logos.
Your use of our Website and services does not constitute any right or license for you to use our service marks or trademarks, without the prior written permission of Columbia Willamette Faceters Guild.
Our Content, as found within our Website and Services, is protected under United States and foreign copyrights. The copying, redistribution, use or publication by you of any such Content, is strictly prohibited. Your use of our Website and Services does not grant you any ownership rights to our Content.
Comments Policy
Comments are welcomed and encouraged on this site, but there are some instances where comments will be edited or deleted as follows:
Comments deemed to be spam or solely promotional in nature will be deleted. Including a link to relevant content is permitted, but comments should be relevant to the post topic.
Comments including profanity will be deleted.
Comments containing language or concepts that could be deemed offensive will be deleted. Note this may include abusive, threatening, pornographic, offensive, misleading or libelous language.
Comments that attack an individual directly will be deleted.
Comments that harass other posters will be deleted. Please be respectful toward other contributors.
Anonymous comments will be deleted. We only accept comment from posters who identify themselves.
The Columbia Willamette Faceters Guild reserves the right to edit or delete any comments submitted to the blog without notice. This comment policy is subject to change at any time. If you have any questions on the commenting policy, please let us know at our contact page.
Disclosure Policy
All the information on this website is published in good faith and for general information purpose only. We do not make any warranties about the completeness, reliability and accuracy of this information. Any action you take upon the information on our website is strictly at your own risk. and we will not be liable for any losses and damages in connection with the use of our website.
From our website, you can visit other websites by following hyperlinks to these sites. While we strive to provide only links to useful and ethical websites, we have no control over the content and nature of these sites and the links to other websites do not imply a recommendation for all the content found on these sites.
Please be also aware that when you leave our website, other sites may have different privacy policies and terms which are beyond our control.
Liability Policy
The Columbia Willamette Faceters Guild and its affiliates take no responsibility for the accuracy or validity of any claims or statements contained in the information, or related graphics of this site.
Further, the Columbia Willamette Faceters Guild makes no representations whatsoever about the suitability of any of the information contained in the information or graphics on this site for any purpose. All such information and related graphics are provided without warranty of any kind.
The Columbia Willamette Faceters Guild makes no representations whatsoever about any other Web site or third-party service which you may access through this site. When you access a non-Columbia Willamette Faceters Guild Web site or purchase services from a third-party, you understand and acknowledge that it is independent from the Columbia Willamette Faceters Guild, and that the  Columbia Willamette Faceters Guild. has no control over the content on any such Web site or services.
In addition, a link to a non-Columbia Willamette Faceters Guild Web site does not mean that the Columbia Willamette Faceters Guild endorses or accepts any responsibility for the content, or the use, of such Web site. It is your responsibility to take precautions to ensure that whatever you select for your use by you is free of such items such as viruses, worms, Trojan horses and other items of a destructive nature.
IN NO EVENT WILL THE Columbia Willamette Faceters Guild BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE INFORMATION AVAILABLE OR REFERRED TO ON THIS SITE.
Categories
Competition
Faceting Classes
Faceting Tips Tricks
FACETS
Gemology
Gemstone Faceting Designs
Gemstone Identification
Gemstone Photography
History
How To
Inclusions
Misc. Links
Polariscope
Sunstones
Tools and Techniques
Pages
How to Photograph Gemstones
History of CWFG
Learn Gemstone Faceting
CWFG Meetings
Events
Faceting Gemstone Links
CWFG Annual Gemstone Auction
CWFG Forums
Policies
CWFG Member Login
CWFG Edit Profile
CWFG Password Reset
Members-Only Stuff
Renew your membership here
How to Log In
FACETS Archive
Calendar
Thank You for Signing Up!
© 2009-2020 Columbia Willamette Faceters' Guild - All rights reserved -- PO Box 2136, Wilsonville, OR 97070
No content on this site may be reused in any fashion without written permission from Columbia Willamette Faceters' Guild (Just ask, we won't bite)
WordPress Admin
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy