https://falklandsconservation.com/privacy-policy/
FALKLANDS CONSERVATION
PRIVACY AND DATA PROTECTION POLICY
Falklands Conservation is a charity registered in England and Wales Charity No 1073859 and a company limited by guarantee in England and Wales – Registered Company number 03661322.
Registered office address:
2nd Floor, Regis House, 45 King William Street, London EC4R 9AN
UK Office contact details:
The Gatehouse. The Lodge, Sandy, Bedfordshire, SG19 2DL
Tel:  +44 (0)1767 693710
It is also registered as an overseas company in the Falkland Islands.
FI Head Office contact details:
Jubilee Villas, 41 Ross Road, Stanley, Falkland Islands, FIQQ 1ZZ
Tel:  +500 22247
Falklands Conservation is committed to protecting your privacy.  This statement explains our practices, including how we use your information and how you can update it or unsubscribe at any time.  We will only collect and use any information you give us in accordance with this statement.  Our relationship is built on the trust and loyalty of our supporters.  All personal data are stored in a safe and secure way and will not be kept for any longer than is required by law. If you have signed a gift aid declaration we do use the information you have provided to claim back gift aid from HMRC.  Your data are only used by us and those who work for us and are not shared with any third party outside of this apart from HMRC as explained. We will never give, sell or exchange your information with any other organisation.
Please contact us if you would like a copy of this privacy policy in print format on +44 (0)1767 673710 or email ukadmin@conservation.org.fk
The information we collect
We collect data you provide to us via our website, on paper or e-mail.  This includes information you give when joining or registering, placing an order or communicating with us.  For example:
– Personal details; name, address, phone numbers, email addresses and bank account or credit/debit card information (and, if a junior member or penguin adopter, your date of birth) when you join as a member, penguin adopter or supporter.
– Financial information; payment information such as credit/debit card or bank standing order details, and whether donations are gift-aided.
– If you buy penguin adoption or membership as a gift for someone or are a parent of our Watch Group members, your details will be recorded (as will the recipients) and your relationship to that person will be recorded.
How we use your information
Communication with you
Your personal details will only ever be used by Falklands Conservation to send you information in relation to your membership & penguin adoption and about our conservation work, events, activities and fundraising opportunities if you have given us your permission to do so.
If you are a Member, the information you provide will be used to send you member communications comprising joining pack and then two Wildlife Conservation in the Falkland Islands magazine, two newsletters (if you have provide an e-mail address we will send your newsletter by e-mail) membership renewal reminders and an invitation and documents for the charity’s Annual General Meeting and our members’ evening held in the UK. These elements comprise our membership ‘contract’ with you.
If you are a Penguin Adopter, the information you provide will be used to send you an adoption pack, including a personalised certificate, a newsletter by post, FC magazine, king penguin pin badge, postcard, Volunteer Point leaflet and adoption renewal reminders.  These elements comprise our adoption scheme ‘contract’ with you.
As mentioned above, the membership magazine, Wildlife Conservation in the Falkland Islands, is provided as a benefit to our members.  We send this to all members unless you specifically ask us not to.  Electronic newsletters are sent only to those who have specifically opted-in to receive them.  All such e-mails include details of how to unsubscribe.  Please be aware that our membership communications include the occasional advertisement and fundraising opportunities.
If you are a scientist, local or overseas visitor or film crew visiting New Island your personal details will only be used to in relation to your visits and about our conservation work, events, activities and fundraising opportunities if you have given us your permission to do so.
We only ever use your personal data with your consent and for the purpose or purposes it was collected for, or where it is necessary in order to:
– Enter into, or perform, a contract with you.
– Comply with legal duty.
– Protect your vital interests.
– For our own lawful interests, providing your rights do not override these.
Administration
We use personal data for our charity and conservation administrative purposes.  This includes:
– Maintaining a database of our volunteers, members and supporters.
– Performing our obligations under membership contracts.
– Fulfilling orders for goods and services (whether placed online, over the phone or in person).
– Receiving donations (e.g. credit/debit card, standing order or gift aid instructions).
– Enabling us to respect your communication personal preferences.
Sharing your information
We will never give, sell or share your information with any other organisation for commercial purposes.  We will only share your information if we are required to do so by law or if we believe it is necessary to protect or defend our rights, property, or personal safety of our people or visitors to our website or offices. If you have signed a gift aid declaration we do use the information you have provided to claim back gift aid from HMRC.
Storing your information
In line with best practice and guidance under GDPR and the Information Commissioner’s Office, Falklands Conservation stores your information on computers located in the UK FC Office.  Some information, such as original signed Gift Aid forms (a legal requirement), are stored in paper files held securely in lockable cupboards in a building which is alarmed at night. In the Falkland Islands FC Office we hold our volunteers, junior membership and visitors to New Island data.
We place great importance on the security of all personal data we hold.  Security measures are in place to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of all data under our control: only authorised personnel may access user information, and we use recognised secure protocols to encrypt financial and personal information you input before it is sent to us.
While we cannot guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration of data will not happen while it is under our control, or where it is transmitted across the internet, we will do our utmost to protect the security of your information.
How long we keep your information for
We will only use and store your information for as long as we need it to provide you with the information, services or goods you require; to manage your relationship with us; to comply with the law; or to ensure we do not communicate with people who have asked us not to.  When the information is no longer needed, we will dispose of it securely.  We continually review what information we hold and delete that which is no longer required or where people have amended their information preferences with us.  Please contact us on 01767 693710 or email ukadmin@conservation.org.fk if you would like to know more about how we retain your data, archive your data or dispose & destroy.
If at any point you believe the information we hold on you is incorrect, you can request to see this and/or have it corrected or deleted.  See the ‘Right of access’ and ‘Right of rectification’ below.
Children’s data
If your child is aged 16 or under, we will only use their personal data with your consent.  We will not use young people’s personal data for fundraising purposes.  If a Watch Group member wishes to join Falklands Conservation as an adult member, some of the personal data we hold about that individual (e.g. Watch Group membership history and contact details) will be carried over to the central membership database.
Cookies
We do use cookies on our website, www.falklandsconservation.com.
Some of the thirds parties we link to may also use cookies.
Details about the cookies we use are set out below – see the section on third party cookies below for more.
Falklands Site Cookie; This is an acceptance cookie. It is strictly necessary.
csrftoken; This cookie is associated with Django web development platform for python. Used to help protect the website against Cross-Site Request Forgery attacks. It is necessary and lasts for 11 months.
rur; The cookie is set by instagram to enable the user to browse through the website securely by preventing any cross-site request forgery. It is a functional cookie.
mid; The cookie is set by Instagram. The cookie is used to distinguish users and to show relevant content, for better user experience and security. It is a functional cookie that lasts for 9 years.
_ _stripe_mid; This cookie is set by Stripe payment gateway. This cookie is used to enable payment on the website without storing any payment information on a server. It is a necessary cookie that lasts for 1 year.
_ _stripe_sid; This cookie is set by Stripe payment gateway. This cookie is used to enable payment on the website without storing any payment information on a server. It is a necessary cookie that lasts for 30 minutes.
Third party cookies
First party cookies are the cookies that are set by this website; third party cookies are set by other websites.
This website uses cookies provided by other organisations to support functions such as statistical performance analysis, rich media functionality and social sharing. These are third party cookies. You can read privacy policies from these third parties below:
We use YouTube to embed videos. You can find YouTube’s privacy policy at https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
We use Facebook. You can find Facebook’s privacy policy at https://www.facebook.com/policies/cookies/
Data profiling and screening
Falklands Conservation never undertakes data profiling or wealth screening on our database of members, adopters and supporters.
Payment security
If you use a credit card to donate, purchase a membership or purchase something online, we will pass your credit card details securely to our payment provider.  Other online payment methods are handled in a similar manner.  Falklands Conservation complies with the payment card industry data security standard (PCI-DSS) published by the PCI Security Standards Council, and will never store card details once a transaction is complete.
Volunteers
If you are a volunteer then we may collect extra information from you (e.g. details of emergency contacts, medical conditions, references, criminal record checks etc). This information is retained for legal reasons, to protect us (including in the event of an insurance or legal claim) and for safeguarding purposes.  Our main means of communicating with volunteers is by e-mail.  All such e-mails include information of how to unsubscribe.
Under your control
We want to make sure you remain in control of your personal data.  Part of this is ensuring you understand your legal rights, which are as follows:
The right to be informed
We will keep you informed of how we use your data and act only in accordance (unless legally required otherwise) with your preferences where you have made these known to us.
The right of access
You have a right to see all the data we (or any other organisation) hold on you.  This is called a Subject Access Request.  This means you can ask us for a copy of all the data we hold on you and, where appropriate, to have it corrected or deleted.  We have a month to provide this information. To find out more go to the ICO (Information Commissioners Office) website.
The right of rectification
If we hold incorrect information about you, we must put it right.  We will comply with any requests as quickly as we can and confirm to you that we have done so.  These requests may take up to 28 days to take effect if, for example, you have changed your address but a magazine mailing has already been posted.  To find out more go to the ICO website.
The right to erasure
You have the right to be removed completely from our database, erasing all history of contact.  We will respect any request to erase personal information and will keep minimum data to ensure we can identify you in future so that we do not contact you again.  This would fall under ‘restricted processing’ (see below). To find out more go to the ICO website.
The right to restrict processing
As mentioned above, when processing is restricted, we are permitted to hold your personal data but not to use it in future. We can retain just enough information about an individual to ensure that the restriction can be respected going forward. To find out more go to the ICO website.
The right to data portability
This right allows individuals to obtain and reuse their personal data for their own purposes across different services.  It allows you to move, copy or transfer personal data easily from one IT environment to another in a safe and secure way, without hindrance to usability. To find out more go to the ICO website.
The right to object
All individuals have the right to object to:
– Processing based on legitimate interests or the performance of a task in the public interest/exercise of official authority.
– Your data being used for marketing or profiling.
– Processing for purposes of scientific/historical research and statistics.
In summary, you have the right to object to us processing your data in any way you choose.  Giving your clear communication preferences means that we can comply with your requests without you having to object.
The right to complain
You also have the right to complain.  You can complain to Falklands Conservation directly by contacting the ukadmin@conservation.org.fk by telephone on +44 (0)1767 693710 or write to us at The Gatehouse, The Lodge, Sandy, Bedfordshire SG19 2DL, UK.
If you are not happy with our response, or you believe that your data protection or privacy rights have been infringed, you can complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) which is the national data protection authority in the UK.  Details of how to do this can be found at https://ico.org.uk/
Changes to this privacy policy
We may make changes to this policy from time to time.  The current version of our Privacy Policy will always be posted on our website and will apply from the date of posting. This statement was last changed 20/07/2018
Questions?
If you have a query about any of the following:
– Altering how you would like us to communicate with you
– How we use, store or delete your data
– This Privacy and Data Protection Policy
Please send this to ukadmin@conservation.org.fk or by post to;
UK Administrator; Falklands Conservation, The Gatehouse, The Lodge, Sandy, Beds SG19 2DL
or telephone 01767 693710.
Additional general information
To help you understand more about how you can control your data, please see the helpful general information below:
What is data protection?
Data protection is about protecting people from any misuse of their personal information.  Data protection legislation aims to prevent harm to those individuals whose data are processed by businesses, charities and government.  In the UK, data protection is covered by UK and European Union legislation (and will remain so even after the UK exits the EU).  The Information Commissioner’s Office is the governing body responsible and can provide full details of the Data Protection Act 1998 and the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) that comes into force in May 2018.
What will organisations do with my data?
Organisations, like Falklands Conservation, may use your data to help promote their business or charity, or provide information and services.  You have rights over your personal data, and organisations should ask you what you want from them in the form of collecting your preferences, usually through a consent form, although these can be collected by phone, email, website, letter or face to face.
How can I stop unwanted contact?
Firstly, you need to contact the organisation and ask where they got your details from, and then you can request to have your data deleted.  If Falklands Conservation is contacted and asked not to contact someone again, we make sure that we identify this on our database (so that we can make sure we do no contact them in future).
All e-mail marketing should be ‘opt in’ only – the company or charity should only contact you if you have actively chosen to be contacted in this way.  Every marketing email should have an ‘unsubscribe’ link at the foot of the email.  Email and telephone marketing are covered by specific legislation called Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations (PECR).
If you receive unwanted phone calls and mail, there are several services that will help you manage this – the Telephone Preference Service (TPS), the Mailing Preference Service (MPS) and the Fundraising Preference Service (FPS).
Registering with the TPS and MPS should help to reduce the number of unsolicited communications you receive but, unfortunately, will not prevent poor practice or illegal activity.  If you are registered with the TPS and receive an unsolicited call, you should first ask the caller if they know you are registered.  It may be that you do have an existing relationship with the caller or they are calling you with regards to market research (which is exempt), so it would be legitimate for them to call you.  You can still ask the caller not to make any sales calls and they should be able to update your communication preferences.
The FPS was launched specifically for you to manage contact with charities.  By entering your details on the FPS website, you can choose to stop email, telephone calls, addressed post and/or text messages directed to you personally from a selected charity or charities.
Disclaimer
This information is for guidance only and does not constitute a comprehensive list of resources or legal advice.  If you have concerns about how your personal data are being used by Falklands Conservation, please contact us.
If you have concerns about how other organisations are using your data, please contact the Information Commissioner’s Office (https://ico.org.uk) which is responsible for data protection in the UK.
This statement contains links to third party websites for your convenience and information only. If you use these links, you will leave our website.  When you access a third party site, please note that we are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of that site.
© July 2020 Falklands Conservation
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.