https://fertiliser-society.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to contentPrivacy PolicyThis privacy statement tells you what to expect when we process your personal information. This is the main privacy notice for the International Fertiliser Society. It is important for you to read this statement in full to understand how we use your data and your rights in relation to your data.The International Fertiliser Society needs to process
personal data in order to deliver our services to you, such as:Inform Members and contacts
about our forthcoming conferences and meetings.Distribute copies of
Fertiliser Update.Provide information about
other Society activities, such as webinars.We are committed to treating your information securely, with
respect and in line with data protection law.We keep this Privacy Statement under regular review and we
will place all updates of this page on the website as soon as it practicable.For further information you can contact us as follows:International Fertiliser SocietyPO Box 12220ColchesterCO1 9PRUnited KingdomTelephone: 0044 1206 851819Email: secretary@fertiliser-society.orgThe International Fertiliser
Society takes care to respect the privacy of Members, and all who communicate
with the Society. We will only collect personal information when we need it.
The type of information we need from you will relate purely to contact
information allowing us to communicate with you. When we ask you for
information, we will make it clear why we need it.Unless
specifically requested otherwise each Contact will receive appropriate
information about the Society and its activities, along with information
relating to fertilisers and crop nutrition.Contacts can
decide not to receive communications and/or publications, or change how the
Society contacts each Contact at any time by advising the Secretary in writing.In general,
information provided to the Society is for its internal use only, to further
the Society’s activities and purpose. No information is shared with, or sold
to, other organisations. E-mail addresses are not made available to others, and
if communicating to Members and others by e-mail, the Society ensures that
e-mail addresses are not accessible by third parties.If, on
occasion, the Society needs to share personal information with a third party,
for some specific purpose, it will only do so if the third party has robust
data protection policies and practices, and with the permission of the Contact.We may also
share information when required by law, for example, where ordered by the Court
or to protect an individual from immediate harm.Membership records (past and present)These include names, contact addresses, telephone numbers, e-mail addresses, mobile number as supplied and details of joining and leaving dates. The records also show the amount of membership fee paid, and how paid. This information is encrypted on the IFS laptop, which is also protected by a separate password and firewall.The
membership records are kept by the Membership Secretary and the personal
details of members will only be supplied by the membership secretary to:Other committee members for use in connection with the Society’s activities.Another member, as long as the member whose details are being supplied agrees to those details being supplied. Any organisations so that it can hold member’s name and e-mail address for the purpose of sending out e-mails to all members for whom the Society has an e-mail address as an agreed method of communication (at present the only such organisation is Mailchimp and any member can unsubscribe from that mailing list at any time).Any organisations providing online backup for the membership records.Records of past members will be retained by the Society unless the member who has left the Society’s membership specifically requests, in writing or by e-mail (secretary@fertiliser-society.org) to the Society’s Secretary for his or her details to be removed from the Society records. Any such request will be acknowledged and confirmed as removed.Other personal informationPhotographs
are sometimes taken at Society meetings and events. These photographs may
contain images of Members and non-members, which unless a specific request is
received in writing that an image should not be published these photographs may
be used in Society publications or as part of Society displays.Your rights in relation to your dataWe are committed to upholding your rights in respect of your
personal data.The right to be informedThrough the provision of this statement and other privacy
notices as appropriate, we will be open and transparent about how and why we
use your personal information.The right of accessYou have a right to ask us what personal information we hold about you and to request a copy of your information. This is known as a ‘subject access request’ (SAR). Please write to the Society’s Secretary or e-mail – secretary@fertiliser-society.orgSARs need to be made in writing and we ask that your written
request is accompanied by proof of your address and identity.If you are seeking to obtain specific information (e.g.
about a particular matter or from a particular time period), it helps if you
clarify the details of what you would like to receive in your written request.If someone is requesting information on your behalf they
will need written confirmation from you to evidence your consent for us to
release this and proof of ID (both yours and theirs).We have 30 calendar days within which to provide you with
the information you’ve asked for (although we will try to provide this to you
as promptly as possible).The right to rectificationYou can ask us to rectify your personal data if it is
inaccurate or incomplete. Please help us to keep our records accurate by
keeping us informed if your details change. The Society will correct, as soon
as possible, any information found to be incorrect and/or is advised to be
incorrect and/or requires to be changed/updated.The right to erasureThe right to erasure is also known as ‘the right to be
forgotten’. In some circumstances, you can ask us to delete or remove personal
data where there is no compelling reason for its continued processing.  This is not an absolute right, and we will
need to consider the circumstances of any such request and balance this against
our need to continue processing the data.
Our response will also be guided by the provisions of our retention
schedule.Use of cookiesTo make this site simpler to use, we sometimes place small
files on your computer. These are known as cookies, almost all websites do this
too. Cookies have many uses and most are not damaging to your privacy, all of
the cookies used on this web site fall into that category. We do not use
cookies that collect or transfer your personal data to other web sites for
advertising or any other purpose.Cookies are used on this site purely to improve services for
you through, for example:enabling a service to recognise
your device so you don’t have to give the same information several times during
one taskrecognising that you may
already have given a username and password so you don’t need to do it for every
web page requestedmeasuring how many people
are using the site, so it can be made easier to use and there’s enough capacity
to ensure it is fast enoughWe use Google Analytics to measure how many people use this
site. We do this to make sure the site is meeting users’ needs and to
understand how we could improve it.Google Analytics stores information about what pages you visit, how long you are on the site, how you got here and what you click on. We do not collect or store any personal information (e.g. your name or address) so this information cannot be used to identify who you are. We also do not allow Google to use or share our analytics data.The following cookies are used by Google Analytics:CookieTypeDurationDescription_utmapersistent2 yearsGoogle Analytics: stores a randomly generated number for 2 years_utmbpersistent30 minutesGoogle Analytics: stores a randomly generated number for 30 minutes_utmcsessionsessionGoogle Analytics: stores a randomly generated number until you close your browser._utmzpersistent6 monthsGoogle Analytics: stores a randomly generated number and anonymous information on how the site was reached (e.g. direct or via a link or a search) for 6 monthsIf you do not wish to accept any cookies on to your machine
you can disable them by adjusting the settings on your browser. However this is
likely to adversely affect the functionality of websites you visit.For further information visit: www.allaboutcookies.orgContact formsTo secure the contact forms on the site we implement reCAPTCHA v3 from Google. Use of reCAPTCHA v3 is subject to the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. Search for:
HomeAbout IFSNewsOur HistoryJoin the SocietyCouncilBrian Chambers AwardEventsPublications storeUseful infoDownloadsLinks to useful organisationsContact IFS
Login
Basket			/ £ 0.00
BasketNo products in the basket.STANDARD ONLINE PAYMENTS ARE BY CARD AND IN GBP ONLYHowever, if you are unable to pay by card, and cannot process an invoice in GBP, you can switch currency here and pay in USD or EUROs by bank transfer. This will be much slower.
GBP, £EUR, €USD, $ WOOCS v.2.3.1Payments by card can only be in GBP. This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close Privacy OverviewThis website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary Always EnabledNecessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessaryAny cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website. Login Username or email address *
Password *
Remember me
Log in Lost your password?IFS Member signing in for the first time?If you are signing in for the first time, create your password in these easy steps.Select "Lost your password?"Enter your email addressSelect "Reset password".If the email address you enter matches our records, we will reply with instructions to create your new IFS password.