https://fishbio.com/privacy-policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which FISHBIO collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the fishbio.com website (“Site”). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by FISHBIO.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, subscribe to the newsletter, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
FISHBIO may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
– To process payments
We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
– To send periodic emails
We may use the email address to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
Third party websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.
Changes to this privacy policy
FISHBIO has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
info@fishbio.com
This document was last updated on April 01, 2013
Blog CategoriesFABLABConservationCommunicationFish Biology & BehaviorFish MonitoringInside FISHBIOMekong BasinOcean & Bay-DeltaPopulation DynamicsThe Fish ReportWildlife & Ecology
Search for:
Random Post
Blog ArchivesSelect Month December 2020
November 2020
October 2020
September 2020
August 2020
July 2020
June 2020
May 2020
April 2020
March 2020 Latest FABLAB Posts
Heavy Metal
One of the more unique monitoring solutions created by -
Go>
Antenna Assembly Li...
When we are juggling multiple projects or working -
Go>
Electrifying brew
If you’ve been following our blog, you know some of -
Go>
Rigid by Design
Using fish counting weirs to tally migrating salmonids -
Go>
Latest News
Permanent fishway to be built at Fraser…
Town and Country Today —
Fisheries and Oceans Canada has awarded a contract -
Go>
Scientists predict reduced Bering Sea…
Undercurrent News —
US government scientists are forecasting reduced pollock and -
Go>
SJ County in severe drought
Manteca / Ripon Bulletin —
All of San Joaquin and Stanislaus counties are now -
Go>
From droughts to flooding, here’s…
ABC 10 —
California weather is rarely average. Historically, the state has well -
Go>
New study suggests indigenous practices…
PhysOrg —
Across the North Pacific, salmon fisheries are struggling with climate -
Go>
Most Recent Posts
Fall, Spring, and In Between: New Insights on the Genetics of Chinook Migratory Behavior
Flashback Friday: Fish Fertilizer
Spotting Salmon Spawning by Drone: Advancements in Redd Mapping
Latest TweetsGrow fast, die young: is #climatechange making fish age faster? In today's Fish Report: https://t.co/ooCjrFgX6h…… https://t.co/XHnkFsho5H 10:40 AM November 16 from TweetDeck@fishbiologyLatest Projects
Anti-spawning Mat Installation
In 2019 and 2020, FISHBIO was hired to install an anti-spawning mat in the -
Go>
Strengthening a Fish Conservation Zone…
The goal of this project is to amplify and strengthen a network of Fish -
Go>
Clean Schools, Clean Rivers
This project funded by the U.S. Embassy to Laos’ Public Diplomacy Small Grants -
Go>
see all projects