https://flightsafety.org/privacy-policy/
Partners and Programs:
BARS
GSIP
SKYbrary
ASN
Contact Us
Members' Center
Login
Support Aviation Safety
Search for:
Search
Industry Updates
The Foundation
About the Foundation
Mission
History
Work with Us
Leadership
Officers, Staff and Volunteers
Media/Communications
Aviation Awards
Join Us
Events
AeroSafety World
Toolkits & Resources
COVID-19 Crisis Resources
Fatigue Management
Flight Path Monitoring
Go-Around Project
GSIP Toolkits
Past Safety Initiatives
Pilot Training and Competency
Podcasts
Special Reports
Unreliable Airspeed
Contact Us
Members' Center
Login
Support Aviation Safety
Partners and Programs:
BARS
GSIP
SKYbrary
ASN
FLIGHT SAFETY FOUNDATION HEADQUARTERS
701 N. Fairfax Street, Suite 250,
Alexandria, Virginia 22314
Phone: +1 703 739 6700 Fax: +1 703 739 6708
Front Page
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Flight Safety Foundation (FSF) is committed to using responsibly any private information submitted by visitors to its site: www.flightsafety.org. The Foundation is the sole owner of information collected on this site and will only sell, share or rent this information to others as disclosed in its privacy statement.
E-Mail Information Service: Visitors must provide limited personal information if they choose to subscribe to the E-Mail Notification Service. This personal information will not be used to send unsolicited information unless the subscriber specifically allows it, will not be provided to any outside party and will not be used to track the movements of visitors. Cookies: Cookies allow users to more easily access the Foundation’s site and to use the site’s features by not entering a password each time the site is visited; users may reject using cookies and have access to the site features that do not require cookies. Cookies are not used to track the movements of visitors. Security: When on a secure page, the lock/unlock icon on your browser window becomes locked. When visitors submit sensitive information (such as credit card details) to make on-site purchases, the information is protected with encryption software. To learn more about this protection, visit http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transport_Layer_Security. The credit card processing company does not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes. Information collected on an order form is used for billing purposes and to complete an order, including registration for seminars and other events, product purchases and FSF membership. If the Foundation has problems processing an order, this information may be used to contact the purchaser. Internet Protocol (IP) Addresses: IP addresses are used to analyze trends and administer the site. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information. Links: This site contains links to other sites; the Foundation is not responsible for the privacy practices of those sites.
Share:
Print: