https://foreignpolicy.com/fpinsider/
Subscribe Now
Request a Demo
A research and analytics-based subscription service for global affairs professionals from Foreign Policy.
Combined with full access to Foreign Policy’s leading journalism, FP Insider delivers a comprehensive, insightful, and data-driven view into the foreign-policy stories impacting your life and business.
The research produced for FP Insiders offers more than analysis of global trends. It presents an all-inclusive understanding of how critical topics—such as 5G, data localization, and the competition for natural resources— unfold in the geopolitical arena, and the risks and opportunities presented for your organization, institution, or government.
The FP Insider subscription includes:
Unlimited articles on ForeignPolicy.com
FP mobile app
Subscriber-only newsletters
Security and defense news alerts
Digital and print editions of FP’s award-winning magazine
Print archive, with 50 years of FP reporting
Bonus episodes of FP podcasts
Conference calls with FP editors and experts
Exclusive access to FP Analytics research:
Special reports
Power maps
Insider briefings
In-House Intelligence
Only FP Insiders get access to the data-driven intelligence produced by FP Analytics, Foreign Policy’s independent research and analysis division, including:
Special Reports
Original research that delves deep into the critical issues underlying U.S. and global foreign-policy. Recent special reports include:
The COVID-19 Global Response Index, a first-of-its-kind assessment of governments’ responses to the coronavirus crisis in key policy areas.
In addition to providing a comparative scoring of 36 countries, the full-scale analysis provides valuable insights for businesses by identifying:
Countries’ investments in emergency health care spending (such as PPE), as well as government directives and investments as they relate to health care.
Gaps in access and opportunities for investment that could strengthen countries’ ongoing responses and enable greater preparedness going forward.
Climate and Security, an examination of the severe climate security threats facing the Middle East and North Africa region, followed by distinct calls to action for international organizations, national governments, the private sector, and crisis response NGOs.
The Her Power Index, which links data analysis with insight from former and current foreign-policy staffers to illuminate the under-representation of women across U.S. foreign policy agencies over the last decade.
Mining the Future, the first systematic and comprehensive assessment of China’s accumulation of control and influence over a range of critical metals and minerals, and the supply chains upon which the future of the hightech industry depends.
Power Maps
An innovative new form of geopolitical analysis.
Arctic Power Competition, a two-part exploration of the current state of the competition for Arctic resources, how different global actors are positioning themselves, and the implications for companies, national governments.
Global Data Governance, the most comprehensive assessment and mapping of data localization and privacy laws to date. Part One focuses on emerging data governance trends and legal frameworks across countries, including the cataloguing of data localization laws and privacy legislation around the world. Part Two explores the security and privacy implications of evolving government data collection efforts—plus, how artificial intelligence is making data surveillance more efficient and ubiquitous.
5G Explained, a thorough investigation into three areas essential to understanding 5G and its geopolitical and commercial implications: technology and infrastructure, the global competitive landscape, and national security.
It’s vital for Insiders to have access to credible information on emerging global trends. Power Maps go a step further by helpfully distilling that credible information into key takeaways and insights, so you (and your team) can process and strategize more quickly.
Insider Briefings
A direct line to FP Analytics.
A series of intimate, Insider-only briefings will coincide with the launch of new products produced by FP Analytics. The calls will provide a unique opportunity for FP Insiders to hear directly from the Analytics team, as they engage with contributing experts and global policy leaders on research methodologies, findings, and applications for the world.
Meet FP Analytics
Allison Carlson Managing Director
Prior Professional Experience: Senior Vice President at Garten Rothkopf LLC (now FP Analytics); Regional Director for Latin America at Guizzetti & Associates; Trade and Economic Analysis for the Organization for American States, Institute for Agriculture and Trade Policy.
Focus Areas: International economics, trade, energy, and climate policy, and gender issues.
Specialization: Political and economic risk analysis, crisis simulation and scenario planning, impact analysis and strategic advisory.
Fouad Pervez, Ph.D. Senior Quantitative and Policy Analyst
Prior Professional Experience: Senior Program Officer at the United States Institute of Peace; Senior Data Consultant at Forcier Consulting and Development Alternatives Inc.
Focus Areas: Quantitative analysis, research design, international trade, international security, public health, and economic and political development.
Specialization: Data analysis for The COVID-19 Global Response Index.
Policy-Shaping Research
Following the release of Mining the Future, a special investigation into China’s control of the raw materials essential to the digital economy, FP Analytics Managing Director Allison Carlson testified before the U.S. Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. The report, available first and only to FP Insider subscribers, is moving a critical foreign-policy conversation forward.
Click here to watch
Christian Perez Policy Analyst
Professional Experience: Global Strategy and Corporate Governance at Cartica Management LLC. Prior: Four years in tech and finance roles.
Focus Areas: Trade and investment, emerging technologies, sustainability, and policy impact analysis.
Specialization: Quantitative analysis and technology trends for Power Maps: 5G Explained and Global Data Governance, and international trade and investment.
Isabel Schmidt Policy Analyst
Professional Experience: Completed Masters in International Relations and International Economics at the Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies.
Focus Areas: Women in the workplace, The Her Power Index, and security and stability in fragile states (see Climate and Security Special Report).
Specialization: Combining primary-source interviews with data to deliver insights for clients; development of FP Simulations.
Gahyun Helen You Policy Fellow
Professional Experience: Policy Advisor and former Director to the NYU Cybersecurity Awareness Worldwide Policy Competition; Consultant for U.N. Women.
Focus Areas: International security, specifically cybersecurity and international cyber governance, as well as gender issues.
Specialization: Women’s empowerment and private sector engagement.
For Organizations
We work closely with organizations from all sectors to activate FP Insider access at scale—and at maximum savings.
Consider a Group Subscription for Your Team
Team or organization-wide access provides a competitive advantage
Flexible pricing and bulk discounts.
Consolidated billing, and one-time invoicing per year.
Dedicated customer support to provide assistance with your account.
Request a Demo
Join FP Insider
Submit your email to learn more and request a demo.
Submit
x
Join FP Insider
Complete this form and a member of our team will be in touch.
By submitting this form, you agree to receive communications from Foreign Policy.