http://foundrax.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - Foundrax
Skip to content
Login
UserName
Password
Remember Me
Enquire Online Now
×
""
1
Enquire Online Now
Nameyour full name
Emaila valid email
Numberyour full name
Enquirymore details0 /
Enquire Now
Previous
Next
Foundrax Finance   |
Video Tutorials   |
Newsletter
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Foundrax Engineering Products Ltduses and protects any information you give Foundrax Engineering Products Ltdwhen you use this website.
Foundrax Engineering Products Ltd is committed to ensuring your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Foundrax Engineering Products Ltdmay change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
What we collect
We may collect the following information when filling out our contact form.
name
contact information including telephone and email address
website usage data
other information relevant to your enquiry
We will never collect any unnecessary personal data from you and do not process your information in any other way than specified in this notice.
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service and in particular for the following reasons:
To follow up with them after correspondence (email or phone enquiries)
Internal record keeping
Compliance
We never sell your personal information to anyone and only share it as outlined in this Privacy policy or when you ask us to.
Third-party disclosure
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when its release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property or safety.
Third-party links
We do not include or offer third-party products or services on our website.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you contact us by post, telephone or email, fill out a form or enter information on our site.
Access to your data
You have the right to request access to your personal data, together with certain additional information. That additional information includes details of the purposes of the processing, the categories of personal data concerned and the recipients of the personal data.
Update of your data
We wish to keep any information that we hold about you accurate and up to date and therefore please contact us if the information we hold about you needs updating.
Delete your data
You have the right to the erasure of your personal data without undue delay.  If you would like data we hold about you deleted, please contact us by either 01458 274888or emailing alex@foundrax.co.uk
Do we use ‘cookies’?
We use [Google Analytics] to analyse the use of our website. Google Analytics gathers information about website use by means of cookies. The information gathered relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of our website. Google’s privacy policy is available at: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.
We also process personal information for certain legitimate business purposes, including providing postal communications which we think will be of interest to you. Whenever we process data for these purposes we will ensure that we always keep your Personal Data rights in high regard and take account of those rights.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
Tel: 01458 274888
Email: alex@foundrax.co.uk
Post: AlexAustin, Foundrax Engineering Products Ltd, 18 Wessex Park, Somerton Business Park, Somerton, Somerset TA11 6SB
Last Updated 24 May 2018
© Foundrax 2018
Designed and built by GMA
Back to top
Foundrax Engineering Products Ltd, Wessex Park, Somerton, Somerset, England, TA11 6SB
Registered in England and Wales No. 00460583  |  Legal Disclaimer  |  Privacy Policy  |  Cookie Policy  |  Sitemap
Call Now
Menu
Hardness Testing MachinesBrinell MicroscopesBrinell Reference BlocksCustomer Case StudiesServices and TrainingContactBlog