https://fullfact.com/privacy-policy/
OEE Toolkit Demo
Quote
FullFact Support Center
English
Nederlands
Deutsch
Privacy Policy
Protecting your privacy is important to FullFact Solutions BV. We have created this privacy statement to demonstrate our firm commitment to keep your personal information confidential. By ensuring that you are aware of and understand FullFact Solutions BV’s Customer Privacy Policy, we can provide you with better service. Please take a moment to read the following policy to learn how we handle your personal information.
Why and How We Collect Personal Information
FullFact collects and uses your personal information to provide outstanding customer service and convenient access to our products and services. In addition, we use your personal information to keep you up to date on the latest product announcements, software updates, special offers, and other information we think you would like to hear about. From time to time, we may also use your personal information to contact you to participate in a market research survey, so that we can measure customer satisfaction and develop better products.
Customer Cases
We are proud to be able to show and read customer cases about the deployment of our OEE software and services on our website. We love customer cases. We do not post quotes, opinions or other matters of customers without first obtaining permission.
IP Addresses
We may use your IP address (not your e-mail address) to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer our website, or to gather broad demographic information.
User Registration
You may choose to fill out a registration form on our website with contact information that we may need. This information is used to send you requested information or products, to contact you with other product information, news or promotions, and to learn more about our web visitors. You may choose not to receive any further information from us any time — for more details, check out the Choice/Opt-Out section below.
Online Surveys
From time to time, we may conduct online surveys. Our surveys may ask you for demographic information, such as ZIP code or your industry sector. If the online survey collects contact data, we may use that data to send you additional information only if we specifically asked for your permission in the survey. You are free to opt-out of receiving future mailings at any time—for more details, check out the Choice/Opt-Out section below.
Cookies
We may use cookies to enhance the user experience and deliver personalized content. Cookies help us to deliver information specific to your interests, to save your having to re-enter your password each time you visit our site, or to keep track of your shopping cart. Cookies also allow us to better analyze our site traffic patterns so that we can bolster our web offering.
Links
This site contains links to other sites. FullFact Solutions BV is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other websites. Please refer to the policies of the respective site.
Collection and processing
When you visit this Website, we may collect and further process your data. This is done indirectly through the use of specific software. We respect your privacy and will process your data in the manner and for the purposes only in accordance with the General Terms and Conditions for Data Processing and other applicable laws and regulations.
Nature and purposes of the processing
We process data obtained from the use of this website in order to be able to analyze the origin and behavior of target groups on this website. These include visitor numbers, pages visited, the characteristics of the web browsers used, location data and other communication data.
Statistics on organisations visiting the website
SalesFeed Software is linked to this website. The SalesFeed Software generates statistics on the origin and behavior of our target groups. To this end, the SalesFeed Software processes visitors’ IP addresses. The IP addresses of some of the Dutch organizations that visit this Website are linked to a database containing company data. Information about organizations that are registered as a result of their visit to this Website is not shared with third parties. For more information about the SalesFeed Software, please visit www.salesfeed.com.
Use of cookies by SalesFeed Software
By default, 1 cookie is placed by the SalesFeed Software. This cookie is a session cookie or first party cookie. A session cookie is used to aggregate events. This cookie expires after half an hour of inactivity. By default, no third-party cookies are placed on visitors by SalesFeed software.
When We Disclose Personal Information
It is not FullFact Solutions BV’s policy to share or sell any contact information to third parties. At times we may be required by law or legal process to disclose your personal information. We may also disclose information about you if we believe that disclosure is necessary for the public interest.
How We Protect Your Personal Information
FullFact Solutions BV safeguards the security of the data you send us with physical, electronic, and managerial procedures. Access to our website is password protected. We use Secure Socket Layer (SSL) to encrypt sensitive data. We urge you to take every precaution to protect your personal data when you are on the Internet. Change your passwords often, use a combination of letters and numbers, and make sure you use a secure browser.
Choice to Opt-Out
FullFact Solutions BV provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving future communications from us in any communications you may receive from us. You may also write to us at any time:
FullFact Solutions BV, BIC 1, 5657 BX Eindhoven, Netherlands.
Access to Your Personal Information
You always have access to the information we have about you. To review and update your personal contact information that FullFact Solutions BV may have about you, email us at info@fullfact.com, or write to us:
FullFact Solutions BV, BIC 1, 5657 BX Eindhoven, Netherlands.
Notification of Changes
FullFact Solutions BV’s Customer Privacy Policy is subject to change at any time. We encourage you to review the privacy policy regularly for any changes.
If you have questions about FullFact Solutions BV’s Customer Privacy Policy, please email us at info@fullfact.com,
Version: May 22, 2018
OEE Toolkit Demo
Start measuring your Overall Equipment Effectiveness with the OEE Toolkit. Improve your productivity and machine-effectiveness with OEE and book a demo now!
Book OEE Toolkit Demo
Search
Search for:
Next stepsOEE Opportunities
OEE Customer cases
OEE Software
Some of our clients
We live manufacturing improvement!
At FullFact Solutions we eat, dream, and sleep manufacturing improvement. As the OEE software pioneers it is our passion to make it exceptionally easy and transparent – from operator to management, from shop floor to top floor – to achieve continuous improvements in manufacturing productivity and equipment effectiveness.
About FullFactContact us
Find your next step
More about OEE
OEE Software
Services
Support
News and blogs on OEE
Receive tips in your mailbox
We send useful tips, news, how-to's and much more to stay ahead of the Overall Equipment Effectiveness (OEE) game.
FullFact Solutions B.V. © Copyright 1995-2020  | Privacy Policy  | General Terms and Conditions