http://gametheorysociety.org/about/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
The Game Theory Society attaches a great deal of importance to the protection of your personal data. In this Privacy Policy, we want to provide clear and transparent information about how we handle personal data.
We do everything we can to safeguard your privacy and therefore treat personal data with care. In all cases, the Game Theory Society complies with the applicable laws and regulations, including the General Data Protection Regulation.  This implies that we:
Process your personal data in accordance with the purpose for which they have been provided. These purposes and types of personal data are described in this Privacy Policy.
Processing of your personal data is limited to those data which are required as a minimum for the purposes for which they are processed.
Have taken appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure the security of your personal data.
Do not pass on personal data to other parties, unless this is necessary for the execution of the purposes for which they were provided.
Are aware of your rights regarding your personal data.
The Game Theory Society is an international society for the advancement of game theory and its applications. Founded in 1999, it promotes the investigation, teaching, and application of game theory.
The Game Theory Society collects personal data for the purposes of membership registration, the organization of the World Congress, newsletters, and journal subscriptions. Newsletters are only sent to members that opt-in to receive them. The kind of personal data that is collected is limited to name, address, and e-mail address.
The Game Theory Society provides personal data to third parties if this is necessary for the execution of the purposes described above. We never pass on personal data to other parties with whom we have not concluded a processor’s agreement. We will, of course, make the necessary arrangements with these parties (processors) to guarantee the security of your personal data. Furthermore, we will not provide the information provided by you to other parties, unless required and permitted to do so by law.  We may also share personal data with third parties if you give us your written consent. We only process personal data of persons under the age of 16 if written permission has been given by the parent, caretaker or legal representative.
The Game Theory Society does not retain personal data for longer than is necessary for the purpose for which they were provided or for which they are required by law.
We have taken appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect your personal data against unlawful processing. All persons who can access your data on behalf of the Game Theory Society are bound by the obligation of confidentiality. We have a username and password policy on all our systems. We make backups of the personal data in order to be able to recover them in the event of physical or technical incidents. We test and evaluate our measures on a regular basis.
You have the right to inspect, correct or delete the personal data we have received from you. You can also object to the processing of your personal data (or a part thereof) by us or by one of our processors. You also have the right to have the data as provided by you to be transferred by us to yourself or at your request directly to a third party. We may ask you for legitimation in order to honor such requests.
If you have any questions or wish to contact us after reviewing our Privacy Policy, or in a more general sense, this can be done at:
Game Theory Society, Tongersestraat 53, 6211 LM Maastricht, gts-sbe@maastrichtuniversity.nl
Pages
About
Privacy Policy
Calls for Papers – Journal Submissions
Conferences
Contact the Society
Job Openings
Journals
Membership
Named Lectures and Prizes
News
News Archive
Newsletter
People
Resources