https://gaskatel.de/en/data-privacy-statement/
Skip to content
Data privacy statement
Your personal data are treated confidentially and according to the statutory data protection regulations as well as this data privacy statement.
We want to point out that the data transmission through the internet can hold security gaps. A complete protection of data from being accessed by third parties is not possible.
The use of our website as such is possible without the disclosure of personal data. If personal data such as your name, your address or your email address are collected it happens voluntarily. Your data are not disclosed to third parties without your explicit consent.
Personal data are processed so far as it is necessary for providing a functional and user-friendly online presence including its contents and the offered services.
Information about us as the controller
Controller for this online presence according to the data protection law is: Gesellschaft für Gassysteme durch Katalyse und Elektrochemie mbH Executives: Joachim Helmke, Dr. Hans-Joachim Kohnke
Lilienthalstrasse 146
Building 11
D-34123 Kassel
Germany
Phone: +49 (0) 561 59190
Fax: +49 (0) 561 59191
E-Mail: info@gaskatel.de
Server Data
For technical reasons, especially for the warranty of a safe and steady online presence, data are transmitted by your web browser to our webspace provider. With these so-called server logfiles the following data are collected: the type and version of your browser, the operating system, the website from which you changed to our online presence (referrer URL), the websites of our online presence which you visit, date and time of the respective access as well as the IP address of the internet connection used.
The server date are stored temporarily but never combined with further of your data.
That storing is based on article 6 (1, f) GDPR. Our legitimate interests are the improvement, steadiness, functionality and safety of our online presence.
The data are deleted after seven days at the latest, if no further storage for purposes of proof is necessary. Otherwise, the data are excluded from the deletion until an incident is finally clarified.
Cookies
For our online presence we use cookies. Cookies are small text files or other storage technologies which are dropped and stored on your terminal device through the browser used. By using cookies our online presence becomes user-friendly, effective and safe. The use of cookies is based on article 6 (1, b) and article 6 (1, f) GDPR.
For a comfortable use of our online shop the cookies store the following data:
Which articles were put into the shopping basket
Which article were removed from the shopping basket
Which article were shown as part of the cross selling function
Search terms
You can prevent the cookies from being installed or limit the cookies’ functions by your browser settings. You can also delete cookies which are already installed. Please, inform yourself about that on the help pages of your internet browser.
If you prevent the cookies’ installation or limit the cookies’ functions it can thereto lead that not all functions of our online presence are useable.
Contact requests
If you contact us via e-mail or our contact form, we use your given data for processing and answering your concern. That processing is based on article 6 (1, a) GDPR.
Evaluations
Within our online shop you can leave evaluations. These are published with the date and time as well as your used name or pseudonym. The legal basis is article 6 (1, a) GDPR.
According to article 7 (3) GDPR you can withdraw that consent.
Furthermore, we are processing your IP address and your e-mail address because we have a legitimate interest in that processing to be able to take further action in case your evaluation jeopardizes rights of third parties or happens unlawfully in another way. The legal basis is article 6 (1, f) GDPR and thereby the legitimate interest in a legal defense if necessary.
Youtube
We use the video portal YouTube, YouTube LLC., 901 Cherry Ave., 94066 San Bruno, CA, USA., a subsidiary of Google LLC., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.
According to the certification (EU-US Privacy Shield)
https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active
Google, and thus its subsidiary YouTube, guarantees that the European data protection guidelines are observed when data are processed in the USA.
We use YouTube in connection with the function “extended data protection mode” to show you videos. The legal basis is article 6 (1, f) GDPR. Our legitimate interest is the quality improvement of our online presence.
The function “extended data protection mode” effects – according to YouTube – that data are only transmitted to the server of YouTube if you actually start a video. Without that mode a connection to the server of YouTube in the USA is made as soon as you visit on of our web pages in which a YouTube video is embedded. This connection is necessary to show the video correctly via/in your browser. In the course of that YouTube processes at least your IP address, the date, the time and the website you have visited. Furthermore, a connection to Google’s advertising network “DoubleClick” is made.
If you are logged in in YouTube when you are visiting our website YouTube details the connection’s information to your YouTube account. You must log out or change the appropriate settings in your YouTube account if you want to prevent the data assignment.
For the purpose of functionality and for the analysis of user behavior YouTube stores permanently cookies in your browser. If you disagree with that data processing, you have the opportunity to prevent the processing via the settings in your browser. Concerning this matter, you can find more information under “cookies”.
Google holds proceeding information about the processing of data as well as your rights and protection options in its retrievable privacy notice.
Search for:
English
Deutsch English
Login
Company
Shop
Accessories & spare parts
Accessories & spare parts Voltammetric Cells
Accessories & spare parts Reference electrode
Accessories & spare parts pH-electrode
Voltammetric Cells
FlexCell® PTFE – electrochemical test cell
FlexCell® PP – Electrochemical test cell
Temperature Control Box
Analyte Compartment PTFE
Analyte Compartment PP
Reference electrodes
HydroFlex® Complete Package
HydroFlex® Hydrogen Reference Electrode
Mini HydroFlex® Hydrogen Reference Electrode
pH-electrode
pH-Electrode pHydrunio
Gas diffusion electrodes
Gas diffusion electrodes
Catalysts
Counselor
Reference electrode
Usage of the hydrogen electrodes HydroFlex and Mini-HydroFlex
Checking the functioning of the HydroFlex
Principles of electrochemical potential measurement
pH-electrodes
Principles of the pH-value measurement with hydrogen electrodes
Test cells for the electrochemistry
Principles of electrochemical cells
Gas diffusion electrodes
Distributors
Service and Support
Downloads
References