https://gelcompany.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
ELECTROPHORESIS & IMAGING
Omega Gel Doc Imagers
OWL Scientific Gel Systems
Gibco-BRL Horizon Gel Systems
Mupid Electrophoresis System
Protein Electroblotter
DNA & PCR
DNA Ladders
DNA GeneCatcher
Electroporation Cuvettes
DNA Sequencing ABI
PCR Plates & Seals
PCR Tubes & Caps
Protein GridCutters
Protein Gel Excision
Protein Ladder
Protein Gel Stains
Protein IPG Strips
Protein Blotting Paper
Protein Fiber Foam Pads
REAGENTS
PCR Master Mix
Agarose
DNA Release
Protein Chemiluminescent
MICROARRAYS
Microwestern Array
ArraySlide
ArraySlide Accessories
LAB SUPPLIES & BRAND ACCESSORIES
ThermoMix Incubators
Microcentrifuge
Tube Capper
Tips & Tubes
Kimwipes
ABI Sequencing
Bio-Rad Accessories
GE Accessories
Gibco-BRL Accessories
Horizon Accessories
Hoefer
Leica Accessories
Li-COR Supplies
Qiagen
Privacy Policy
Gel Company respects your privacy and concerns in the collection and use of your Personal Information. The following privacy policies explains what kind of personal data is collected and how it is used when you interact with us, such as through visiting our Website (www.gelcompany.com), your use or purchase of our products or services, your contact with customer support, your subscription to our newsletters, your participation in our webinars or any other interaction with Gel Company, including without limitation all online and offline collection of personal data.
If you have questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please e-mail us at gelinfo@gelcompany.com.
1. Who we are
Gel Company is headquartered in San Francisco, California with global distributor partner offices to manufacture and distribute life sciences products and services.
2. Information we may collect from you
When interacting with Gel Company, for example when using, inquiring about or purchasing our products, services or solutions, we collect personal data. The personal data we collect depends on the type of interaction, but may include the following:
Contact details: your name, email address, mailing address, phone number(s), and other similar contact details.
Demographic data, such as your country.
Payment data in order to process any payment you make. Such data may include your credit card details
Credentials for security, such as your password and information which enables us to authenticate you and provide you access to your account
Transaction history, meaning information concerning your historic interaction with us
Usage data, for example your use of our website or information related to your online behavior and your marketing preferences.
By visiting our Website, we may also collect your IP address and cookie ID, as well as your device identifiers.
This is done through cookies or similar technology we may have implemented on our Website. Details of such cookies and how you can disable them can be found in our Cookie Notice below
3. Cookie Notice
Gel Company uses cookies (small text files placed on your device) and similar technologies to provide our website (https://www.gelcompany.com/) or any related online channels such as social media pages (together the ‘Website’) and to remember your preferences and tailor our Websites to your interests (“Cookies”). Through this Cookie Notice, we provide you with background information about cookies in general, the cookies that we use on our Website and how you can control these cookies. If after reading this notice, you have any remaining questions about cookies that are used on our website, please contact us at gelinfo@gelcompany.com.
4. What are cookies?
Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:
Understand and save user’s preferences for future visits.
Keep track of advertisements.
Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third party services that track this information on our behalf.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Google Chrome) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser’s Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you disable cookies off, some features will be disabled. It won’t affect the users experience that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly.
5. Third-Party Applications
We sometimes embed content and sharing tools from other (third-party) sites. When you visit our Website with embedded third party content or sharing tools, you may be presented with cookies from those third parties’ sites. We do not control the dissemination of these third-party cookies. You should check relevant third party website(s) for more information about these cookies, and whether and how you may opt out of receiving them.
6. Third-Party Plugins
When you visit a website that contains a social plugin, your browser establishes a direct link to third-party servers as opposed to through the Gel Company website. The content of the plugin is transferred by the third party directly to your browser, which embeds the latter into our website. Gel Company therefore has no influence over the scope of data that the third party collects using the plugin and you should refer to their individual policies for more details. By utilizing these third-party plugins, you are informing these third-party companies that you have accessed the corresponding pages where the icon was placed.
7. How can I control or delete cookies?
Most internet browsers are initially set up to automatically accept cookies. You can change the settings to block cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent to your device. There are a number of ways to manage cookies. Please refer to your browser instructions or help screen to learn more about how to adjust or modify your browser settings.
If you disable the cookies that we use, this may impact your experience while on the Website. For example, you may not be able to visit certain areas of the site.
If you use different devices to view and access the Website (e.g. your computer, smartphone, tablet etc.), you will need to ensure that each browser on each device is adjusted to suit your cookie preferences.
8. Personal data obtained from third parties
Gel Company’s website may provide links to or the ability to connect with non-Gel Company websites, services, social networks or applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow the third party to collect or share information about you. Those third-party websites or services are beyond our control. We encourage you to check the privacy policies and terms of use of any non-Gel Company websites or services before providing your Personal Information to them.
We also contract with third parties (including, for example, business partners, sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers, search information providers) and may receive such personal data about you from them. Such data obtained from third parties will be kept in accordance with the same duty of care as described in this notice, and with any additional restrictions imposed by the third party that shared your personal data.
9. How We Use and Share Information
Gel Company may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, visit the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To personalize user’s experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested
To improve our website in order to better serve you.
To allow us to better service you in responding to your requests.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
To send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services.
We may convert your personal data into statistical or aggregated data in such a way as to ensure that you are not identified or identifiable from that data. We may use this aggregated data to conduct market research and analysis, including to produce statistical research and reports. We may share such anonymous aggregated data with third parties. Aggregated and anonymous personal information does not personally identify you.
We will generally process your personal data only for the purposes set out above. If we use your personal data for other / additional purposes, extra data protection measures will be implemented if required by law. In addition, in some jurisdictions, data protection law requires that the processing of your personal data for some or all of the purposes described above (including the provision of direct marketing to you) must be on the basis of your consent and, therefore, where consent is necessary, our processing of your personal data is on the basis of your consent.
Please note that where your consent is required in order to process your personal data, you are entitled to refuse to give your consent or revoke it any time.
10. Disclosure of your information
We may share your personal data with your consent or as necessary to complete or follow up on any transaction with us or to provide any products, service or solution you have requested or authorized. In particular we may share your personal data with the following recipients:
Our affiliates, distributors or agents working on our behalf. For example, we may share your personal data with our affiliates if we deem this necessary for offering you a complete solution for the business needs presented by you, or with our agents for servicing the products you purchased.
Third parties, if such processing is needed for information risk purposes, including, for example, administration of the Website and protecting and securing our systems and services, or, if such processing is needed for using the cookies you consented to, for example sharing in view of services provided by Google analytics.
Governmental and regulatory bodies and other third parties where required to do so by applicable law, such as to comply with a court order or a request from a regulator or similar legal process or where otherwise necessary to comply with a legal obligation or for the administration of justice.
Third parties concerned or their professional advisors, in the event of a merger, acquisition, or any form of sale of some or all our assets. In the event of such a transaction, the personal data held by us may be among the assets transferred to the buyer.
In some limited cases, this may involve transferring your personal data to other countries where Gel Company and/or other third parties operate and process your personal data. Please be aware that countries which are outside your jurisdiction, may not offer the same level of data protection as is provided in your jurisdiction. We will however conclude agreements with the relevant third parties involved, limiting the purposes for which your personal data can be used and disclosed, and requiring your personal data to be adequately safeguarded.
11. Direct marketing
Our range of products, services and solutions is constantly evolving to match the increasingly sophisticated markets in which we operate. Therefore, we may wish to provide you with information about similar or the same products, services, solutions, promotions and offers, to those about which you receive or have inquired about and which may be of interest to you. We may also invite you to take part in market research or request feedback on our products, services and solutions. Such communications may be via e-mail, telephone or mail.
However, we will not send such communications without your prior consent (where required, in accordance with applicable laws) and you can exercise your right to prevent such processing by either not opting in to receive such communications or you may opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions included in each communication.
Please note that marketing communications are not the same as “information only” communications and that we may communicate with you about the products you have purchased, or the services or solutions you have requested, using contact details you have provided for this purpose without your express consent being required.
12. Security of your personal data
We use the industry-standard security protocol Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) and utilize 128-bit encryption technology in all areas of our Website to encode sensitive information on our Website. All information transferred to and from our Website is done securely through an encrypted link between the web server and browsers.
13. Retention of your personal data
We will retain your personal data as long as necessary for the purposes set out when collecting your personal data or as required by relevant laws and regulations.
We may retain your personal data for a reasonable period after you have inquired about products, services or solutions, in case of follow up inquiries from you. We will consider whether we need to retain your personal data after the period of retention in the case of inquiries because of a legal or regulatory requirement. Some or all the criteria may be relevant to retention of your personal data collected from you in connection with our products, services, solutions and/or your use of the Website. We will continue to retain personal data where necessary to provide our services to you and the retention of such personal data if necessary for the purposes of pursuing our legitimate interests or where it is necessary for public interest purposes.
14. Access to your personal data
You have the right to request confirmation as to whether or not your personal data is processed by us and you have reasonable access to your personal data, in order for your personal data to be updated, modified, or, if legally possible, deleted. In order for us to respond to your request, we may require you to verify your identity. You also have the right to withdraw your consent to any processing for which you have previously given that consent.
Please be aware that we may reject requests that are unreasonably repetitive, require disproportionate technical effort (for example, developing a new system or fundamentally changing an existing practice), risk the privacy of others, or would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backup systems).
15. Children’s Privacy
As a company focused on serving the needs of businesses, Gel Company’s Channels are not directed to minors and Gel Company does not promote or market its services to minors, except as part of specific educational outreach programs with parental permission. If you believe that we have mistakenly or unintentionally collected Personal Information of a minor through our Channels without appropriate consent, please notify us through our inquiry form so that we may immediately delete the information from our servers and make any other necessary corrections. Additionally, please use this same form to request removal of content or information that was posted to our Channels when the registered user was under the age of 18. Please note that such requests may not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information, as, for example, some of your content may have been reposted by another user.
16. Links to other websites
Our Website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over the other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information that you provide while visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this Privacy Notice. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
17. Changes to this privacy policy
We may update this Privacy Notice to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any changes, we will update you by means of a notice on the Website. We encourage you to periodically review the Website for the latest information on our privacy practices and this Privacy Notice.
18. Unsubscribe from receiving emails
Follow the instructions at the bottom of each email and we will promptly remove you from future correspondence. If you receive emails from different product lines please use the opt-out functionality in each newsletter to be sure you are removed from it. If you have any questions please contact gelinfo@gelcompany.com.
19. Compliance
We Operate in the United States. Our servers and offices are located in the United States, so your information may be transferred to, stored, or processed in the United States. While the data protection, privacy, and other laws of the United States might not be as comprehensive as those in your country, we take many steps to protect your privacy, including offering a data processing addendum. By using our Websites, you understand and consent to the collection, storage, processing, and transfer of your information to our facilities in the United States and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this policy.
20. EU/Swiss Data Transfer Privacy Shield, and the GDPR
Gel Company participates in and with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S Privacy Shield Framework and the GDPR – General Data Protection Regulation. We are committed to subjecting all Personal Information received from European Union (EU) member countries and Switzerland, respectively, in reliance on each Privacy Shield Framework, to the Framework’s applicable Principles.
Gel Company is responsible for the processing of Personal Information it receives under each Privacy Shield Framework and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. We comply with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU and Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Frameworks, we are subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider TRUSTe (free of charge to you) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request. Under certain conditions, more fully described on the Privacy Shield website, https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=How-to-Submit-a-Complaint, you may be entitled to invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.
21. Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, your use of the Website, our products, services, solutions or your dealings with us, in relation to our use of your personal data, you can contact us using the information below:
Gel Company
665 Third Street, Suite 240
San Francisco, CA 94107
415-247-8760
gelinfo@gelcompany.com