https://gelcompany.com/site-terms/
Skip to content
ELECTROPHORESIS & IMAGING
Omega Gel Doc Imagers
OWL Scientific Gel Systems
Gibco-BRL Horizon Gel Systems
Mupid Electrophoresis System
Protein Electroblotter
DNA & PCR
DNA Ladders
DNA GeneCatcher
Electroporation Cuvettes
DNA Sequencing ABI
PCR Plates & Seals
PCR Tubes & Caps
Protein GridCutters
Protein Gel Excision
Protein Ladder
Protein Gel Stains
Protein IPG Strips
Protein Blotting Paper
Protein Fiber Foam Pads
REAGENTS
PCR Master Mix
Agarose
DNA Release
Protein Chemiluminescent
MICROARRAYS
Microwestern Array
ArraySlide
ArraySlide Accessories
LAB SUPPLIES & BRAND ACCESSORIES
ThermoMix Incubators
Microcentrifuge
Tube Capper
Tips & Tubes
Kimwipes
ABI Sequencing
Bio-Rad Accessories
GE Accessories
Gibco-BRL Accessories
Horizon Accessories
Hoefer
Leica Accessories
Li-COR Supplies
Qiagen
Site Use Terms
Welcome to the Gel Company web site. Gel Company provides this Web site (this “Site”), at its discretion, as a service to its customers. This Site provides users with access to extensive product information and documentation as well as online purchasing capabilities.
These Site Use Terms (“Terms”) set forth the terms and conditions under which you may use and access this Site. You represent and warrant that you possess the legal right and authority to agree to these Terms on your behalf. If you are accessing this Site on behalf of your employer or some other entity, then these Terms shall be binding upon you and your employer or such other entity, and, in such event, you further represent and warrant that you possess the legal right and ability to agree to these Terms on your behalf and on behalf of your employer or other entity. As used in these Terms, the term “you” refers to you individually and, if applicable, your employer or such other entity on whose behalf you may access the Site.
In the event you purchase goods or services through this Site, the terms and conditions of sale apply. Our privacy policy applies to the collection of information through your use and access of this Site. BY ACCESSING THIS SITE AND/OR BY CHECKING THE BOX SIGNIFYING YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS, YOU AGREE TO THESE TERMS. EACH TIME YOU ACCESS THIS SITE, YOU ARE REAFFIRMING YOUR AGREEMENT TO THESE TERMS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS (WITHOUT MODIFICATION), YOU ARE NOT AUTHORIZED TO ACCESS OR OTHERWISE USE THIS SITE. IF YOU ARE AN EXISTING USER AND DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS AND WISH TO REMOVE YOUR PROFILE FROM THE SITE, PLEASE CONTACT US AT gelinfo@gelcompany.com.
GEL COMPANY RESERVES THE RIGHT TO REVISE THESE TERMS AT ANYTIME.  YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR REGULARLY REVIEWING THE CURRENT TERMS. The most current version of the Terms can be reviewed by clicking on the “Site Use Terms” hypertext link located at the bottom of our Web pages. YOUR CONTINUED USE OF THE SITE AFTER WE POST ANY REVISED TERMS CONSTITUTES YOUR AGREEMENT TO ANY SUCH REVISED TERMS.
We cannot guarantee that our website, or any content on it, will always be available or be uninterrupted. We may suspend, withdraw, discontinue or change all or any part of our website without notice. We will not be liable to you if for any reason our website is unavailable at any time or for any period.
You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to our website. You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access our website through your internet connection are aware of these terms of use and other applicable terms and conditions, and that they comply with them.
1. Accuracy of Website
The information and data included in the Gel Company website have been compiled by Gel Company from a variety of sources, and are subject to change without notice from Gel Company. Gel Company makes no warranties or representations whatsoever regarding the quality, content, completeness, or adequacy of this information and data.
Additional terms and conditions may apply to the services we provide through our website. For example, online purchases through our website are subject to our terms and conditions for online sales.
Software/Firmware made available for downloading from the website is licensed subject to the terms of the applicable license agreement. Except as set forth in the applicable license agreement, the software is made available for use by end users only and any further copying, reproduction or redistribution of the software is expressly prohibited. Warranties, if any, with respect to such software shall exclusively apply as expressly set forth in the applicable license agreement.
2. Integrity of Site and Restrictions
The Site may contain a robot.txt file (or other similar files) which, among other things, instruct certain software programs (such as robots and Web crawlers) which portions of the Site, if any, such programs may access. The authorizations in such robot.txt file are limited to bona fide publicly available search engines and are not applicable to any other party. Subject to the foregoing, you agree not to access or use the Site in any manner that is prohibited by these Terms, the robot.txt file (or any other similar file) contained on the Site, or is otherwise unlawful. Subject to the foregoing and without limiting the generality thereof, you agree that you will access and use the Site solely by manual request and not programmatically by macro, robot, or other automated means, and that you will not, directly or indirectly, (a) modify, copy, distribute (including via electronic mail), transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell any information, data, products or services obtained from the Site unless expressly authorized by these Terms or by Gel Company in writing, (b) access or use the Site through, or in connection with, any software product other than the customary Web browsers (such as Microsoft Internet Explorer and Netscape Navigator), (c) use any software tools, procedures or instructions (other than customary Web browsers), automatic devices or automated processes, or manual process to monitor or access data or content provided through the Site, (d) otherwise “meta-search” the Site, or send, or cause to be sent, any automated queries of any sort to the Site, (e) use any device, hardware or software to bypass any security system on the Site, (f) disrupt or attempt to disrupt the proper or usual working of the Site, (g) use the Site in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the Site (or the network(s) connected to the Site) or interfere with any other person’s use and enjoyment of the Site, (h) take any action that may cause, or that actually causes, an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on Gel Company’s computers, network or other resources, (i) distribute any software or instructions that could be used to breach any of these the Terms, (j) attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Site, other accounts, computer systems or networks connected to the Site or otherwise operated by Gel Company through hacking, password mining or any other means, (k) access, or attempt to access, information other than the information Gel Company intends to make available to you, and/or (l) alter or remove any trademark, copyright and/or any other notice contained in any information obtained from the Site.
3. Third Party Content
The Site may contain hyperlinks to other Web sites and Internet resources operated by parties other than Gel Company (“Linked Sites”). Links to and from the Site to other third party sites, maintained by third parties, do not constitute an endorsement by Gel Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates of any third party resources or their contents. Gel Company has no control over any Linked Sites. Any such hyperlinks are provided for your reference only and are included on an “as is” basis. You acknowledge and agree that Gel Company is not responsible for the availability of Linked Sites and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products, privacy policies, or other materials on or available from such Linked Sites. You further acknowledge and agree that Gel Company shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such Linked Site. When you visit a Linked Site, you will no longer be protected by Gel Company privacy statement or security practices. The data collection, use and protection practices of the Linked Site may differ from the practices of Gel Company. You are responsible for viewing and abiding by the privacy statements and Terms posted at the Linked Sites.
4. Indemnification
You agree to indemnify and hold Gel Company, its parents, subsidiaries, and affiliates, suppliers and content providers and their respective directors, officers, employees, agents, shareholders, co-branders, partners, successors and assigns harmless from and against any and all claims, losses, damages, liabilities, judgments, demands, and fees and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorney’s fees) asserted by any third party due to or arising out of (a) your breach of these Terms (including without limitation, any breach of any of your representations, warranties and covenants contained herein), (b) your access to, use of, or conduct on the Site or use of the Service (including, without limitation, any information, products, or other materials), and/or (c) the violation of any rights of another resulting from or relating to your use of the Site or the Service.
5. Web Site Intellectual Property
All materials contained on the Site are protected by copyright, and are owned or controlled by Gel Company, Gel Company’s suppliers, content providers or manufacturers or other authorized suppliers of products offered for sale on the Site, or other third parties. The Site is protected by copyright as a collective work and/or compilation, pursuant to U.S. copyright laws, international conventions, and other copyright laws. The content of the Site is available for your use in making purchasing decisions with regard to products offered for sale on the Site, for administering orders placed on the Site, for educational and related research purposes and for background information on products offered for sale on the Site. You agree to comply with any restrictions contained in any content on the Site. Subject to those restrictions, (a) you may print one (1) copy of any page displayed on the Site (but for educational purposes you may print a reasonable number of copies of any page on the Site), and (b) you may download documents that are made available to you on the Site in the Adobe PDF form, in each instance for your use in making purchasing decisions with regard to products offered for sale on the Site, for administering orders placed on the Site, for educational and related research purposes and/or for background information on products offered for sale on the Site and provided that you maintain all copyright and other notices contained thereon. Copying, storing, or downloading of any content, for purposes other than for your use in making purchasing decisions with regard to products offered for sale on the Site, for administering orders placed on the Site, for educational and related research purposes and/or for background information on products offered for sale on the Site is prohibited without the prior written permission from Gel Company or the copyright holder identified in the individual content copyright notice. In no event may you redistribute any content made available to you through the Site without the prior written permission from Gel Company or the copyright holder identified in the individual content copyright notice. By submitting content to the Site, (a) you grant Gel Company and its affiliates and licensees a nonexclusive, perpetual, worldwide and irrevocable license to use, reproduce, display, perform, adapt, modify, distribute, have distributed, and promote the content in any form for any purpose, and (b) represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the content and that exercise of the foregoing rights granted to Gel Company its affiliates and/or licensees with respect to the content will not infringe or violate the rights of any third party.
6. Limitation of our Liability
To the extent permitted by law, we exclude all conditions, warranties, representations or other terms which may apply to our website or any content on it, whether express or implied.
We will not be liable to any user for any loss or damage, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, even if foreseeable, arising under or in connection with the use of, or inability to use, our website or the use of or reliance on any content displayed on our website.
If you are a business user, please note that in particular, we will not be liable for loss of profits, sales, business, or revenue, business interruption, loss of anticipated savings, loss of business opportunity, goodwill or reputation or any other indirect or consequential loss or damage.
If you are a consumer user, please note that we only provide our website for domestic and private use. You agree not to use our website for any commercial or business purposes, and we have no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or loss of business opportunity.
We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a virus, distributed denial-of-service attack, or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of our website or to your downloading of any content on it, or on any website linked to it.
Links to third party Web sites on this Site are provided solely as a convenience to you. We assume no responsibility for the content of websites linked on our website. If you use these links, you will leave this website. Such links should not be interpreted as endorsement by us of those linked websites. We will not be liable for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.
7. User Submissions and Data Security
See the Gel Company Privacy Policy for information relating to the collection and use of your information. Gel Company reserves the right to restrict access to specific areas exclusively to users who have registered with Gel Company in advance. In registering, a user warrants that he/she is providing accurate, complete and up-to-date information on the registration form. We undertake not to sell, rent or lease it in any way your personally identifiable information with third parties.
Gel Company does not claim ownership of any material, information or other communication you transmit, input, submit, or post to this website (“Communications”). Gel Company will have no obligations with respect to the Communications and such Communications will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. No compensation will be paid with respect to the use of your Communications.
By submitting Communications to Gel Company, you represent and warrant that you have the full rights and authority to post, input, upload or submit such Communications, and that none of such Communications are subject to any copyright or other proprietary right of a third party. You hereby grant Gel Company, its affiliated companies, and its designees a worldwide, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive right and license to use the Communications in connection with the operation of its business.
You are prohibited from posting or transmitting to or from this website any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, or other material that would violate any law. You hereby grant Gel Company, its affiliated companies, and its designees a worldwide, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, copy, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, edit, reformat, distribute and sub-license the Communications (and all data, images, sounds, text, and other things embodied therein) submitted by you to our website and/or to incorporate it in other works regardless of form, medium or technology for any and all commercial or non-commercial purposes. You are prohibited from posting or transmitting to or from this website any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, or other material that would violate any law.
Gel Company may revise these Terms at any time by updating this posting. This page should be reviewed periodically to read the recent Terms, as they are binding. Certain provisions of these Terms may be superseded by expressly designated legal notices or terms located on specific pages of this website.
Copyright in all material used on this site belongs to Gel Company. It is prohibited to integrate the protected contents published on this website into other programs or other websites. Request for permission to reproduce any information contained on this website should be addressed to gelinfo@gelcompany.com.