http://geoinfo.nmt.edu/about/privacypolicy.html
Accessibility
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Public Records
Mailing List
Site Map
Privacy Policy
We are a research and service division of:
Contents
Server Logs
File Transfer Protocol (FTP)
Cookies
E-mail & web Forms
Opting Out of Receiving Unsolicited Mail or E-mail
Related Pages
Terms of Use
Accessibility
Copyright
Notice of Right to Inspect Public Records
Site Overview
The New Mexico Bureau of Geology and Mineral Resources has a firm commitment to your privacy. We do not collect any personally identifiable information (e.g., name, address, or telephone number) unless you voluntarily provide it.
All of our content is suitable for children, with sufficient interest, and some is intended specifically for K-12 teachers and children. We will be happy to respond to a one-time specific request for information via e-mail from children (in compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998). Furthermore, We assume that any information provided to us for purchases made through our site is by adults, or is made with adult consent, because of the use of a credit card or personal check for payment.
Server Logs
Like virtually every website, we do automatically collect certain information in our server logs such as:
Domain, country, IP address
Browser, platform, resolution
Entrance-exit pages, referrals
Date, time
Search terms and search engines
We do generate statistics from our logs to help us better serve our visitors. However, no data specific to an individual access of our site will be shared with any third party unless legally required.
File Transfer Protocol (FTP)
If you access our site via
anonymous file transfer protocol, we will record information similar to what our web server records (IP address, files transferred, etc.). We may also store your e-mail
address if your web browser is configured to provide it (you can configure this behavior through your browser preferences).
Cookies
Some of our pages use cookies, which are very small files stored on your computer to record information about your site preferences. If you choose to disable cookies, our site will still work, but
with some features disabled.
E-mail or web Forms
If you send us e-mail or submit a web form requesting information, we may forward your message to members of our staff who can better answer your questions. We do not compile lists of e-mail addresses from these requests for information.
Opting Out of Receiving Unsolicited Mail or E-mail
If you specifically request to be added to our mailing list, we will infrequently contact
you regarding new publications or other topics that you might be interested in. Should you receive such mail from us that you don't want to receive in the future, we will provide an opt-out
link to remove your name from our mailing list.
Announcements
Our facilities are closed to the public until further notice
News
“The Geology of Southern New Mexico’s Parks, Monuments, and Public Lands” Wins Award!
Animas River Study Finds No Evidence of Groundwater Contamination from Gold King Mine Spill
Aquifer Mapping Program Models Pecos Groundwater System
Job Openings
Accounting Technician
Argon Geochronology Laboratory Research Scientist II