https://globalheritagefund.org/news-resources/library/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Loading...
Donor & Privacy PoliciesMatthew Strebe2020-11-19T16:38:14-08:00
Donor & Privacy Policies
Privacy Policy
Global Heritage Fund (GHF) values its visitors, volunteers, donors, private citizens and other website visitors and places a high priority on conducting business honestly while protecting your privacy. Because we respect your confidentiality, we have created this privacy policy in order to outline what data we collect from you, how we use it, and how it is shared.
This policy applies to all information received by Global Heritage Fund on any platform Global Heritage Fund controls as well as any electronic, written, or oral communications. “Platform” includes but is not limited to the Global Heritage Fund website and social media channels.
Donations
Global Heritage Fund is a tax-exempt, 501(c)(3) organization. No goods or services are provided in exchange for gifts/donations. Contributions are tax deductible to the fullest extent permitted by law.
We request certain information from you on our online and offline donation forms in order to process your donation. To donate to us, you must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date, etc.). This information is used for billing purposes and to process your donations only. Global Heritage Fund will not share or sell a donor’s personal information to any other entity, nor will Global Heritage Fund send our donors communications in any form on behalf of other organizations.
Please note that donations are non-refundable.
Donor Intent Policy
For over a decade, Global Heritage Fund has invested in the conservation of a unique collection of sites spanning the globe and human history.
Many of our supporters choose to focus their generosity on projects that have a personal resonance for them. We honor that generosity by managing their gifts to produce the maximum benefit to the site and the community surrounding it. We are pleased to offer detailed financial statements that document our expenditures upon request.
The nature of our work is seasonal, and our engagement in each site is time-limited. Thus GHF may apply project-designated gifts to defray costs incurred at any point during our stewardship of a particular site, including costs which may have been incurred prior to the receipt of a project-designated gift .
GHF has two goals—to support the preservation of specific heritage sites, and to educate and inspire the public about the importance of preserving these irreplaceable sites. So that we may meet both of these goals, twenty percent of project-designated gifts will be applied toward core operating support unless otherwise specified by the donor and accepted by GHF. This provision allows us to honor the intent and passion of our generous donors, while ensuring the continued strength and success of GHF. Due to the high cost of managing designated funding, donations of less than $5,000 will be considered unrestricted unless they are received in response to a specific project campaign, or the restrictions are accepted by GHF on a case-by-case basis.
If you have any questions or concerns about your gift or our policy, please contact us at 415-654-5572 or email Executive Director, Nada Hosking at exec@globalheritagefund.org.
Online Registration
In order to receive GHF’s communications, individuals must voluntarily provide us with contact information (such as a name and e-mail address) and the permission to send them materials electronically. All online event registration and newsletter signups is transmitted via third-party applications to Global Heritage Fund’s database using encryption technology.
We may use this information for specific, limited purposes, such as sending you newsletters; informing you of updates in our projects and programs; and soliciting donations. Global Heritage Fund will not share or sell a registrant’s personal information to any other entity, nor will Global Heritage Fund send our registrants communications in any form on behalf of other organizations.
You may always “opt out,” either now or at any time in the future, if you do not wish to receive our messages. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
How Your Information May Be Used
We use your personal information to provide you with e-mail newsletters; to send e-mail alerts to you regarding our work and other activities; to answer your queries; to collect data regarding website traffic (e.g. analytics); to solicit donations; etc.
Record Retention
We keep your personal information as accurate, complete, and up to date as is required to fulfill the purpose(s) for which you provided us with your personal information. Upon request in writing we will remove your personal information from our databases, except where legislation or regulation requires our retention of it (for example, charitable giving history tied to income tax receipts.)
Updates
We may update this privacy policy from time to time, so please review it periodically.
Contact
Global Heritage Fund may be contacted by email at info@globalheritagefund.org, by phone at 415-654-5572, and by post at:
Global Heritage Fund220 Montgomery Street Suite 1029San Francisco, CA 94104USA