https://go.okstate.edu/tos/privacy.html
Skip to main content
Home
Terms of Service
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
Last Updated June 06, 2017
Oklahoma State University operates web sites (the "web sites") for the benefit of
our users. We are aware that you, our users, care about how personal information is
used, and we appreciate your trust that we will use it carefully and sensibly.
By visiting our web sites, you are accepting the policies and practices contained
within this Notice.
Personal Information Gathered
The information we obtain from visitors helps us create better online experiences
for our users. This is what we may gather from you:
Information you give us
We receive, and may store, any information you provide on our web sites or give us
in any other way. You can choose not to provide certain information, but as a result,
you may not be able to take advantage of certain services or features. We may use
information collected during current browsing sessions to provide you a more customized
experience in the future. We may also use this information to improve our web sites
and better communicate with you.
Automatic Information
We receive, and may store, certain types of information when you interact with our
web sites. For example, we may store your computer's Internet address, information
about your Web Browser, URLs of referring web sites, and your site navigation histories.
Email Communications
We may use any email address you provide to communicate directly with you. To help
us communicate more effectively with you through e-mail messages, we may receive a
confirmation when you open messages from us if your computer supports such capabilities.
We require that all E-Mail Addresses provided to us be valid; otherwise, we may disregard
them.
We allow you to subscribe to various newsletters and mailing lists throughout the
site. If you no longer wish to receive these emails, please follow the “unsubscribe”
instructions located in the email.
Information from Other Sources
We may receive and store information about you from other sources and add it to our
customer databases.
All information supplied to us through our web sites becomes the property of Oklahoma
State University.
Tracking Technologies
Google Analytics
We use a tool called “Google Analytics” to collect information about use of this site.
Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit this site, what
pages they visit when they do so, and what other sites they used prior to coming to
this site. It also collects data about visitor demographics and interest categories.
It is statistical data. This statistical data does not identify any personal details
whatsoever. We use the information we get from Google Analytics only to improve this
site.
Although Google Analytics places a cookie on your web browser to identify you as a
unique user the next time you visit this site, the cookie cannot be used by anyone
but Google. In addition, the cookie cannot give access to your computer or any information
stored in your computer. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by
Google Analytics about your visits to this site is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy . You can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you on return visits to this
site by disabling cookies on your browser. This may prevent you from taking full advantage
of the website.
Remarketing
We use remarketing service to advertise on third party websites to previous visitors
to our website. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve tailored
ads based on someone’s past visits to the OKSTATE website. It could mean that we advertise
to previous visitors who haven’t completed a task on our site. This could be in the
form of an ad on the Google search results page, or a site in the advertiser's network.
This allows us to market our products and services to those who have shown interest
in the university.
As always we respect your privacy and are not collecting any identifiable information
through the use of Google’s or any other 3rd party remarketing system.
You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Preferences page. You can also opt out of any third-party vendor's use of cookies by visiting the
Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
Sharing Information
We may release personal information when we believe that a release is appropriate
to comply with the law; enforce or apply agreements; or protect rights, property,
or the safety of any party. This includes exchanging information with other organizations
for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Use of our Web Sites
If you choose to visit our web sites, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject
to this Notice and our Terms of Use.
This Privacy Notice and the Terms of Use of our web sites may be updated regularly.
You should check our sites frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated to the
contrary, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about
you. We stand behind the promises we make and will never materially change our policies
and practices to make them less protective of our user information collected in the
past without the consent of the affected users.
If you have any questions regarding your orders, this Privacy Notice, or the Terms
and Conditions under which govern your use of our web sites, please contact the OSU
Communications Department at contactus@okstate.edu
Terms of Service
SVG directory not found.
©