https://go.scale-up.com/privacy
Scale-up.com
Privacy Statement
Last updated: 7 February 2019
Scale-up Systems is committed to protecting your privacy when you use our services and to complying with current legislation regarding Data Protection and Privacy.
Scale-up.com and scaleup.com are our top level domains for a number of public and non-public websites and services. Public sections are designed so that you can navigate through them without revealing any personal information, such as your name, address, e-mail address or phone number.
You may choose to register/sign up for or sign in to non-public Scale-up websites or services. Personal information collected at registration includes your name, e-mail address and country. For some services it may also include your organization, location, job title, phone number and your area of interest.
Secure payment and subscription software billing are handled where applicable by Stripe and event payments are handled by EventBrite. Scale-up.com does not receive or retain payment information details.
Your email address and account password are used to identify you when you enter password-protected areas and to determine your access levels for password-protected content. We use your email address to determine whether you are accessing our services as part of an organization that is a current customer. Your account password is created by you and is not known to Scale-up Systems.
If you are located outside the EU, we initially assume that we may use your contact information (especially your e-mail address) to contact you from time to time, with news such as the schedule of upcoming web training, guest webinars or other events.
In each such communication, you are given the opportunity to opt out of receiving these information messages.
You may also opt out using your Scale-up Account profile page.
If you are located inside the EU, under GDPR regulations after 25 May 2018:
We are a ‘data controller’ and have to inform you about the legal basis for storing your personal information. If your organization is a customer of Scale-up Systems, storage is necessary for the performance of our contractual relationship.
If your organization is not yet a customer, we obtain your consent for storage when you sign up for an account and/or opt in to receive email notifications.
We use your contact information to inform you about our news and events (email notifications).
In each email notification, you are given the opportunity to opt out of receiving these messages.
You may also opt out using your Scale-up Account profile page.
If we have requested confirmation that you would like to continue to receive email notifications and have not received a response, we rely on our legitimate business interest to continue to store your information and keep you on our mailing list until we receive a response.
Our legitimate business interest for storing your information and sending email notifications is to assist with maintaining or developing a business to business contractual relationship.
You have the right to request details of your personal data that we hold.
We have 30 days in which to respond and provide you with this information.
As Scale-up Systems operates globally, we may need to share your personal data with members of our team located outside of the EU from time to time, for example, in order for us to respond to a user support enquiry that you initiate with us.
We share your information only to the minimum extent required in order to meet our contractual obligations to your organization.
It may be necessary for us to store your personal data on infrastructure owned by our partners who provide computing/cloud infrastructure to support delivery of scale-up.com services.
Those partners include Microsoft and Amazon and we apply strict security protocols governing access to and management of this infrastructure.
We take what we believe to be appropriate steps to protect data from loss, misuse, unauthorized use, access, inadvertent disclosure, alteration and destruction. However, no network, server, database or Internet or e-mail transmission is ever fully secure or error free. Therefore, you should take care in deciding what information you send to us electronically.
Some access to services or licenses provided by Scale-up Systems may depend on users belonging to a company, organization or other entity, which owns the relevant access or license entitlements. Where this is the case, some personally identifiable access or usage data may be shared with the owners, administrators or other users of the entitlement.
We do not sell, rent or lease your personally identifiable or company information to others. We do not use your personally identifiable information in ways other than those described above without first notifying you and offering you the opportunity to exclude your information.
Our data retention policy varies depending on the type of data.
In general we retain records for 7 years after the last activity.
When required by law, contracts or tax authorities, we retain some records for longer than this.
If you do not use our services for 7 years, your Scale-up Account is deleted.
You can access your Scale-up Account contact information online at https://account.scale-up.com/profile. You may also use your profile to request deletion of your account.
This ends your access to Scale-up websites and services.
If your organization is not currently under contract with Scale-up Systems, you may request deletion of your contact information from our systems.
This ends your access to Scale-up websites or services.
Your contact information is also removed from our mailing list and deleted from our internal systems.
Links to third party websites from Scale-up websites or services may be provided from time to time solely as a convenience to you. Accessing any of the third party websites via links from Scale-up websites or services is entirely at your own risk.
This privacy statement and web page may be updated from time to time as necessary to comply with applicable laws or to enhance our data protection measures.
If you would like to contact us about privacy and data protection, please email privacy@scale-up.com.