https://gotgrit.com/privacy.php/osCsid/2adb1201bd95a626172a137c03fc2626
Cart ContentsCheckoutMy Account
Top » Catalog » Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
Your Privacy
At Got Grit, we are committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information we collect about you to process orders and to provide a more personalized shopping experience. Please read below for details.
What information do we collect? How do we use it?
When you order, we need to know your name, e-mail address, mailing address, credit card number, and expiration date. This allows us to process and fulfill your order and to notify you of your order status.
When you sign up for our any of our notification services (Newsletter or product Notifications), we need your e-mail address--which we use to send the information you requested.
When you place an order or sign up for one of our promotional features, we may ask for your name, address, and e-mail address so we can communicate with you about your order or the promotion.
We personalize your shopping experience by using your purchases to shape our recommendations about products, events, destinations and review information that might be of interest to you. We also monitor customer traffic patterns and site usage to help us develop the design and layout of our site.
We may also use the information we collect to occasionally notify you about important functionality changes to our website, new Got Grit services, and special offers we think you'll find valuable. If you would rather not receive this information, you can follow the removal instructions that accompany each of our newsletters. Make sure to change your preferences for each account or e-mail address you have left with us.
How does Got Grit protect customer information?
When you place orders or access your account information, we offer the use of a secure server. The secure server software (SSL) encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us. Furthermore, all of the customer data we collect is protected against unauthorized access.
What about "cookies"?
"Cookies" are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. Our cookies do not contain any personally identifying information, but they do enable us to provide features and us to store items in your shopping cart between visits. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser to prevent that. Even without a cookie, you can still use most of the features on our website, including placing items in your shopping cart and purchasing them.
Will Got Grit disclose the information it collects to outside parties?
Got Grit does not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others. Got Grit may provide aggregate statistics about our customers, sales, traffic patterns, and related site information to reputable third-party vendors, but these statistics will include no personally identifying information. Got Grit may release account information when we believe, in good faith, that such release is reasonably necessary to (i) comply with law, (ii) enforce or apply the terms of any of our user agreements or (iii) protect the rights, property or safety of Got Grit, our users, or others.
How does Got Grit allow customers to update or change the information it collects?
You may update or change information related to your Got Grit account by following the MyAccount link listed on the web site.
Your consent
By using our website, you consent to the collection and use of this information by Got Grit. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Tell us what you think
We welcome your questions and comments about privacy. Please feel free to contact us.
Continue
Categories ATM List Specials (1)Polish-> (5)Grit & Pitch-> (68)Tile Tool (18)Grit Kits (7)Grinding Kits (7)Polishing Pads (2)Plate Glass (3)Pyrex BlanksBulk Grit (12)
What's New? WAO 25 Micron 5 LB$27.65USD
Quick Find
Use keywords to find the product you are looking for.Advanced Search
Tutorials
Hogging Tile Tool Coarse Sharpie Test The Sharpie Test
Information
Shipping & Returns Privacy Notice Conditions of Use Contact Us
Cool Links
ATM Mailing List How To Figure 8" to 12" Mirrors Thin Mirror Cell Design (PLOP) Mirror Silvering Supplies Notes on the Silvering of Mirrors Grit Size Table Facts and Quizes My Web Hosting
Shopping Cart 0 items
Bestsellers SiC # 80 1 LBGugolz Pitch #64 - 1 LB UnitAccuLap Pitch - HA30 Standard (G64) - RECOMMENDEDSiC #120 1 LBGugolz Pitch #73 - 1 LB UnitSiC #220 1 LBSiC # 60 1 LBGugolz Pitch #64 - 1 KG UnitAccuLap Pitch - HA60 Very Firm (G73)WAO 25 Micron 1 LB
Reviews I have a complaint that this company can easily fix. Ihave h ..
Languages
Copyright © 2020 Got GritPowered by osCommerce