https://greenmoab.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main contentPrivacy Policy
Our Commitment to Privacy
Your privacy is important to us and we are committed to maintaining your trust. We use information collected about you to enhance our service to you and provide a more helpful web experience.
The Information We Collect
For each visitor to the Green Mountain Antibodies web site, our web server automatically records the IP address. This information is used in aggregate to analyze trends, track movement within the site, and gather information on pages accessed. IP addresses are not linked to personal information and cannot identify any individual person.
All personally identifying information about individuals is collected only when specifically and knowingly provided. The pages on which this information is requested are the registration form and the inquiry form. The types of personal information collected are:
NameInstitutionDepartmentPositionEmail AddressStreet AddressCity/State/Zip CodeCountryTelephone NumberFax Number
Cookies
Cookies are small bits of information that are stored on your computer’s hard drive by your browser. Cookies are used solely to identify users who have visited the Green Mountain Antibodies web site and to retain information about their registration status. Cookies are not used to gather any personal information and have no value to any third party. Green Mountain Antibodies utilizes cookies to allow users to enter information just once.
No Disclosure of Information
All information provided by users or related to user interactions is kept confidential. We will not use, share, rent, or sell this information and we do not intend to do so in the near future. Any changes to this policy will be announced and users will be given the opportunity to instruct us on information-sharing requirements.
Opt-Out Opportunities
Users are provided with opt-out opportunities on all forms on which information is collected. Customers who do not wish to receive promotions by email, mail, telephone, or fax may request that their names be removed from the promotion list or the method of contact limited.
Your Consent
By using the Green Mountain Antibodies web site, you are consenting to our collection and use of both automatically and voluntarily collected information. All changes to our policy will be posted here.
By continuing to use this website, you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with our Privacy Policy.OkPrivacy policy