https://helgroup.com/privacy-policy/
Home > Privacy Policy
Privacy and GDPR Policy Statement
H.E.L Group (which means HEL Ltd and their associated companies) is committed to protecting your privacy when you use our on-line, telephone or other services (“Services”) and to comply with current legislation regarding Data Protection and Privacy. This policy sets out how H.E.L Group will use and protect any information in our care.
HEL Group may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page occasionally to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
Any questions regarding our Privacy Policy should be directed to contact at H.E.L Group at privacy@helgroup.com or alternatively see the section “Controlling your personal information” below.
This policy is effective from 15th May 2018.
What we do with the information we gather
HEL Group requires this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Process orders or applications submitted by you using our accounts systems
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
H.E.L Group is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. If we should ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
H.E.L Groups GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation) Commitment
Within the scope of our business, which is the manufacturing of chemical reactors, consultancy services, training courses, equipment service and after; H.E.L Group can be classified as ‘Controllers’ of Data. We do not process information for others, neither do we profile or manipulate data to generate insights into our customers.
We take our responsibilities seriously and are therefore committed to:
Fair and transparent processing
The legitimate interests pursued by controllers in specific contexts
Clarity on the collection of personal data, where it is applicable to our systems
The pseudonymisation of personal data
Supporting our customers with the information they can provide to individuals and the exercise of the rights of individuals
Technical and organisational measures, including data protection by design and by default and security measures
Breach notification
Maintaining an information security system, including procedures for complaints and dispute resolution.
The following information may be collected
Name of Individuals
Company name
Company address
Phone Number
Email Address
Area Of Interest For H.E.L Group product, including records of meetings and correspondence
We class this data as Legitimate Interests as the scope of this information is restricted to our business to business relationship. This would only classify as personal data where the individual’s business status is recognised as such in the UK and European Law.
You may be asked, either when you register with us, or at other times, for information about yourself, including your name, e-mail address, postal address and telephone number. You may also be asked to share with us your professional interests.
You are under no obligation to provide this information, but if you don’t then we may not be able to provide you with certain services or personalise your experience and tailor our Services for you (for example, tell you about special offers on things you’re interested in).
To minimise any impact, the email system used keeps a track of customers’ preferences and offers an opt-out facility with every communication, this is highlighted in the section “Controlling your personal information”
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.In addition, our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary and only authorised personnel have access to user information.
Log files/IP addresses
When you visit our Web Sites, we automatically log your IP address (the unique address which identifies your computer on the internet) which is automatically recognised by our web server. We use IP addresses to help us administer our Web Sites and to collect broad demographic information for aggregate use. We do not link IP addresses to personally identifiable information.
Google and BING Analytics
We use Google and BING Analytics to collect information on how visitors use our website. This information helps us to generate reports and to help us develop our website. The information collected is in an anonymous form. The type of information collected is the number of visitors to the site, how visitors have arrived at our website and all the pages that are visited.
For further details, you can visit
Google Analytics: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/BING Analytics: https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-gb/privacystatement/
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict or opt-out the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
Whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you want the information to be used for direct marketing purposes. You will be actively asked if you wish HEL Group to be added to our CRM and email list.
If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at privacy@helgroup.com
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of all the information which we hold about you under GDPR. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to; Administration Manager, HEL Ltd, 9-10 Capital Business Park, Manor Way, Borehamwood, HertfordshireWD6 1GW. UK, or email privacy@helgroup.com
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the use of cookies as set out in our privacy policyCookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.