https://help.imdb.com/article/imdb/general-information/imdb-site-index/GNCX7BHNSPBTFALQ?ref_=ft_si#so
IMDb.com
IMDbPro.com
Login
Log in for IMDbPro member support
Log in for IMDb general Support
Help Center
All help topics
IMDb:
General Information
Track Movies & TV
Discover & Watch
Featured Content
Social
Special Events
Mobile Web & Apps
New Features & Updates
IMDb:
General Information
What is IMDb?
Why should I register on IMDb?
Site preferences
IMDb Site Index
IMDb login/registration issues
Why do I need to enable my cookies on IMDb?
How can I access or delete personal information IMDb stores about me?
How do I update my email address?
I never received my registration email. How do I login?
When I login it says there was a problem. How do I login?
My watchlist, ratings, and settings are gone. What happened?
Why do I get an error message when I try to update my email?
How do I link or unlink my Facebook and IMDb accounts?
I don't have access to my email, how can I recover my account?
I used a third party linked account to sign up and no longer have access to the account. How do I access my IMDb account?
How can I delete my IMDb account?
How do I delete my account when I don't have access to the email address?
Sprinklr community access - You're about to leave IMDb.com
How to effectively report problems
How to report security issues and vulnerabilities
Why is IMDb displaying differently on my browser?
What's your phone number?
How do I link to a specific page on your site?
Where does the information on IMDb come from?
Can I use IMDb data in my software?
Can I use your data in a book/website/magazine?
Can I use a photo from your site for my web site or publication?
What's the difference between an IMDb page and user profile?
What is the ‘Your Activity’ page?
FAQ for the 'Your Activity' feature
Is my activity page private?
User naming - User ID, Real name, IMDb page
How can I change my User ID?
How can I upload an avatar to my ‘Your Activity’ page?
How do I report an inappropriate avatar?
FAQ for the ‘Recently Viewed’ feature
You have so much information! Where should I start?
How much does using IMDb cost?
What is the difference between IMDb and IMDbPro?
How do I break into show business?
Can you help me contact a celebrity listed on IMDb?
Can you get rid of the ads on your site?
What is an Enhanced Page?
How can I personalize my advertising settings?
Why do I need to enter a Captcha?
Boards Closure FAQ
What software are you using to run IMDb?
Hammer Software License
Why am I being redirected to IMDb?
IMDb Partners
Advertise on IMDb
Content licensing
Press information
IMDb Site Index
If you are curious about the wide variety of features at IMDb, here is a good road map for finding your way around:
Academy Museum The Academy of Motion Pictures Arts & Sciences is building the world’s leading movie museum in the heart of Los Angeles, scheduled to open in 2019
Activity Page Visit your activity page, including your badges, ratings, watchlist plus other information about you as a user of IMDb
Advertising Get more information about advertising opportunities on IMDb
Amazon Originals See photos, videos, and more from the latest Amazon Originals for the big and small screen
Android App IMDb for Android phones and tablets, download for free
Awards Central Awards Central - Nominees and Winners for Oscars, Golden Globes, Independent Spirit Awards, BAFTAs, Critics' Choice and SAGs
Badges Earn badges for your user activity page
Best of the year See the top 10 stars, top movies, top TV, breakout stars and more
Birthdays Who was born on your birthday?
Bottom 100 The 100 lowest rated movies according to our users
Box Office Weekly winners at the box office
Box Office Mojo Our partner site, delivering detailed box office numbers from the US and international markets
Calendar Release calendar for movies worldwide
Celebrity News Get the latest celebrity news
Cannes Film Festival Coverage of the Cannes Film Festival
Comic-Con Complete coverage of the big events including panels, parties, and the big reveals
Coming Soon Coming Soon to a theater near you
Contact Us Contact IMDb Customer Service
Contributor Zone Useful tools for people contributing data
DVD and Blu-ray See the newest DVD and Blu-ray releases each weekDeveloper Find information for how to gain access to IMDb's metadata for every movie, TV series and video game title as well as performers and creators, along with full lifetime box office grosses from IMDbPro's Box Office Mojo.
Emmy Awards Our coverage of the primetime Emmy nominations and award show
Events A complete list of awards and events
Facebook IMDb's main Facebook page, used to share the major entertainment news stories, photos, trailers of the day
Fall TV New shows, trailers, galleries featuring all the latest for Fall TV
Family Entertainment Guide Looking for movies and TV shows the whole family can watch together? Check out IMDb's Family Entertainment Guide
Feedback Send us feedback
Festival Central Follow our coverage of the biggest film festivals of the year including Cannes, Tribeca, and TIFF with movie guides, editors' picks, photo galleries, exclusive video, and more
Genres Love westerns? Comedies? Film noir? Click on the genre links to go to the biggest and best collection of films sorted by their type
Home IMDb home page
IMDb Picks Get top picks for movies and TV along with other content from our editors
IMDbPro Our membership site aimed at entertainment industry professionals
India Spotlight Discover top rated movies and TV shows popular on IMDb in India
iOS App IMDb for iPhone/iPad/iPod, download for free
In Production News and info on upcoming films and shows at IMDbPro
In Theaters Showtimes and tickets for movies in theaters now
Instagram Follow IMDb on Instagram
Interfaces IMDb Datasets: Subsets of IMDb data for personal and non-commercial use
Jobs at IMDb We love what we do and are looking for passionate, smart people to share our vision and make it a reality
Keywords Search for a keyword, pick from one of our example starting points, or browse all keywords
Kindle App IMDb on your Kindle Fire, download for free
Latest Posters A poster gallery curated by IMDb's editors
Login Registered IMDb users can login here
Mobile Site A streamlined version of our site designed for use on mobile devices
News Top news from the entertainment industry
Oscars Nominees and winners from 1929-today (also, see our Awards Central section)
Oscar Winners See the latest Oscar best picture winners
Podcasts Get more information about the IMDb Podcasts : Movies That Changed My Life & That Scene
Polls Vote in our movie, TV and celebrity polls
Popular Celebrities IMDb's most popular celebrities
Popular Movies IMDb's most popular movies
Popular TV IMDb's most popular TV showsPress Room A place to find IMDb press releases, publicity team contact information, and more
Privacy Policy Our privacy policy
Processing Times Current processing times for newly submitted data, updated daily
Ratings Keep track of your ratings of which movies and TV shows you did and didn't likeRecommendations Get personalized recommendations of movies and shows to watch
Registration Register with the IMDb for additional services, privileges and personalization
Scary Good Beware! Beyond this link is a terrifying destination of all things horror for those who like classic chills and modern day thrills
Scorecard For filmmakers and production companies to add trailers, videos and more to their titles
Search - Advanced Compose detailed search queries
Search - Name Compose advanced searches involving names
Search - Title Compose advanced searches involving titles
Showtimes & Tickets Movie showtimes in several countries and online ticketing in the US
Statistics Statistical breakdown of IMDb dataSupport Visit IMDb's community support at Sprinklr
Sundance Film Festival Coverage of the Sundance Film Festival
Summer Movie Guide Our 2018 Summer Movie Guide
Top Rated Movies The Top Rated 250 movies as determined by user votes
Top Rated TV The Top Rated 250 TV shows as determined by user votes
Toronto Film Festival Coverage of the Toronto Film Festival
Trailers Watch trailers for upcoming and recent releases
Tribeca Film Festival Coverage of the Tribeca Film Festival
Twitter Our main @IMDb Twitter account, covering the latest and biggest movie and TV news, trailers, photos and more.
Watchlist Keep track of all of the movies and TV shows you want to watch
What's on TV and Streaming Find out what's on television and what is new on streaming services such as Prime Video, Netflix, Hulu, and more.
What to Watch Personalized movie and TV recommendations, alongside relevant IMDb original content that helps customers decide what to watch.
Your Account Update your account details and site preferences
X-Ray Learn about X-Ray for Movies & TV, powered by IMDb
Back to top
IMDb general support
Our support community is always around to help
Need more help? Visit the official IMDb support community powered by Sprinklr.
Issues logging in to IMDb? Get login help.
Industry professional, not a member yet? Join IMDbPro.
© 1990-2020 IMDb.com, Inc. or its affiliates.
IMDb Conditions of Use
|
IMDbPro Subscriber Agreement
|
Privacy Policy
|
Jobs