https://historyofeconomics.org/privacy-policy/
Home » Privacy Policy
HES Website Privacy Policy
Last updated: June 18, 2018
INTRODUCTION
The History of Economics Society (HES) (collectively, “we,” “us,” or “our”) respect your privacy and is committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy. Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. By submitting your information to the Society you consent to the practices described in this policy. If you are less than 18 years of age, then you must first seek the consent of your parent or guardian prior to submitting any personal information.
This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you (in email, text, and other electronic messages between you and the Society) or that you may provide when you visit the website www.historyofeconomics.org (our “website”) and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.
This policy may change from time to time (see “Changes to Our Privacy Policy” below). Your continued use of this website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
PERSONAL DATA PROCESSING
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is the new European Union (EU) Regulation on the protection of personal data which replaces the Directive 95/46/EC and are in force throughout the EU since 25 May 2018. The purpose of the GDPR is to harmonize and strengthen the protection of privacy and personal data in the EU. To make sure that we comply with the requirements of the GDPR and that we process your data fairly and lawfully, we need your consent.
The History of Economics Society (HES) is a non-profit international organization that aims to promote interest in and inquiry into the history of economics and related parts of intellectual history; to facilitate communication and discourse among scholars working in the field of the history of economics; and to disseminate knowledge about the history of economics.
The operative office of the Society is in Wisconsin, University of Wisconsin Oshkosh, Department of Economics, 800 Algoma Blvd., Oshkosh, WI 54901, USA (c/o Marianne Johnson). Though we are not in the EU, we collect and process all personal data in accordance with GDPR.
What categories of personal data are we collecting from you?
We process and collect data about HES members, as well as of individuals who have worked with HES in the past, have attended our events, or expressed interest in HES activities and visited our website. For HES members (who have created a user account in our website) we collect:
contact details, such as your name, email address, postal address and telephone number;
Internet Protocol (“IP”) addresses used the last time to connect your computer to the Internet and login to your user account;
educational and professional interests;
tracking codes such as cookies when members login to their accounts;
usernames and passwords of member’s user account;
comments, feedback, posts and other content anyone (member or not) provide to our social media;
purchase history in our membership and conference stores.
Personal information will not be kept longer than is necessary for the purpose for which it was collected. This means that, unless information must be retained for legal or archival purposes, personal information will be securely destroyed, put beyond use or erased from the Society’s systems when it is no longer required or, where applicable, following a request from you to destroy or erase your personal information.
How do we use your data?
We use your personal data for sending you updates on our Society and event invitations. The legal basis for the processing of your personal data is your consent.
The Society will not sell or share the personal information you provide or we collect through our website to any unaffiliated organization without your permission, with the following exceptions: (1.) We may share personal information with third parties who provide services, such as website hosting or other services of an administrative or technical nature, solely for the purpose of providing such services and subject to confidentiality obligations. (2.) We securely share the mailing address of our members with Cambridge University Press so that members receive physical copies of our journal published by them, the Journal of the History of Economic Thought (JHET). (3.) We list member’s research interests and email address in our “Member Directory” available in our website (https://historyofeconomics.org/member-directory/). (4.)In addition, we reserve the right to disclose personal information about visitors: if we believe in good faith that the law permits it; to protect the rights, property, safety or security of the Society, our visitors, our registered users or the public; to respond to an emergency; or to enforce any terms of use agreement governing use of a website controlled or operated by us.
If we disclose your personal data to companies which provide services to our Society, they will act on the behalf and under the written instructions of our Society and are not allowed to use your data for their benefit or disclose this to third parties. You will be adequately and immediately informed about any change in both the categories of data collected and in the use we make of them.
Data Security
The security of your personal data is of the utmost importance for us. HES is committed to maintaining the highest technical and organizational measures to protect the integrity, confidentiality and availability of your personal data and to protect them against unauthorized access, misuse, disclosure, unlawful destruction or loss.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone. We urge you to be careful about giving out information in public areas of the website. The information you share in public areas may be viewed by any user of the website.
What are your rights and where can you address them?
You have the right to request access, erasure, rectification, restriction and the right to request from us to send to you or others of your choice your personal data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. Also, you can at any time withdraw your consent for the use of your data for the Society’s activities. You can exercise your rights above by sending an email to hes@uwosh.edu.
If you consider that our Society violates the applicable data protection laws when processing your personal data, please let us know.
THIS WEBSITE
This page also describes the methods of management of the website with reference to the processing of the personal data of users who consult it. This is a disclosure made also to those who interact with the web services of HES, accessible by electronic means via the address: www.historyofeconomics.org. The disclosure is made only for the History of Economics Society (HES) website and not for any other websites consulted by the user through links.
DATA CONTROLLER
Following consultation of this website, data on identified or identifiable persons may be processed. The “data controller” is the History of Economics Society (HES).
PLACE OF DATA PROCESSING
The processing of data connected with the web services of this site takes place at the above office and is performed only by the technical personnel responsible the processing, or by persons in charge of occasional maintenance operations. No personal data deriving from the web service is disseminated. The personal data provided by users are used for the sole purpose of performing the service or task requested and are communicated to third parties only when necessary for this purpose.
TYPES OF DATA PROCESSED
Navigation data
During their normal operation, the information systems and software procedures used for the functions of this website acquire certain personal data, the transmission of which is implicit in the use of the Internet, which is based on Internet communication protocols. This is information which is not gathered to be associated with identified data subjects, but which by its very nature could, through processing and association with data held by others, enable the users to be identified. This category of data includes the “IP addresses” or domain names of the computers used by users who visit the website, the addresses in URI (Uniform Resource Identifier) format of the resources requested, the time of the request, the method used in submitting the request to the web server, the dimensions of the file obtained in response, the numerical code indicating the state of the response given by the web server (success, error, etc.) and other parameters relating to the user’s operating system and IT environment. These data are used for the sole purpose of obtaining anonymous statistical information on the use of the website and to check the correct operation of the website. These data could be used to ascertain responsibility in the case of computer crime which harms the website.
Data voluntarily provided by the user
The optional, explicit and voluntary sending of emails to the addresses indicated in the website entail the subsequent acquisition of the applicant’s e-mail address as well as any other personal data included within the message, necessary to respond to the requests. These data are also used for the sole purpose of performing the service or task requested and are communicated to third parties only when necessary for this purpose.
USE OF COOKIES
A cookie is an information text string placed on an internet user’s hard drive. It is generated by a webpage server, which is basically the computer that operates a website. The information the cookie contains is set by the server and it can be used by that server whenever the user visits the site. Our website does not use any cookie for the transmission of personal data. The use of “Session cookies” (which are persistently recorded on the user’s computer and are cancelled as soon as the browser is closed, unless the user has checked the “Keep me signed in” box in the login page) is strictly limited to the transmission of ID – tracking numbers of any session (made up of casual numbers generated by the server) which are necessary to provide safe and efficient browsing of the site. Therefore, when a member login into a user account, they provide consent to place a cookie on their computer. When the “Keep me signed in” box is checked, the session cookies are not cancelled when the browser is closed. The “session cookies” used on this website avoid the use of other technologies that could compromise the privacy of the users and do not allow the acquisition of personal identification data.
The cookies used in this site are:
Technical cookies
These cookies are necessary for the site to work properly. They make possible the navigation of the various pages, records whether or not the cookies notification pop-up has been acknowledged by a user.
Third-party cookies
Google Analytics rules and policies: https://www.cookielaw.org/google-analytics-eu-cookie-law/
Facebook’s rules and policies: https://www.facebook.com/help/cookies/
Facebook (configuration): access your account. Section privacy.
Twitter’s rules and policies: https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/twitter-cookies
Disactivation of cookies
You can freely accept or decline receiving all or some of our cookies, but remember that the transmission by our website of some non-persistent cookies is required to allow the operation of certain parts of the service that require identifying the user’s path through different pages of the site. If you accept receiving cookies by our website, you can at any time change the choice and easily disactivate all or some cookies by using the configuration options of the browser you’re using (please visit your browser’s technical notes on cookies).
PROCESSING METHOD
Personal data are processed with automated and non-automated instruments only for the time strictly necessary to achieve the purposes for which they were gathered. Specific security measures are used to prevent loss of data, illegal or incorrect use and unauthorized access.
RIGHTS OF DATA SUBJECTS
Subjects to whom any personal data gathered in the said specific sections refer, have the right at any time to obtain confirmation of the existence or otherwise of the said data and to know their content and origin, check their exactness or request additions or updates, or rectification. The data subject has the right to request the cancellation, transformation into an anonymous form, or to object to their processing, in any case, for legitimate reasons. Requests should be addressed to the History of Economics Society, e-mail: hes@uwosh.edu.
CHILDREN UNDER THE AGE OF 13
The HES is concerned about the safety and privacy of children online. Because of this, we will make all efforts to comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA). COPPA and its accompanying FTC regulations establish United States federal law that protects the privacy of children using the Internet. Our website is not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any information to or on the website. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at hes@uwosh.edu.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy with a notice on our website home page. If we make material changes to how we treat our users’ personal information, we will notify you by email to the contact information specified in your account or through a notice on the website home page. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable contact information for you, and for periodically visiting our website and this privacy policy to check for any changes.