https://historyofeconomics.org/terms-of-use/
Home » Terms of Use
Terms of Use
Last updated: June 18, 2018
Acceptance of Terms
historyofeconomics.org, including all site-related content and services (collectively, “historyofeconomics.org”) is provided by the History of Economics Society (HES) (the “Society,” “HES,” “we,” “us”). Your use of historyofeconomics.org is subject to your compliance with the terms and conditions set forth in this Terms of Use agreement (“Terms of Use”), which supplement any additional guidelines or other terms posted by the Society in relation to specific site-related services or content. Although you can access and read portions of historyofeconomics.org just by visiting the site, you must sign up to use certain historyofeconomics.org features – such as membership area and access to the issues of the Journal of the History of Economic Thought (JHET). Please note that we reserve the right to update or modify the Terms of Use without advance notice by posting a revised Terms of Use to this website. Visitors to historyofeconomics.org (“you”) can determine whether the Terms of Use has been modified since your last visit by checking the “Last updated” legend posted at the top of the Terms of Use. By using historyofeconomics.org, you agree to be bound by the version of the Terms of Use then in effect. If at any point you no longer agree to the Terms of Use, please discontinue your use of historyofeconomics.org. The Society may deny service to you at any time, including in the event you do not adhere to the Terms of Use.
The Society’s Proprietary Rights and Re-Use Policy
The Society is an international organization with an operative office in Oshkosh, Wisconsin (USA). Our mission is to promote interest in and inquiry into the history of economics and related parts of intellectual history; to facilitate communication and discourse among scholars working in the field of the history of economics; and to disseminate knowledge about the history of economics.
You acknowledge and agree that the information and materials presented on or through historyofeconomics.org will remain the property of the Society and its licensors or providers, and are protected by copyright, trademark, patent, and/or other proprietary rights and related laws, rules and regulations. The materials produced by or for the Society (including editorial content, photographs, graphics, video and audio content) are protected by copyright as a collective work or compilation under the copyright laws of the United States and other countries. All individual articles, content, and other elements comprising this compilation and produced by or for the Society are also copyrighted works. You agree to abide by all additional copyright notices or restrictions contained in any materials produced by or for the Society.
The trademarks, service marks, logos and trade names displayed on historyofeconomics.org (collectively the “Marks”) are the registered and unregistered trademarks of the Society, the Society’s licensors and suppliers, and others. The Marks owned by the Society, whether registered or unregistered, may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not the Society’s. Please review our Re-Use Policy, which is incorporated into this Terms of Use by this reference, to determine how you may use certain materials posted on historyofeconomics.org.
Links
historyofeconomics.org provides links to other websites and resources. Because the Society has no control over these sites and resources, you acknowledge and agree that the Society does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such sites or resources. The Society is providing these links to you only as a convenience. The Society has the right but not the obligation to block links from or to historyofeconomics.org at any time.
Claims of Copyright Infringement
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the “DMCA”) provides recourse for copyright owners who believe that material appearing on the Internet infringes their rights under U.S. copyright law. If you believe in good faith that materials hosted by the Society infringe your copyright, you (or your agent) may send us a notice requesting that the material be removed, or access to it blocked. Notices and counter-notices must meet the then-current statutory requirements imposed by the DMCA; see http://www.loc.gov/copyright/ for details.
Notices and counter-notices with respect to historyofeconomics.org should be emailed to us at the address: hes@uwosh.edu.
Privacy Policy
All information provided by you or collected by us during visits to historyofeconomics.org (including when you register to become a member or sign up to use certain features) is governed by the Society’s Privacy Policy, which is hereby incorporated into the Terms of Use by this reference. Please review it carefully at https://historyofeconomics.org/privacy-policy/.
Jurisdictional Issues
historyofeconomics.org is controlled and operated by the Society from its office in Oshkosh, WI, U.S.A., and is not intended to subject the Society to the laws or jurisdiction of any other state, country or territory. Those who choose to access historyofeconomics.org do so on their own initiative and at their own risk, and are solely responsible for complying with all local laws, rules, and regulations.
Termination
You agree that the Society, in its sole discretion, may terminate your use of historyofeconomics.org or any part thereof, at any time and for any reason, including if the Society believes that you have violated or acted inconsistently with the spirit of the Terms of Use. Further, you agree that the Society will not be liable to you or any third party for any termination of your access to historyofeconomics.org.
Disclaimers
HISTORYOFECONOMICS.ORG IS PROVIDED “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY. YOU AGREE THAT YOU MUST EVALUATE AND BEAR ALL RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH THE USE OF HISTORYOFECONOMICS.ORG, AND ANY RELIANCE ON THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, OR USEFULNESS THEREOF. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, THE SOCIETY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO HISTORYOFECONOMICS.ORG.
historyofeconomics.org may include inadvertent inaccuracies or errors, or information or materials that violate the Terms of Use. Additionally, the possibility exists that a third party could make unauthorized alterations to historyofeconomics.org content or features. Although we attempt to ensure the integrity of historyofeconomics.org, we make no guarantees as to its completeness or correctness. In the event that a situation arises in which historyofeconomics.org’s completeness or correctness is in question, please contact us with, if possible, a description of the material to be checked and the location (URL) where such material can be found on historyofeconomics.org, as well as information sufficient to enable us to contact you.
Limitation of Liability
NEITHER THE SOCIETY NOR ANY OF OUR OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES OR CONSULTANTS ARE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE OR OTHER DAMAGES UNDER ANY CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER THEORY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING IN ANY WAY TO HISTORYOFECONOMICS.ORG AND/OR MATERIALS CONTAINED THEREON, ANY LINKED SITE OR ANY CONTENT OR SERVICE AVAILABLE THROUGH HISTORYOFECONOMICS.ORG. YOUR SOLE REMEDY FOR DISSATISFACTION WITH THE SITE, CONTENT, SERVICES OR ANY LINKED SITE IS TO STOP YOUR USE OF IT.
Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless the Society and our officers, employees and consultants, from and against any and all claims, damages, losses, costs (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) and other expenses that arise out of or from: (a) your activities in connection with historyofeconomics.org; (b) any violation of these Terms of Use by you; or (c) any allegation that any submissions or other materials you submit to us or transmit to historyofeconomics.org infringe or otherwise violate the copyright, trademark, trade secret, or other intellectual property or other rights of any third party.
Miscellaneous
These Terms of Use are governed by the laws of the State of Wisconsin, United States of America, without regard to its conflict of law principles. You agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of any court located in the jurisdiction of the State of Wisconsin, United States of America, and waive any jurisdictional, venue, or inconvenient forum objections to such courts, in any matter arising out of or related to historyofeconomics.org or these Terms of Use. If any provision of these Terms of Use is found to be unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision will be deemed severable from these Terms of Use and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. The Society may assign its rights and obligations under these Terms of Use. These, together with all policies referred to herein, is the entire agreement between us relating to the subject matter herein and supersedes any and all prior or contemporaneous written or oral agreements between us with respect to such subject matter.