https://hoare.co.uk/privacy-policy
Call Us: 01322 866110
Laboratory Fit-Out and Refurbishment
Home
About Us
Why Choose Hoare?
Our History
Company Policies
Laboratory Products
Laboratory Furniture
Fume Cupboards, Extract Hoods & Cabinets
Laboratory Safety Products
Fume Extraction, Supply Air & Ventilation
Mechanical Pipework
Electrical Wiring
Building Works & Alterations
Laboratory Chairs & Stools
Technical Doors
Customers / Projects
Case Studies
Project List
Laboratory Services
News
Downloads
Restricted Documents
Documents
Useful Links
Contact
Contacts
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is critically important to us. At Hoare Laboratory Engineering, we have a few fundamental principles:
We are thoughtful about the personal information we ask you to provide and the personal information that we collect about you through the operation of our services
We store personal information for only as long as we have a reason to keep it
We aim to make it as simple as possible for users to control what information we hold about them
We aim for full transparency on how we gather, use, and share your personal information
Who We Are and What This Policy Covers
We are Hoare Laboratory Engineering (Hoare). We own and operate this website.
This Privacy Policy applies to information that we collect about you when you use the website at https://hoare.co.uk
Information We Collect
We only collect information about you if we have a reason to do so – for example, to provide our Services, to communicate with you, or to make our Services better. Let’s go over the information that we collect.
Information You Provide to Us
It’s probably no surprise that we collect information that you provide to us. The amount and type of information depends on the context and how we use the information.
If you complete one of our forms,  you provide personal information that is required to process enquiries, such as your name and contact information. We do not process or store any personal payment details on hoare.co.uk
Information Automatically Collected
Like most online service providers, our servers automatically log information that web browsers, mobile devices, and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, IP address, unique device identifiers, language preference, referring site, the date and time of access, operating system, and mobile network information. This data is strictly necessary for the purposes of preventing fraud and ensuring network and information security.
Do We Share Information?
We do not sell our users’ private personal information. We share information about you in the limited circumstances spelled out below and with appropriate safeguards on your privacy
Subsidiaries and Employees
We may disclose information about you to our emplyees for the sole purpose of satisfying enquiries. We require our subsidiaries and employees to follow this Privacy Policy for personal information that we share with them.
Legal Requests
We may disclose information about you in response to a court order, or other governmental request.
Business Transfers
In connection with any merger, sale of company assets, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company, or in the unlikely event that Hoare Laboratory Engineering goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would likely be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. If any of these events were to happen, this Privacy Policy would continue to apply to your information and the party receiving your information may continue to use your information, but only consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Information Shared Publicly
We will never share your information publicly
How Long We Keep Information
We generally discard information about you when we no longer need the information for the purposes for which we collect and use it – and we are not legally required to continue to keep it. For example, we keep the web server logs that record information about a visitor to hoare.co.uk, such as the visitor’s IP address, browser type, and operating system, for approximately 30 days. We retain the logs for this period of time in order to, among other things, analyse traffic and investigate issues if something goes wrong.
Security
While no online service is 100% secure, we work very hard to protect information about you against unauthorized access, use, alteration, or destruction, and take reasonable measures to do so, such as monitoring our Services for potential vulnerabilities and attacks.
Cookies
We use cookies to provide specific essential and non-essential functionality on hoare.co.uk – Please see our specific Cookie Policy to find out more
Your Rights
If you are located in certain countries, including those that fall under the scope of the European General Data Protection Regulation (AKA the “GDPR”), data protection laws give you rights with respect to your personal data, subject to any exemptions provided by the law, including the rights to:
Request access to your personal data
Request correction or deletion of your personal data
Object to our use and processing of your personal data
Request that we limit our use and processing of your personal data
Request portability of your personal data.
You can contact us on andy.hoare@hoare.co.uk to request any of the above actions, you will receive a request confirmation email to ensure you are who you say you are. Once this email has been responded to then we will take action as soon as possible.
EU individuals also have the right to make a complaint to a government supervisory authority.
How to Reach Us
If you have a question about this Privacy Policy, or you would like to contact us about any of the rights mentioned, please contact us on andy.hoare@hoare.co.uk or by writing to us at
Hoare Laboratory Engineering
Unit 3
Lullingstone Park Farm Offices
Eynsford
Kent
DA4 0JA
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Hoare Laboratory Engineering may change its Privacy Policy from time to time. We encourage visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. The last revised date will always be displayed at the top of this document and the changelog below will be updated to reflect any new changes.
Changelog
29/09/2018 – v1 Released, new policy with GDPR in mind
Copyright © 2014 · All Rights Reserved ·
Hoare Laboratory Engineering LTD
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Useful Links
HomeAbout Us
Why Choose Hoare?Our HistoryCompany Policies Back
Laboratory Products
Laboratory FurnitureFume Cupboards, Extract Hoods & CabinetsLaboratory Safety ProductsFume Extraction, Supply Air & VentilationMechanical PipeworkElectrical WiringBuilding Works & AlterationsLaboratory Chairs & StoolsTechnical Doors Back
Customers / Projects
Case StudiesProject List Back
Laboratory ServicesNewsDownloads
Restricted DocumentsDocuments Back
Useful LinksContact
Contacts Back
× Close Panel
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website, find out more in our Cookie PolicyAcceptX