https://huronpines.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Effective date: September 19, 2018
Information Collection and Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes including staying connected with our supporters and improving our programs and services. There are two types of data that we collect: 1) data that you provide voluntarily like email newsletter sign-up information and donation details 2) data that gets collected by third party software like Google Analytics that is used to help us better understand how people use our website.
Types of data collected through our website
Personal Data
While using our website, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Data”). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
First name and last name
Phone number
Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City
Usage Data, Tracking & Cookies Data
We use Google Analytics software to better understand our website visitors. It allows us to see things like how many times a page has been viewed on our website, or what city and state our website visitors are coming from. The Google Analytics software and our website software both capture cookies, or small data files that include anonymous but unique identifiers like your IP address, what kind of computer you are using and how long you stay on our website.
You can opt-out of having your activity on the website made available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
How we use your data
Huron Pines uses the collected data for various purposes. For example, we use the voluntary information you provide us with to send emails, newsletters, updates about events, thank you letters and donation receipts. We use the third-party Google Analytics data to get a sense of what parts of our website people are most interested in so that we can provide better content to our users. We will never sell your information to a third party. You can also contact us to opt-out of receiving communications from Huron Pines at any time by emailing info@huronpines.org or clicking unsubscribe on our email lists.
Where your data is stored
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to the United States and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Huron Pines will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosing your data
Huron Pines may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of Huron Pines
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the website
To protect the personal safety of users of the website or the public
To protect against legal liability
Security of your data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If we become aware of any information we collect being compromised, we will investigate, and where appropriate, notify any parties who have been affected by such a breach and follow-up in accordance with the law.
Third party service providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our website and credit card processing (“Service Providers”), to provide website, donation and credit card processing services on our behalf, or to perform or to assist us in analyzing how our website is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Linking to other websites
Our website may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
Our website does not address anyone under the age of 18 (“Children/Child”).
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page and update the “effective date” at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email: info@huronpines.org
By phone: 989-448-2293 ext.10