https://iapsp.org/privacy-policy/
Friday, December 11, 2020
You are logged in as:
Member Login
Search
Home / Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Thank you for choosing to be part of our community at IAPSP. We are committed to protecting your personal information and your right to privacy. If you have any questions or concerns about our policy, or our practices with regards to your personal information, please contact us at info@iapsp.org
This privacy policy applies to all information collected through our website (iapsp.org) and/or any related services, sales, marketing or events (we refer to them collectively in this privacy policy as the “Services”). If there are any terms in this privacy policy that you do not agree with, please discontinue use of our Site and our services.
This policy has sections relevant to those visiting our site, and to those using our membership services.
MEMBERS
PAYMENTS
Annual membership and event bookings are accepted via card payment. The security of your payment information is very important to us. If you pay through our website using a credit card, we contract with third-party payment processors who are responsible for ensuring that your payment data is handled securely at every step:
Your credit card information is collected on a secure HTTPS web page using SSL.
We use credit card processing firms that are fully PCI-DSS compliant, which means they meet all industry standards for cardholder security.
We never store your credit card number or your security code (CVV code). We only store a payment “token” (an order number generated by the processor), which allows us to look up your payment transaction without having your card details.
Payment information entered on this website is transmitted directly via a secure protocol (https) to Stripe as part of a fully integrated payments solution provided by MembershipWorks and Stripe. It is not retained by this website and is processed by IAPSP only in the secure online environment provided by MembershipWorks and Stripe. The Stripe privacy policy will be applicable for all online transactions via the Stripe gateway. Payments will be recurred on an annual basis. Notices will be sent to you 14 days in advance of recurring annual membership payment.
CANCELLATION
Once you have become a member of IAPSP your membership will be annually recurring until such time you wish to cancel or cease membership. Your membership may be cancelled through the membership management page on the website.
Events will each have their own cancellation policy depending on the type of event. In some cases cancellation and refund is not possible, particularly if a financial contribution has already been made. IAPSP will do all they can to accommodate such requests for cancellations and will be reviewed on a case by case basis.
How we use your information
This privacy notice tells you what to expect when IAPSP collects personal information. It applies to information we collect about:
members of IAPSP, including Council members
visitors to our website
people who use our services, eg who subscribe to our newsletter and communications updates
MEMBERS DIRECTORY
A benefit of IAPSP membership is the option to have a profile listing in our public Members Directory. We collect information about your location, contact details and about your professional practice to populate this listing. You may choose not to be listed in the Members Directory, in which case your personal information will not be displayed on the site. You may select not to be listed on signing up for membership, or at any subsequent time by amending the preferences in your membership account.
If you select to be listed in the Members Directory, your information will be publicly listed on the website; however you may choose not to include your street address or phone number in your profile listing. These settings can be made through the preferences in your membership account page. Your email address will not be listed on the website. There is a facility for visitors to send a message to you through the website which filters for spam messages and does not reveal your email address, unless you reply to a message you receive. You may also choose not to be messaged through the website.
EMAILS
We use a third party provider, Constant Contact, to deliver our membership communications. We gather statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies including clear gifs to help us monitor and improve our messages. For more information, please see [https://www.constantcontact.com/website/terms] privacy notice.
Security and performance
IAPSP uses a third party service to help maintain the security and performance of the IAPSP website. To deliver this service it processes the IP addresses of visitors to the site.
Personal data
How we use your information?
IAPSP offers various services to members and visitors to our website.
The following privacy policy will outline how IAPSP will collect and use your data. This is done so that we can:
Contact you by telephone, email and post to discuss your membership.
Carry out the services provided to you as laid out in our membership agreement.
Communicate with you in future regarding any pertinent community news which may be of use and interest to you.
Why do we need to collect and store personal data?
In order for us to do any of the above, we must collect and store your data firstly for us to carry out our business activities. We will ensure that the information collected will only be used for its intended purpose and does not constitute an invasion of your privacy.
Will we share your personal data with anyone else?
As a member, your location, contact and professional information will be displayed in our Members Directory, unless otherwise selected by you. Other than this, we will not share you personal data with any third party without your explicit consent or if we are legally obliged to do so.
How will we use the personal data we collect about you?
Processing data constitutes as collecting, storing and using. We will process this data in accordance with the current GDPR regulations. IAPSP may occasionally contact all members in order to keep their contact details up to date and will update them accordingly.
Personal data will be kept in accordance with the terms laid down in our contract of membership.
Under what circumstances will we contact you?
We will only ever contact you when necessary, or when we think it would be beneficial to you, or when asked do so. We do not mean at any point to intrude or ask for unnecessary information. We will do our best to ensure that the information we hold is as secure as possible to minimise the risk of unauthorised access or disclosure.
Complaints or queries
IAPSP tries to meet the highest standards when collecting and using personal information. We encourage people to bring it to our attention if they think that our collection or use of information is unfair, misleading or inappropriate.
This privacy notice was drafted with brevity and clarity in mind. It does not provide exhaustive detail of all aspects of the IAPSP collection and use of personal information. However, we are happy to provide any additional information or explanation needed. Any requests for this should be sent to the address below.
Access to personal information
IAPSP tries to be as open as it can be in terms of giving people access to their personal information. Individuals can find out if we hold any data and you may contact us to request this with proof of identification.
If you agree, we will try to deal with your request informally, for example by providing you with the specific information you need over the telephone.
If we do hold information about you, you can ask us to correct any mistakes by, once again, contacting us.
Special categories of personal data
IAPSP does not intentionally collect any special categories of personal data (sensitive personal information). Sensitive personal information includes: information revealing racial or ethnic origin; political opinions; religious or philosophical beliefs; trade-union membership; the processing of genetic or biometric data for the purpose of uniquely identifying a natural person; information concerning health; information concerning a natural person’s sex life or sexual orientation.
Links to other websites
This privacy notice does not cover the links within this site linking to other websites. We encourage you to read the privacy statements on the other websites you visit.
Changes to this privacy notice
We keep our privacy notice under regular review. This privacy notice was last updated on 03/30/2020.
How to contact us
If you want to request information about our privacy policy you can email us or write to:
IAPSP
10685-B Hazelhurst Dr. #26072
Houston, TX 77043
USA
Data Protection Officer email: info@iapsp.org
Phone: +1 888 699 9299
Photo & Video Disclaimer
IAPSP reserves the right to use any photograph/video taken at any of our meetings and events without the expressed written permission of those included within the photograph/video. We may use the photograph/video in publications or other media material produced, used or contracted by us including but not limited to: brochures, invitations, banners, newsletters, magazines, website, etc.
To ensure the privacy of individuals, images will not be identified using full names or personal identifying information without written approval from the photographed subject.
A person attending an IAPSP event who does not wish to have their image recorded for distribution should make their wishes known to the photographer, and/or the IAPSP Team, and/or email us on info@iapsp.org with these intentions and include a photograph for identification purposes which will be held in confidence.
Any person or organization not affiliated with IAPSP may not use, copy, alter or modify our photographs, graphics, videography or other, similar reproductions or recordings without advance written permission.
Cookies
The IAPSP website uses cookies to collect information about how the site is used by its visitors. Cookies provide non-personal statistical information about visits to pages on the site, which may include the duration of individual page views, paths taken by visitors through the site, and other general information. None of this information is associated with you as an individual.
However, should you wish to delete or disable the cookies, you can do so by referring to the ‘Help’ option on the menu bar of your browser. This will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies; notify you when you receive new cookies; and disable cookies altogether.
Visitors to our website
When someone visits iapsp.org we use a third party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make, and do not allow Google to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website. If we do want to collect personally identifiable information through our website, we will be up front about this. We will make it clear when we collect personal information and will explain what we intend to do with it.
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
43rd Annual IAPSP Conference in ChicagoOctober 28, 2021NEWS & ANNOUNCEMENTS
IAPSP International Council
Early Career Professionals Scholarship: Winners Announcement
PSC Call for Submissions:
Ongoing Impact of COVID-19
Member Login
Manage Your AccountConference of Europe, the Mideast & South Africa: Summary & DiscussionARTICLES & FEATURES
Voices from The Mideast – Beyond the Consulting Room | December 2020
Gabriela Mann, Ph.D.
Infinite Wrath and Infinite Despair: What John Milton’s Satan Can Tell Us About Donald Trump
David Shaddock, Ph.D. MFT
Clinical Consultations & Video Interviews CONNECT WITH IAPSP
Follow us on social media