https://ibro.org/privacy/
IBRO Privacy Policy
As an organization based in the European Union (EU), IBRO conforms to the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) that took effect on 25 May 2018.
This legislation grants individuals more control over the storage, use and sharing of their personal data and requires us to obtain explicit consent from those of our global community whose data we record, store and process in our databases.
Rights* over your personal data* under GDPR
•  obtaining information about the processing of your personal data •  obtaining access to your personal data •  asking for incorrect, inaccurate or incomplete personal data to be corrected •  requesting that personal data be erased when it’s no longer needed or if processing it is unlawful •  objecting to the processing of your personal data for marketing purposes or on grounds relating to your particular situation •  requesting the restriction of the processing of your personal data in specific cases •  receiving your personal data in a machine-readable format and send it to another controller (‘data portability’) •  requesting that decisions based on automated processing concerning you or significantly affecting you and based on your personal data are made by natural persons, not only by computers. You also have the right in this case to express your point of view and to contest the decision.
*Citizen rights defined by the European Commission include those identified in the list above.
*Personal data (defined by the European Commission) is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable living individual. Different pieces of information, which collected together can lead to the identification of a particular person, also constitute personal data.
How IBRO uses personal data
IBRO uses the personal data of our community members to disseminate news, meeting announcements, voting ballots, application calls, invitations, press releases, reports and other online and email messages related to our events and activities. We also process information to evaluate and improve our organizational activities, grant programs and strategic planning initiatives.
Types of personal data stored by IBRO
IBRO databases store the following personal information.
• Name • Professional title • Professional affiliation • IBRO past and present positional status (i.e., IBRO President, Prize Winner, School Coordinator, Member Society Representative, etc.) • Professional address including street name and number, postal code, city and country • Contact email • Contact phone number • Gender • Date of birth • Current nationality
Sharing personal data
IBRO respects the privacy of our community members and will not share or provide access to the content of our databases with any person or entity outside of IBRO, unless we obtain explicit consent from those concerned. Our success depends on the contributions and participation of community members in our events and activities, as well as our ability to protect their personal data in order to ensure personal safety.
If you have not already given your consent, we now kindly request that you confirm your explicit consent to record, store and process your personal data in the IBRO databases so that IBRO complies with GDPR, and can continue to inform you of our opportunities and activities. Please click below to consent.
I consent
If you have any questions about GDPR or your personal data with IBRO, please contact the IBRO Secretariat at secretariat[at]ibro[dot]org.
Related Links
• Official EU GDPR regulation
• Data protection authorities by EU country