http://icrank.com/cgi-bin/pageman/pageout.cgi?path=/privacy.htm
The Web's best Machine Design Guide for Mechanical Engineers and Designers
NOTE:
You are not currently logged in,
login,
or register
to assure full site access.
iCrank.com
considers your privacy very seriously.  Here are the specifics of
how we treat your information.
>
PRIVACY STATEMENT
iCrank.com has created this privacy statement
in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses
our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website.
Our my.iCrank site uses cookies to save your password
so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit our site.  In
addition, our normal site registration process will use cookies to store
login information if you select "remember me".
Our my.iCrank registration form requires users
to give us their e-mail address. The customer's contact information is
used to contact the visitor when necessary and is not given or sold to
third parties unless permission has been given via a "join mailing list"
checkbox.  A username and password are required to allow us to retain
each user's customization settings.  A job description is asked for
and is used for us to compile a demographic picture of our users.
Job descriptions are not related to e-mail addresses in any way, but are
tallied independently and anonymously.
This site contains links to other sites. iCrank.com
is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web
sites.
This site is also affiliated with third party
providers of services.  These services include free web space, and
a stock portfolio that are accessed from the my.iCrank start page.
iCrank.com is not responsible for the privacy practices of our affiliates
and will not be held accountable for their use of your information.
Refer to these third party sites to learn about their privacy policies.
IP Addresses
iCrank.com also logs IP addresses for systems
administration purposes. IP addresses are logged to track a user's session.
This gives iCrank.com an idea of which parts of our site users are visiting.
We do not link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable. This means
that a users session will be tracked, but the user will be anonymous.
Public Forums
This site makes chat rooms, forums, message boards,
and/or news groups available to its users. Please remember that any information
that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should
exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect
the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
These measures include, but are not limited to keeping sensitive information
in protected areas of our host server.
Choice/Opt-Out
This site gives users the following options for
removing their information from our database to not receive future communications
or to no longer receive our service.
1.You can send email to myaccount@icrank.com
Correct/Update
This site gives users the following options for
changing and modifying information previously provided.
1.email myaccount@icrank.com
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement,
the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can
contact us at:
http://icrank.com/cgi-bin/pageman/pageout.cgi?path=/email_us/input.htm
Follow Us on LinkedIn:
Member Status:
Visitor
|
Non Premium Access
Logout of this Membership
Reset Your Password
|
Remove From Mailing List
E-mail us
|
Advertise here
|
About this site
Privacy statement
|
Disclaimer
Copyright 2020 iCrank.com All Rights Reserved.
You may not duplicate or redistribute in any form without prior written consent.