https://iea-pvps.org/privacy-policy/
Home›Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Statement describes the ways in which we, IEA-PVPS, collect, hold and use information about individual persons who visit this website.
1. Pledge on privacy
The term “Personal Data” as used in this Privacy Policy refers to information such as your name, birth date, e-mail address, mailing address, or telephone number that can be used to identify you. Generally, we will only process your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Policy. However, we reserve the right, to conduct additional processing to the extent permitted or required by law, or in support of any legal or criminal investigation.
The next sections explain how and when we collect Personal Data from you.
2. Intended use of Personal Data
Most of our services do not require any form of registration, allowing you to visit our site without telling us who you are. However, some services may require you to provide us with Personal Data. In these situations, if you choose to withhold any Personal Data requested by us, it may not be possible for you to gain access to certain parts of the site and for us to respond to your query. We may collect and use Personal Data to provide you with products or services, to bill you for products and services you request, to market products and services which we think may be of interest to you, or to communicate with you for other purposes which are evident from the circumstances or about which we inform you when we collect Personal Data from you.
3. Non-disclosure of Personal Data
We will not sell, share, or otherwise distribute your Personal Data to third parties except as provided in this Privacy Policy. We may disclose your Personal Data to other IEA-PVPS affiliates worldwide that agree to treat it in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Personal Data may also be transferred to third parties who act for or on our behalf, for further processing in accordance with the purpose(s) for which the data were originally collected or may otherwise be lawfully processed, such as services delivery, evaluating the usefulness of this website, marketing, data management or technical support. These third parties have contracted with us to only use Personal Data for the agreed upon purpose, and not to sell your Personal Information to third parties, and not to disclose it to third parties except as may be required by law, as permitted by us or as stated in this Privacy Policy.
Personal Data collected from you may also be transferred to a third party in the event that the business of this site or a part of it and the customer data connected with it is sold, assigned or transferred, in which case we would require the buyer, assignee or transferee to treat Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Also, Personal Data may be disclosed to a third party if we are required to do so because of an applicable law, court order or governmental regulation, or if such disclosure is otherwise necessary in support of any criminal or other legal investigation or proceeding here or abroad.
4. Right of access, correction and objection
Whenever we process Personal Data, we take reasonable steps to ensure that your Personal Data is kept accurate and up-to date for the purposes for which it was collected. We will provide you with the ability to object to the processing of your Personal Data if such processing is not reasonably required for a legitimate business purpose as described in this policy or our compliance with law. In the case of electronic direct marketing, we will provide you with a method to opt out of receiving further marketing materials or with a method to opt in if required by law. If you wish to contact us regarding our use of your Personal Data or object to the processing of your Personal Data, please email us at com@iea-pvps.org. If you contact us, please note the name of the website where you provided the information, as well as the specific information you would like us to correct, update or delete plus a proper identification of you. Requests to delete personal data will be subject to any applicable legal and ethical reporting or document filing or retention obligations imposed on us.
5. Security and confidentiality
To ensure the security and confidentiality of Personal Data that we collect online, we use data networks protected, inter alia, by industry standard firewall and password protection. In the course of handling your Personal Data, we take measures reasonably designed to protect that information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction.
6. “Cookies” and internet tags
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small piece of text, possibly including numbers, which a website stores on the PC or device (smartphone, tablet, etc.) you use to visit that website. Cookies are designed to speed up and customise the use of a website as you visit and re-visit that site.
For this purpose, cookies exchange information between your web browser (Chrome, Firefox, Internet Explorer, etc.) and the server on which the website is running, for example information about your preference as to how the website is displayed (language, font size, etc.), your navigation history, your choices from the options provided by the website or registration information.
Which cookies do we use ?
Functional cookies:these cookies are specifically for WordPress, the content management platform that acts as the “engine” of the website. The WordPress cookies ensure better management of some of the website’s functionalities. These cookies are anonymous (none of the information gathered can be linked to your identity). In addition, with the exception of the cookie that records your language preference, WordPress cookies disappear as soon as you close your browser. They are therefore deleted from your PC or device as soon as you close the browser.
Statistical cookies:The website uses the services of Google Analytics to analyse the number of visitors to the website and their behaviour. These statistical cookies provide us with information on such things as the number of visitors, their location, their path through the website (how and via what page they reached the site, what pages they went on to consult and via what page they left the site), the time of the visit, etc. These cookies are anonymous and can remain in place for up to 2 years.
How are cookies monitored?
You have the option of monitoring and/or deleting cookies as you see fit through your browser settings.For example, you can delete all the cookies stored on your PC, and can also set most browsers to block cookies. In that case, you may have to re-enter certain preferences each time you visit the same website, and it is possible that certain services and functionalities will not work.
For more information on cookies, please visit:
Wikipedia
Spamsquad (in French)
allaboutcookies.org
7. Links to other sites
This Privacy Policy applies only to this website, and not to websites owned by third parties. We may provide links to other websites which we believe may be of interest to our visitors. We aim to ensure that such websites are of the highest standard. However, due to the nature of the internet, we cannot guarantee the privacy standards of websites to which we link or be responsible for the contents of sites other than this one, and this Privacy Policy is not intended to be applicable to any linked, non-IEA-PVPS site.
8. Contact us
If you have any queries or complaints about our compliance with this Privacy Policy, or if you would like to make any recommendations or comments to improve the quality of our Privacy Policy, please email us at com@iea-pvps.org.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience.Read More ›OKPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.