https://iea.cc/about/legal-status-structure/
Legal Status/Structure
Home / About
Legal Status
The International Ergonomics Association (IEA) is the federation of ergonomics and human factors societies around the world entitled as international organization founded in Zurich (Switzerland) pursuant to article 60 et seq of the Swiss Civil Code. Currently IEA is officially registered in the municipality of Thônex, Canton of Geneva, Switzerland.
Click to Download the IEA Bylaws
Structure of The IEA
The IEA is the coalition of the Federated Societies. There are also the Affiliated Societies, the IEA Networks, and the IEA Sustaining Members in the Association.
The governing body of the IEA is the Council. The Council consists of representatives of Federated Societies and elected Officers of the IEA. The Council makes all major decisions concerning the IEA, including rule changes, general policy, activities, admissions, election of officers and budget. Council admits all new members of the IEA in any category and will terminate membership for good cause. The Affiliated Societies and other non-voting members can attend the Council meeting as observers.
The Officers of the IEA are the President, Vice President & Secretary General, and Vice President & Treasurer. The Officers are responsible for the management of the IEA affairs, in accordance with the IEA mission and goals.
The Executive Committee consists of the Officers, Chairs of IEA Standing Committees and ex-officio members. The immediate Past President of the IEA, the Chairman of the next IEA Triennial Congress and the IEA Historian are ex-officio members of the Executive Committee. Other ex-officio members can be appointed by the President. The Executive Committee is responsible for management of IEA activities and programs in accordance with the objectives of the IEA.
The Technical Committees are formed as a platform to discuss and exchange up-to-date information on particular ergonomics fields.
Past IEA Officers and Meetings
Facebook News
IEA – International Ergonomics Association
Events List
Annual Meeting of the Indian Society of Ergonomics, HWWE2020
International Ergonomics Conference – Ergonomics 2020, Zagreb, CroatiaDecember 2, 2020
ACED SEANES 2020December 2, 2020
Cancelled – CIHSPA – Segundo Congreso Internacional de Higiene, Salud, y Prevención de Accidentes
The 21st Triennial Congress of the International Ergonomics AssociationJune 13, 2021
Home
UPCOMING CONGRESS
IEA Vancouver 2021
Member Societies & Networks
Federated Societies
Affiliated Societies
Networks
About
What Is Human Factors/Ergonomics (HF/E)
Human Factors/Ergonomics (HF/E)
HF/E in Practice
IEA endorsed conferences & CIEHF Case Studies
HF/E Checkpoints
Resources
Projects
Publications
Endorsed Journals
Certification
About IEA
Mission and Goals
Legal Status/Structure
History
Leadership
IEA Council
Executive Committee Members
Standing Committees
Technical Committees
News
Meetings
IEA Triennial Congress
Upcoming Congresses
Past Congresses
Endorsed Events
Society Events
Other Events
Awards
Annual Awards
IEA Fellowship
IEA/Kingfar Award
IEA/Tsinghua Award
IEA Triennial Awards
Past Award Winners
Partnerships
Corporate and Individual Sustaining Members
Sponsors
Relationships with other international bodies
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPT Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.