https://iea.cc/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Home /
General Information
This Privacy Policy sets out the International Ergonomics Association (IEA) policies regarding treatment of information that may be considered to be private and demonstrates our commitment to your data privacy; it governs both our off-line and on-line data collections practices. We may change the content or services found on the website at any time without notice, and consequently our Privacy Policy may change at any time in the future. You agree to revisit this page regularly, and your continued access to or use of the website will mean that you agree to the changes.
Public Areas
When using the public portion of the website, you can do so anonymously. You are not required to provide us with any personal information, and we do not monitor or collect any personally identifiable information from you on your use of the public portions of the website. We may track the number of users who visit areas of the site for internal use, such as improving accessibility to website facilities and marketing, but this tracking will not identify you. We may also record the location of your computer on the Internet for systems administration and troubleshooting purposes and for reporting aggregate information.
Information Gathering and Usage
When a society, network, committee or technical committee officer, or sustaining member completes an application for membership, or fills out a form for access to the member-only area of the website, we require some or all the of the following information: your name, contact information, institution name, job title, mailing address, and area(s) of expertise. We ask for this information so that we can send you information about IEA events and other important announcements. Contact information for officers and committee chairs is posted on the website unless you tell us that you do not want this information posted.
Lawful Processing
We process the information you provide to qualify you for the correct level of membership and for legitimate membership or business purposes, which include some or all of the following:
Register you as a member and provide you with access to our products and services
Identify you and provide you with a secure means of logging in to your account
Meet our mission to disseminate information about the human factors/ergonomics field and to serve the professional needs of our members
Provide notice of important events, activities, and proposals
Provide opportunities for networking and professional events
Compile and provide mailing and attendance lists for meetings.
Your Rights
Members can log in to their records and view the data we have on their “Welcome” page. Members can do the following at any time:
See what data we have collected from you
Edit any of the data we have
Have us edit or delete any data we have about you by contacting us at iea_secretariat@iea.cc
Express any concern you have about our use of your data
Please bear in mind that if you object or critical data is deleted, this may affect our ability to carry out the above tasks for your benefit.
Withdrawing Your Consent
You may at any time withdraw the consent you provide for the processing of your Personal Data for the purposes set forth in this Privacy Notice by contacting us at iea_secretariat@iea.cc, provided that we are not required by applicable law or professional standards to retain such information.
Data Sharing
IEA does not provide members’ e-mail addresses to third parties, other than for the IEA Triennial Congress.
Confidentiality
IEA does not sell, lease, or provide to any person or organization personal information except as specified above. IEA does not collect credit card account information.
Third-Party Providers
This website contains links to third party providers that deliver services in support of membership benefits. They include SPRINGER Publications. We encourage our users to read the privacy statements of any site that collects personally identifiable information.
Links to Other Websites
Links to other websites are provided solely as pointers to information on topics that may be useful to the users of our website. Please read their privacy rules before proceeding.
E-Mail Marketing
We use a third-party provider, Constant Contact, to deliver our e-newsletters, member updates, conference information, and publications. We gather statistics around e-mail opening and clicks using industry-standard technologies. You may opt out from receiving any further marketing e-mails from us by using the “unsubscribe” link present at the bottom of the email, or by contacting us at  iea_secretariat@iea.cc
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. Some of the information you enter on our website may be transmitted securely via Secure Sockets Layer SSL, 128 bit encryption services, which are enabled by Thawte. Pages utilizing this technology will have URLs that start with HTTPS instead of HTTP.
Your Queries
If you have any questions regarding privacy issues, would like to change information that you have provided, or suspect that IEA has handled your data in a manner that does not comply with this Privacy Policy, please contact IEA at iea_secretariat@iea.cc.
Home
UPCOMING CONGRESS
IEA Vancouver 2021
Member Societies & Networks
Federated Societies
Affiliated Societies
Networks
About
What Is Human Factors/Ergonomics (HF/E)
Human Factors/Ergonomics (HF/E)
HF/E in Practice
IEA endorsed conferences & CIEHF Case Studies
HF/E Checkpoints
Resources
Projects
Publications
Endorsed Journals
Certification
About IEA
Mission and Goals
Legal Status/Structure
History
Leadership
IEA Council
Executive Committee Members
Standing Committees
Technical Committees
News
Meetings
IEA Triennial Congress
Upcoming Congresses
Past Congresses
Endorsed Events
Society Events
Other Events
Awards
Annual Awards
IEA Fellowship
IEA/Kingfar Award
IEA/Tsinghua Award
IEA Triennial Awards
Past Award Winners
Partnerships
Corporate and Individual Sustaining Members
Sponsors
Relationships with other international bodies
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPT Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.