https://imaps.org/privacy_policy.php
+
HomeAbout UsAbout UsEducational FoundationBylawsContact UsExecutive CouncilMembershipAbout MembershipJoin/RenewIMAPS ChaptersSociety AwardsIMAPS 2020 Society Award WinnersJobsGlobal Business Council (GBC)Student Membership and OpportunitiesEventsEventsEvents CalendarSubmit your AbstractPropose a PDCSpeaker/Chair InformationVirtual EventsInternational Symposium on MicroelectronicsLive Virtual Workshop on Medical MicroelectronicsDevice Packaging ConferenceTechnology Crossover | CICMT - HiTEC - Power PkgAdvanced System-in-Package (SiP) ConferencePublicationsPublications InformationVisit IMAPSource Research PortalAdvertising OpportunitiesJournal Copyright Transfer FormAdvancing Microelectronics MagazineNewsRecent NewsSubscribe to IMAPS EmailsVideosVideosValue of MembershipIMAPS for StudentsCorporate Connections
Member Login
×
Member Log In
Forgot Password?
Privacy PolicyIMAPS Website Privacy StatementIMAPS Privacy StatementAt International Microelectronics And Packaging Society (“IMAPS”) we take your rights to privacy seriously.  Any information that you submit to IMAPS will only be used for the purpose for which you are submitting such information. Any information about you will be stored in a secure database that is not shared with any third parties except to the extent needed to fulfill the purpose of your submission of such information.  You will have an opportunity to correct any information after you have inputted it onto the website to ensure its accuracy.  You can also correct any other information by contacting us by electronic mail sent to IMAPS. IMAPS will not sell, rent or share any personal information obtained through this Website and about you to any third party.Once you register with IMAPS website, your information is stored in our database, and a "cookie" is placed on your computer. This process allows us to recognize you so that returns to IMAPS or subsequent dealings do not require "log-ins." Our "cookies" do not contain any personal identification information. When possible, IMAPS uses a secure server (SSL) during submission of your contact information to ensure that your information is being transmitted to us in a secure manner. If your Internet browser does not support SSL, IMAPS will allow you to continue to transport your contact information. We highly recommend that you upgrade to a current Internet browser version before transporting your contact information.If you do not want to receive e-mail or other information from us in the future, please let us know by sending us an e-mail to us and typing unsubscribe. Please review the Terms and Conditions for Use of IMAPS Website at www.imaps.org/legal/termsofuse.htm.Any changes in our privacy policy will be posted on this page for your reference. We will take every step within our capabilities to safeguard all of your personal information. We welcome suggestions and comments about our privacy policy. Contact us at 919-293-5000 if you have any questions. 1. Data Protection / Policies ContactIMAPS is headquartered in North Carolina, in the United States. You may contact IMAPS if you have any questions or concerns about policies or practices regarding Personal Data:  MICHAEL O’DONOGHUE, Executive Directormodonoghue@imaps.orgIMAPSIMAPS - International Microelectronics Assembly and Packaging SocietyPO Box 110127Research Triangle Park, NC  27709-51272. Collection of Personal InformationA.  Information You Directly and Voluntarily Provide to Us. Membership:  If you provide your Personal Data to IMAPS to become a member of IMAPS, or if you sign up to become a registered user of any website operated by IMAPS, you will be required to provide certain information as part of the registration process.  This information will include your first and last name, email address, and business or home address. We may also request that you voluntarily provide other information, such as your phone number, date of birth, demographic information, educational background, work experience, information about your non-IMAPS certifications, or courses or areas of study in which you may be interested and information about your company as it relates to IMAPS’s products and services and your IMAPS membership. Membership information is used to communicate with you, to design content and activities that we believe would be of interest to you, and to ensure that IMAPS will not violate any applicable U.S. sanctions in providing you access to IMAPS’s goods and services. If you wish to opt-out of receiving these communications from us, please follow the instructions contained in an applicable communication you receive from us or go to your membership/account profile (using our third-party membership software vendor, Member Leap) by visiting www.imaps.org > clicking on Member Log-in > using your email and password on file to log in > then browsing to the Member Information link > select Change Contact/Profile Info > scroll down and check the box to "Suppress Broadcast Emails."Events and Conferences: IMAPS may host events that include in-person and virtual conferences, training, knowledge sharing and webinars. If you register for an IMAPS event and you are an IMAPS member, we will access the information in your member account to provide you with information and services associated with the event. If you register for one of our events and you are not an IMAPS member, we will collect your first and last name, email address, business or home address, and the type of business you work for or with, which we will use to provide you with information and services associated with the event.Publications: We offer various publications and materials through our Sites. Some of these publications and materials are publicly accessible, however, others require that you to be an IMAPS member, or that you create an account and subscribe to receive these publications and materials. If you are not an IMAPS member and you create an account for this purpose, you will be required to provide certain information as part of your account registration, including your first and last name, email address, and business or home address and professional information. You may manage your IMAPS subscriptions by subscribing or unsubscribing at any time. If you have any difficulties managing your subscription or other preferences, contact IMAPS HQ.Communications with IMAPS: If you communicate or correspond with us by email, through postal mail, via phone or through other forms of communication, we may collect the information you provide as part of those communications.  For example, if you correspond with us through email, we may collect and store the email address you use to send the applicable correspondence and use it to respond to your inquiry; to notify you of IMAPS conferences, publications, or other services; or to keep a record of your complaint, accommodation request, and similar purposes. B.   Information We Automatically Collect from You. We may automatically collect information about you when you use the Sites or our services. For example, if you access the Sites through a computer, we will automatically collect information such as your browser type and version, computer and connection information, IP address and standard web log information.  If you access the Sites through a mobile device, we may also be able to identify the location of your mobile device.   You may choose not to share your location details with us by adjusting your mobile device’s location services settings.  For instructions on changing the relevant settings, please contact your service provider or device manufacturer. This information that we automatically collect from you is used to enhance the performance of IMAPS’s website. IMAPS also uses your location information (if shared with IMAPS) to identify the geographic locations from which our content is accessed so that we can better understand what content topics may be most relevant in that region, and to IMAPS members generally, and to develop resources around those content topics.We may automatically collect information from you when you use the Sites using “cookies” and other similar technologies, such as web beacons.  Cookies are small amounts of data that are stored within your computer’s Internet browser and that are accessed and recorded by the websites that you visit so that they can recognize the same browser navigating online at a later time. The cookies are not able to execute code or access other information stored on the computer.  Web beacons are transparent pixel images that are used in collecting information about website usage, email response and tracking.Information that may be collected by cookies when you use the Sites may include, without limitation:the pages you visit within the Sites;the date and time of your visit to the Sites;the amount of time you spend using the Sites;the Internet Protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet; and/oryour computer and connection information such as your browser type and version, operating system and platform.This information is collected to enhance the site performance and end user experience. You can set your browser to reject cookies or to notify you when you are sent a cookie. To learn more about your ability to manage cookies and web beacons, please consult the privacy features in your browser.  In addition, to find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set on your device and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org. IMAPS will not associate identifiers from cookies or similar technologies with sensitive identifiers about you, such as race, religion, sexual orientation or health.C.  Information Collected by Third Parties through Third-Party Links and Content.The Sites may include links to other websites and other content from third-party businesses and can offer direct interaction with external websites, networks or platforms that are outside IMAPS’s control.  These third-party businesses may use cookies, web beacons or other similar technology to collect information about you. IMAPS does not have access to or control over these third parties or the cookies, web beacons or other technology that these third parties may use. We are not responsible for the security, privacy of the information collected by these third parties or the privacy practices of these third parties or the content on any third-party website.  You are encouraged to review the privacy policies of the different websites you visit and of the advertisers whose ads you may choose to click while on our Sites.D.  Information Collected by Third-Party Analytics Services. We may work with third-party analytics services to help us understand how the Sites are being used, such as tracking the frequency and duration of use of the Sites. We may use Adobe Analytics and Google Analytics, and web analytics services provided by Adobe and Google (“Analytics Tools”) to collect information about your use of the Sites. These Analytics Tools may use cookies to collect information about the content you view, what websites you visit immediately prior to and after visiting the Sites, and your system information and geographic information. The information generated by these cookies about your use of the Sites will be transmitted to and stored by the applicable analytics services. The information collected by these analytics services allows us to analyze your use of the Sites. The Analytics Tools may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on their behalf. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however, please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of the Sites. At the moment that you cancel your IMAPS membership or withdraw your consent for the processing of personal information, IMAPS will not be able to access the personal information processed by third-party analytics. By using the Sites, you consent to the processing of data about you by Adobe and Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. You can opt-out of Google Analytics by installing Google’s opt-out browser add-on, and out of interest-based Google ads using Google’s Ads Settings.E.  Information You Share on Third-Party Websites or through Social Media Services. The Sites may include links to third-party websites and social media services where you will be able to post comments, stories, reviews or other information outside of IMAPS’s control. Your use of these third-party websites and social media services may result in the collection or sharing of information about you by these third-party websites and social media services. IMAPS is not responsible for the security or privacy of any information collected by other websites or other services. Information collected by third parties is governed by their privacy practices. We encourage you to review the privacy policies and settings on the third-party websites and social media services with which you interact to make sure you understand the information that may be collected, used, and shared by those third-party websites and social media services.F.  Information You Post on the Sites. If you post information on public areas of the Sites, that information may be collected and used by IMAPS, other users of the Sites, and the public generally. In addition, if you are an IMAPS member or registered user and choose to participate in our membership software or IMAPSource library tools, which are provided by our third-party vendors, Member Leap and Allen Press (both located in the United States, see their respective sites for their specific privacy information). IMAPS may share membership/personal data with Member Leap and Allen Press for purposes of software login integration ONLY.G.  Information You Provide to Payment Processors.  All payments made to IMAPS are processed by a PCI/DSS-compliant (these are payment card industry security standards) payment processing service engaged by IMAPS (or any third-party software vendors mentioned herein – Member Leap, Allen Press, JobTarget/YourMembership [IMAPS career center]). All information collected by these third-party providers for purposes of processing your payments is not available to us, unless you have otherwise provided this information to us in connection with your use of the Sites or our products and services.H. Personal/Membership/Payment Data Retention and Erasure.We generally retain your personal information for as long as is necessary for the performance of the contract between you and us and to comply with our legal obligations. If you no longer want us to use your information to provide the Site to you, you can request that we erase your personal information and close your IMAPS Account at any time. Please note that if you request the erasure of your personal information:- We may retain some of your personal information as necessary for our legitimate business interests, such as fraud detection and prevention and enhancing safety. For example, if we suspend a IMAPS Account for fraud or safety reasons, we may retain certain information from that IMAPS Account to prevent that user or customer from opening a new IMAPS Account in the future.- We may retain and use your personal information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations. For example, IMAPS may keep some of your information for tax, legal reporting and auditing obligations.- Information you have shared with others may continue to be publicly visible on the Site, even after your IMAPS Account is cancelled. However, attribution of such information to you will be removed. Additionally, some copies of your information (e.g., log records) may remain in our database, but are disassociated from personal identifiers.- Because we maintain the Site to protect from accidental or malicious loss and destruction, residual copies of your personal information may not be removed from our backup systems for a limited period of time.- All membership/event/product/publication/donation payments processed through our website third-party payment vendors (see Section G above) is processed by said vendor and credit card or bank account information is never passed to IMAPS. Any payment details (credit card and/or bank account information) provided in print, email e-fax and/or verbal forms are processed immediately for said transaction and the personal payment data is never stored with IMAPS. Print, e-mail and e-fax forms are destroyed immediately upon processing the transaction and that data is never stored with IMAPS.3. Online Advertising; TrackingIMAPS and third-party businesses may use the information collected through the Sites using cookies, web beacons, and other similar technologies to help manage online advertising programs. This information may enable IMAPS and our third-party advertising services and other third-party businesses to track the actions of users online over time and across different websites or platforms to measure statistics relating to marketing efforts, and to deliver electronic advertisements that may be more relevant to individual consumers and that will improve the consumer experience. For information about how tracking works for online advertising purposes, and what happens when you elect a do-not-track option, visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices.  In addition, some third-party businesses may provide a mechanism to opt-out of their technology. For more information about the opt-out process, you may visit the Network Advertising Initiative website, available at: http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.Do Not Track:  Your browser may allow you to adjust your browser settings so that “do not track” requests are sent to the websites that you visit. However, IMAPS does not respond to “Do Not Track” (DNT) signals. To determine whether any of the third-party services it uses honor the “Do Not Track” requests, please read their privacy policies.4. Use, Sharing and Retention of Personal InformationA. How We Use Your Information.IMAPS uses personal information for the purposes described at the time of collection, to provide membership benefits and other services to you, including order processing, processing of certification or membership applications, or registering you for event or training programs, or registering you for reduced hotel price rates, and to otherwise process your requests or address your inquiries, and to report to others about whether you are certified or not. IMAPS also publishes the names, titles, country and business affiliations of officers, committee members and others who have assisted with initiatives or projects to provide recognition of their achievements to the IMAPS community.  IMAPS also uses your information, as permitted by law, to provide you with information about IMAPS, our products and services or other products and services in which we believe you may be interested. If you are a member or registered user, we may email you about products and services that we believe may be of interest to you. If you wish to opt-out of receiving these emails from us, please follow the instructions contained in an applicable email you receive from us, which will allow you to opt-out of receiving these types of email communications from us. We may also use your personal information to tailor your experience at our Sites, to compile and display content and information that we think you might be interested in, and to provide you with content according to these preferences. IMAPS may also use this information to help us understand our members’ needs and interests, to better tailor our products and services to meet your needs.B.  How We Share Your Information with Third Parties. Except as set forth in this Privacy Notice or when specifically agreed to by you, we will not disclose personal information we gather from you to third parties unless IMAPS is required to share this information to complete your request or for legitimate business purposes. IMAPS shares personal information in the following circumstances:Third-Party Service Providers.  We may share your information with vendors or third parties who deliver or provide goods and services or otherwise act on behalf of or at the direction of IMAPS.  These third parties may include, for example, our third-party technology providers, including our mobile application vendor, exam-testing agencies and training providers and partners, product-fulfillment companies, and third-party event hosts, hotels for conference registrants, sponsors, co-sponsors and exhibitors. These third-party service providers will only have access to the information needed to perform these limited functions on our behalf. If you do not wish to have your information included in an attendee list or to receive information from sponsors, co-sponsors and/or exhibitors, you can express your preferences when you register for events or you may contact IMAPS directly.Volunteers and Board Members. We may share your information with our affiliates, subsidiaries and IMAPS volunteers and board members for purposes of conducting IMAPS’s internal business operations.  IMAPS also makes publicly available the names, titles, country and business affiliations of officers, committee members and others who have assisted with initiatives or projects.IMAPS Events.  If you are an event attendee, speaker, or sponsor, certain items of your information may be included in the event roster, which will be publicly disclosed, and may also be shared with third-party event sponsors and exhibitors. Further, by registering and attending an IMAPS event, you agree irrevocably, with no compensation to you, that IMAPS or any third party who is acting on IMAPS’s behalf may create images, videos and/or sound recordings of you (“works”) at the event for marketing purposes. This grant of rights in the works also includes the rights to adapt, reproduce, distribute, perform, make available to the public, broadcast, retransmit or sublicense the works to IMAPS’s affiliates. This grant of rights in the works also includes all current and future media and is not restricted to time or territory.Potential Employers. If you use our optional Career Center services (job boards), the information you include in your profile will be shared with our Career Center site vendor and will be subject to the vendor’s privacy policies. When you provide information in the Career Center, your information may be accessible to potential employers or recruiters. IMAPS will only share information about you with potential employers or recruiters if you consent in advance to our sharing of this information.Response to Subpoenas, Court Orders, Government Requests or to Protect Rights and to Comply with Our Policies. To the extent permitted by law, we will disclose your information to government authorities or third parties if: (a) required to do so by law or regulation, or in response to a subpoena or court order or any other enforceable governmental request or order; (b) we believe in our sole discretion that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect against fraud, to protect the property or other rights of us or other users, third parties or the public at large; or (c) we believe that you have abused the Sites by using them to attack other systems or to gain unauthorized access to any other system, to engage in spamming or otherwise to violate applicable laws. You should be aware that, following disclosure to any third party, your information may be accessible by others to the extent permitted or required by applicable law.Business Transfers; Bankruptcy. In the event of a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy or other sale of all or a portion of our assets, any user informationowned or controlled by us may be one of the assets transferred to third parties. Unless you are residing in the European Economic Area, we reserve the right, as part of this type of transaction, to transfer or assign your information and other information we have collected from users to third parties. IMAPS will still ensure the confidentiality and security of any user information. Other than to the extent ordered by a bankruptcy or other court, the use and disclosure of all transferred user information will be subject to this Privacy Notice. Where we do share your personal data with third parties, IMAPS takes steps to ensure that they use appropriate safeguards to protect your personal data.C.  Information for Individuals Located in the European Union.Legal Basis for The Processing of Personal Information from EEA ResidentsIf you reside within the European Economic Area (EEA), our processing of your personal information will be legitimized as follows:(i) Whenever we require your consent for the processing of your personal information such processing will be justified pursuant to Article 6(1) lit. (a) of the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (“GDPR”). This article in the GDPR describes when processing can be done lawfully.(ii) If the processing of your personal data is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and IMAPS or for taking any pre-contractual steps upon your request, such processing will be based on GDPR Article 6(1) lit. (b).”). If this data is not processed, IMAPS will not be able to execute the contract with you.(iii) Where the processing is necessary for us to comply with a legal obligation, we will process your information on basis of GDPR Article 6(1) lit. (c), for example complying in the fields of employment law.(iv) And where the processing is necessary for the purposes of IMAPS’s legitimate interests, such processing will be made in accordance with GDPR Article 6(1) lit. (f), for example to detect fraud.Transferring Personal Data from the EU to the US:IMAPS has its headquarters in the United States. Information we collect from you will be processed in the United States. The United States has not sought nor received a finding of “adequacy” from the European Union under Article 45 of the GDPR). A finding of “adequacy” in short means that the European Commission has decided that this country outside the EEA ensures an adequate level of data protection. IMAPS relies on derogations as set forth in Article 49 of the GDPR as the United States has no “adequacy” decision and no other safeguards under the GDPR are in place (for example binding corporate rules on the transfer outside the EEA). In particular, IMAPS collects and transfers to the U.S. personal data only: with your explicit consent; to perform a contract with you; in a manner that does not outweigh your rights and freedoms. If this data is not processed and transferred, IMAPS will not be able to execute the contract with you or you will not have access to any or all of the benefits and features associated with your transaction. IMAPS endeavors to apply suitable safeguards to protect the privacy and security of your personal data and to use it only consistent with your relationship with IMAPS and the practices described in this Privacy Notice. IMAPS also minimizes the risk to your rights and freedoms by not collecting or storing sensitive information about you.If you wish to confirm that IMAPS is processing your personal data, or to have access to the personal data IMAPS may have about you, please contact IMAPS Executive Director.European Union Data Subject RightsThe European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation and other countries’ privacy laws provide certain rights for data subjects (these are persons that can be identified).This Privacy Notice is intended to provide you with information about what personal data IMAPS collects about you and how it is used. If you wish to confirm that IMAPS is processing your personal data, or to have access to the personal data IMAPS may have about you, or have other questions, please contact please contact IMAPS Executive Director.You may also request information through our Data Subject Access Portal about: the purpose of the processing; the categories of personal data concerned; who else outside IMAPS might have received the data from IMAPS; what the source of the information was (if you did not provide it directly to IMAPS); where the personal data is stored and how long it will be stored. You have a right to correct (rectify) the record of your personal data maintained by IMAPS if it is inaccurate. You may request that IMAPS erase that data or cease processing it, subject to certain exceptions. You may also ask IMAPS for your personal data to be supplemented or updated, or for their transformation into anonymous format or to block any data held in violation of the law, as well as to oppose their treatment for any and all legitimate reasons. You may withdraw your consent for the processing of personal data or the further processing of personal data by IMAPS at any time.  You may also request that IMAPS cease using your data for direct marketing purposes. In many countries (including EEA countries), you have a right to lodge a complaint with the appropriate data protection authority if you have concerns about how IMAPS processes your personal data. When technically feasible, IMAPS will—at your request—provide your personal data to you or transmit it directly to another controller. You have the right to receive your personal information in a structured and standard format.D.  Security of Your Information.IMAPS uses reasonable physical, technical and administrative measures to safeguard personal information you provide through the Sites or in connection with IMAPS’s products and services.  Please be aware that no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, IMAPS cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit on or through the Sites and you do so at your own risk.E.  Data Storage and Retention.Your personal data is stored by IMAPS on its servers, and on the servers of the database management services IMAPS engages, located in the United States. IMAPS retains data for the duration of the customer’s or member’s business relationship with IMAPS and otherwise as required under applicable law. Personal data will be kept for no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which your personal data are processed. We will retain your personal data as long as you are an IMAPS member or require our services so that we can provide these services to you.If you are located in the European Economic Area, at the moment you cancel your IMAPS membership or withdraw your consent for the processing of your personal information, all your personal data received and stored are erased if no longer needed by us. Unless we are required to retain this personal data by law or to comply with our regulatory obligations. In such a case, we will only keep this personal data for as long as necessary. For more information on where and how long your personal data is stored, and for more information on your rights of erasure and portability, please contact IMAPS Executive Director.5. How to Contact IMAPS and Modify Your Information or Preferences.Questions regarding this Privacy Notice should be directed to IMAPS Executive Director. If you would like to modify the types of marketing email messages you receive from IMAPS, you may do so by following the instructions within the body of any email message that you receive from us or through your online account in our membership software (Member Leap).6. Children.IMAPS is a professional membership association and the Sites are not directed to children under the age of 13. IMAPS does not knowingly collect personally identifiable data from persons under the age of 13 of COPPA (The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act). If you are a parent of a child under 13, and you believe that your child has provided us with information about him or herself, please contact IMAPS Executive Director.7. Modifications to this Privacy Notice.From time to time, IMAPS may need to update or modify this Privacy Notice, to reflect changes in our business practices, data collection practices or organization. We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Notice at any time, for any reason, without notice to you, other than the posting of the amended Privacy Notice on the Sites, or, if you have provided your email address to us, sending you an email notifying you of the amended Privacy Notice. It is strongly recommended to check the Site often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the top. We will in any case not reduce your rights under this Privacy Notice without your explicit and informed consent. If you do not agree to the changes, you should discontinue your use of the Sites, and cease providing personal information to us, prior to the time the modified Privacy Notice takes effect. If you continue using the Sites or provide personal information after the modified Privacy Notice takes effect, you will be bound by the modified Privacy Notice.8. Questions, Concerns or ComplaintsIf you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Notice, please contact IMAPS Executive Director. Copyright © International Microelectronics Assembly and Packaging Society™.All rights reserved.