http://india.wcs.org/terms-of-use
Skip to main content
WCS-India
WCS-India Menu
About Us
Wildlife
Programs
Newsroom
Academia
Opportunities
Gallery
Welcome to a website of the Wildlife Conservation Society- India (“WCS-India")("the Site").  By accessing and using the Site, you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions of use ("Terms of Use") and the associated Privacy Policy for the Site. From time to time, WCS-India may modify these Terms of Use, so please review it periodically for changes. Your continued use of the Site after we have modified the Terms of Use indicates your agreement to the modified terms.PRIVACY WCS- India respects the privacy of its users and encourages you to read its Privacy Policy so that you may make an informed decision about using the Site.  COPYRIGHT NOTICE Copyright 2019. Wildlife Conservation Society-India. All rights reserved.  TRADEMARK NOTICE WILDLIFE CONSERVATION SOCIETY-INDIA, WCS- India, #551, 7th Main Road, Rajiv Gandhi Nagar, 2nd Phase, Kodigehalli, Bangalore, Karnataka – 560097 and the various WCS-India logos displayed on the Site are trademarks or service marks of the Wildlife Conservation Society-India. All rights reserved.  USE OF CONTENT Permission to use, copy and distribute content delivered from this Site is hereby granted under the following conditions: (1) the above copyright and/or trademark notice(s) and this permission notice must appear in all copies; (2) any use of the content available from this Site must be for personal or informational purposes only and in no instance for commercial purposes; (3) no content available from this Site may be modified in any manner; (4) no graphics available from this Site may be used (including links from pages on other websites), copied, or distributed separate from the accompanying text; and (5) no attribution information may be removed from any content. Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved by WCS- India. Nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel, or otherwise any license or right under any trademark or service mark of WCS- India. Except as expressly granted above, all rights are expressly reserved to WCS- India. Submissions, upload content and online conduct You retain all of your ownership rights in any content including but not limited to information, data, text, messages, articles, software, photos, video, graphics, music, sounds or any other original or creative material, or other information provided by you in the form of e-mail or submissions to WCS- India, or postings on the Site or through another WCS- India website or service. You hereby grant WCS- India a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, sub-licensable and transferable license to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display, and perform the content in connection with Site, including without limitation for promoting and redistributing part or all of the WCS- India service (and derivative works thereof) in any media format and through any media channel. You also hereby grant each user of the WCS- India service a non-exclusive license to access your content through the Site, and to use, reproduce, distribute, display and perform such content as permitted through the functionality of the Site or a WCS- India service and under these Terms of Use. The submission of any content to WCS- India irrevocably waives any and all "moral rights" in such content. You further agree that WCS- India does not guarantee any confidentiality with respect to any content you submit.WCS- India does not endorse any content submitted to WCS- India, nor any opinion, recommendation, nor advice expressed therein, and WCS- India expressly disclaims any and all liability in connection with such submissions. You affirm, represent, and warrant that you own or have the necessary licenses, rights, consents, and permissions to publish content you submit; and you license to WCS- India all patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights in and to such content for publication on or through the Site or a WCS- India service pursuant to this Terms of Use. You further agree that any content you submit to WCS- India through this Site or any WCS- India -India service will not contain third party copyrighted material, or material that is subject to other third party proprietary rights, unless you have permission from the rightful owner of the material or you are otherwise legally entitled to post the material and to grant WCS- India all of the license rights granted herein. In order to maintain an efficient and effective Site that addresses the needs and interests of our users, the following rules apply to the use of this Site:  1.     You may not post or transmit any content that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, libellous, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, sexually explicit, profane, hateful, racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable material of any kind, or violates any other person's copyrights, privacy rights, trademarks, trade secrets or any other intellectual property rights, or rights in any confidential information. 2.     You may not post or transmit any content with the intent to threaten the safety of others and/or with the effect of causing a reasonable person to perceive a threat to his or her safety. 3.     You may not change, modify, alter or tamper with the Site's software, appearance or functionality. 4.     You acknowledge and agree that WCS- India may take appropriate action, at its discretion, in order to prevent the misuse of the Site to disseminate information, statements, or content that may be abusive, destructive, harmful or threatening to the safety of others or in order to comply with any law or regulation of any government entity; including deleting your posted content which violate these rules. Such action may include but is not limited to termination of your access to the Site for any reason, at any time, and without liability to you. 5.     You may not interfere with others' use of the Site or disrupt the normal flow or use of the Site, including but not limited by posting or transmitting any virus, infection, contamination or destructive file which causes the Site to become inaccessible, inoperable or contaminated. Indemnity You agree to indemnify and hold WCS- India, its officers, directors, trustees, shareholders, predecessors, successors in interest, employees, agents, subsidiaries and affiliates, harmless from any demands, loss, liability, claims or expenses (including attorneys' fees), made against WCS- India by any third party due to or arising out of or in connection with your use of the Site. WCS- India reserves the right, at your expense, to assume the exclusive defence and control of any matter for which you are required to indemnify us and you agree to cooperate with our defence of these claims. You agree not to settle any such matter without the prior written consent of WCS- India. WCS- India will use reasonable efforts to notify you of any such claim, action or proceeding upon becoming aware of it.”Use by Children The Site and services of WCS- India are available only to, and may only be used by, individuals who are 18 (eighteen) years and older who can form legally binding contracts under applicable law. Individuals under the age of 18 (eighteen) years may use this Site and our WCS- India services only in conjunction with and under the supervision of a parent or legal guardian. In this case, the adult is the user and is responsible for any and all activities. Disclaimer THE SITE AND ITS CONTENT ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS", "WHERE IS" BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. WCS- India DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. WCS- India DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT CONTENT IN THE SITE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED THROUGH THE SITE BY THIRD PARTIES, ARE ACCURATE, COMPLETE, RELIABLE, CURRENT OR ERROR-FREE. WCS- India DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE SITE OR WCS- India'S SERVER(S) ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. ANY MATERIAL DOWNLOADED, UPLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THE SITE IS DONE AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK AND YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR BUSINESS OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OR UPLOAD OF ANY SUCH MATERIAL OR THE USE OF THE SITE. WCS- India reserves the right to change any and all content contained on the Site at any time without notice. Reference to any products, services, processes or other information, by trade name, trademark, service mark, manufacturer, supplier or otherwise does not constitute or imply endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation thereof by WCS- India.
Without limiting the foregoing, we do not guarantee continuous, uninterrupted access to the Site or the services of WCS- India, and operation of the Site may be interfered with by numerous factors outside our control.Limitation of Liability IN NO EVENT SHALL WCS- India OR ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, TRUSTEES, SHAREHOLDERS OR EMPLOYEES BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES OF ANY KIND WHETHER IN AN ACTION IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITE OR THE CONTENT CONTAINED IN, OR ACCESSED THROUGH, THE SITE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY DAMAGES CAUSED BY OR RESULTING FROM RELIANCE BY USER ON ANY INFORMATION OBTAINED FROM WCS- India, OR THAT RESULTS FROM MISTAKES, OMISSIONS, INTERRUPTIONS, DELETION OF FILES OR E-MAIL, ERROR, DEFECTS, VIRUSES, DELAYS IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION OR ANY FAILURE OF PERFORMANCE, WHETHER OR NOT RESULTING FROM ACTS OF GOD, COMMUNICATIONS FAILURE, THEFT, DESTRUCTION OR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO WCS- India'S RECORDS, PROGRAMS OR SERVICES. Linking to the WCS- India Website  You are granted a limited, non-exclusive right to create a hyperlink to this Site provided such link does not portray WCS- India or any of its products, services or programs in a false, misleading, derogatory or otherwise defamatory manner. This limited right may be revoked at any time. You may not use, frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any WCS- India trademark, service mark, logo or other proprietary information, including the images found at the WCS- India website, the content of any text or the layout/design of any page or form contained on a page without WCS- India’s express written consent. Further, you may not use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing a WCS- India name, trademark or product name without WCS- India’s express written consent. Except as noted above, you are not conveyed any right or license by implication, estoppel or otherwise, in or under any patent, trademark, service mark, copyright or proprietary right of WCS- India or any third party. WCS- India makes no claim or representation regarding, and accepts no responsibility for, the quality, content, nature or reliability of websites linking to the WCS- India website. Third party links and contentWCS- India may provide links to web pages and content of third parties ("Third Party Content") as a service to those interested in this information. WCS- India does not monitor, nor does it have any control over, any Third Party Content. WCS- India does not endorse or adopt any Third Party Content and can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness. WCS- India makes no representations or warranties of any kind regarding such Third Party Content, or any information contained therein, and undertakes no responsibility to update or review any Third Party Content. When leaving the WCS- India site, you should be aware that WCS- India’s terms and policies no longer govern, and, therefore, you should review the applicable terms and policies, including privacy and data gathering practices, of that site. Users use these links and Third Party Content contained therein at their own risk. Accounts  Some WCS- India sites and services permit or require you to create an account to participate or to secure additional benefits. You agree to provide and maintain accurate, current and complete information, including your contact information for notices and other communications from us and your payment information. You agree not to impersonate or misrepresent your affiliation with any person or entity, including using another person's username, password or other account information, or another person's name or likeness, or provide false details for a parent or guardian. You agree that WCS- India may take steps to verify the accuracy of information you provide, including contact information for a parent or guardian.  You are responsible for taking reasonable steps to maintain the confidentiality of your username and password, and you are responsible for all activities under your account that you can reasonably control. You agree to promptly notify WCS- India of any unauthorized use of your username, password or other account information, or of any other breach of security that you become aware of involving your account or the applicable WCS- India service. EXCESsive data usage charges Accessing and using the Site on your mobile device will require use of your data service. Depending on the plan you have with your mobile network carrier, you could incur excessive data charges amounting to hundreds or thousands of rupees. You should check with your mobile network carrier and determine how you will be charged for data usage. WCS- India is not responsible for your data usage and will not be responsible for excessive data charges that you may incur. You are responsible for any Internet connection, data or other fees assessed by your mobile network carrier to access the Site via your wireless device, including any data plan charges, toll, out-of-area, roaming or other wireless device connection charges.  Severability and non waiver If any provision of these Terms of Use shall be deemed unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these Terms of Use and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. The failure of WCS- India to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any of the provisions of these Terms of Use or to exercise any rights or remedies under these Terms of Use will not be construed as a waiver or relinquishment to any extent of WCS- India’s right to assert or rely upon any such provisions, rights or remedies in that or any other instance; rather, the same will be and remain in full force and effect. Applicable Law and jurisdiction  The laws of India shall govern these Terms of Use, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of laws or the Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods. Any dispute arising out of the provisions of these Terms of Use or your use of the Site or Services shall be adjudicated to the exclusive jurisdiction in, and the exclusive venue of the courts in Bangalore, India. Limitation on time to file claims ANY CAUSE OF ACTION OR CLAIM YOU MAY HAVE ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS OF USE OR THE SITE MUST BE COMMENCED WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES, OTHERWISE, SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION OR CLAIM IS PERMANENTLY BARRED. COPYRIGHT NOTICE We respect the intellectual property rights of others and we prohibit users from uploading, posting or otherwise transmitting on our Site or in connection with the WCS- India services any materials that violate another party's intellectual property rights. When we receive proper notification of alleged copyright infringement, we promptly remove or disable access to the allegedly infringing material and terminate the accounts of repeat infringers as described herein in accordance with the Indian Copyright Act 1957. If you believe that any content on the Site may give rise to copyright infringement, please provide WCS- India with the written information specified below - (i) An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest. (ii) A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed upon; (iii) A description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the site, including the product name, if applicable; (iv) Your address, telephone number, and e-mail address; (v) A statement by you that you have a good-faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; (vi) A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.  Please send notices to WCS- India at #551, 7th Main Road, Rajiv Gandhi  Nagar, 2nd Phase, Kodigehalli, Bengaluru, Karnataka 560097 and mail at info@wcsindia.org We reserve the right to remove content alleged to be infringing without prior notice and at our sole discretion.  Use of the site outside the united states
The Site is controlled and offered by WCS- India from India. WCS- India makes no representations that the Site is appropriate or available for use in other locations. If you access the Site from outside India, you do so at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with the laws of your jurisdiction.  If you are located outside of India, the information you provide to us will be transferred to India and that by providing your Information, you consent to this transfer and storage of the data in India.  Termination  Notwithstanding any of these Terms of Use, WCS- India reserves the right, without notice and in its sole discretion, to terminate your use of the Site and to block or prevent future access to and use of the Site. You may terminate the Terms of Use at any time by closing your account, discontinuing your use of the Site, and providing WCS-India with a notice of termination mailed to info@wcsindia.org. Data retention WCS- India may maintain backups of data including registration data to recover data and restore accounts in case of errors or system failure. Therefore, data that you delete or that WCS- India deletes may remain backed up. WCS- India does not guarantee that backups will function error free. WCS- India may not be able to restore data from a backup on request. For these reasons, you are responsible for maintaining your own backups. Sweepstakes and contest WCS- India may operate sweepstakes, contests, and similar promotions (collectively "Promotions") through this Site. You should carefully review the rules ("Official Rules") of each Promotion in which you participate, as the Official Rules may contain additional terms and conditions. In the event the Official Rules conflict with this Terms of Use, the Official Rules will control.  Repeat Infringer Policy WCS- India may also at its sole discretion limit access to the Site and/or terminate the memberships of any users who infringe any intellectual property rights of others, whether or not there is any repeat infringement. Resolution of Disputes and Release  In the event a dispute arises between you and WCS- India, please contact us at info@wcsindia.org and should you have a dispute with one or more user or an outside party, you release WCS- India (and WCS- India’s officers, directors, agents, subsidiaries, joint ventures and employees) from any and all claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, arising out of or in any way connected with such dispute. Notices All notices to users will be sent by e-mail or will be posted on the Site. We will send notices to users at the e-mail address maintained in the WCS- India records/ on the user’s updated account on the Site. E-mail notices are deemed written notices for all purposes for which written notices may be required. E-mail notices are deemed received on the Business Day after transmission, if properly addressed to the intended recipient.  Review and correction If you would like to review or correct the information that you provided to WCS- India (or if you have comments or questions about our Site), you can contact us at: info@wcsindia.org   Contact Information:Wildlife Conservation Society- India#551, 7th Main Road, Rajiv Gandhi  Nagar, 2nd Phase, Kodigehalli, Bengaluru, Karnataka 560097