https://inequality.org/privacy-policy/
Home
Topics
Covid-19
2020 Inequality
Causal Factors
Health Effects
Labor
Philanthropy
Student Debt
Executive Pay
Hidden Wealth
Legislative Action
Plutocracy
Sustainability
Faces on the Frontlines
Historical Background
Middle Class Squeeze
Racial Wealth Divide
Taxation
Gender Gap
Income Distribution
Social Mobility
Wall Street
Global Struggles
Inherited Wealth
Solutions
Wealth Concentration
All Research & Commentary
All Blogging Our Great Divide
Research & Commentary
Our Great Divide
Facts
Income Inequality
Wealth Inequality
Global Inequality
Inequality and Health
Racial Economic Inequality
Gender Economic Inequality
Inequality and the Care Economy
Inequality and Covid-19
Resources
Inequality Weekly
Organizations
Quotes
Books
Our Work
Reports
Books
Policy Development
About
Newsletter
Action
Donate
Press enter to search
Sign up for our weekly newsletter- the latest horror, humor, and hope around economic inequality in your inbox every Monday.
Privacy Policy
The Institute for Policy studies and it’s projects have a firm commitment to safeguarding the privacy of our visitors personal information. Personal information is information about an identifiable individual. This includes information about your product and service subscriptions and usage.
Collection, Use and Disclosure of Personal Information
The personal information we collect is used to provide our services, for billing, for identification and authentication, for the general operation and improvement of our services, and to respond to inquiries, and is not used, shared with or sold to other organizations, except: to provide the products or services you’ve requested; or when we have your permission.
We collect the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations. IPS will not disclose, sell, trade, rent, or otherwise reveal our supporters’ email addresses with a third party.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new reports or activities of the Institute or our projects.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed on-line.
If you do not wish to receive such email or mailings, please let us know by calling us at the number below, e-mailing us or writing to us.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will contact you before we use your data for these new purposes to notify you of the policy change and to provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to all information [including proprietary information] that we maintain about them.
Security
The security of your personal information is important to us. Our service has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. We do not store credit card information in our database.
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it.
When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial information, we redirect visitors to a secure server.
We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
Links to Other Sites
This site contains links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other Web sites.
Questions
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the address or phone number below, state or local chapters of the Better Business Bureau, state or local consumer protection office.
Our postal address is:
1301 Connecticut Ave NW, Suite 600
Washington, DC 20036
We can be reached via e-mail at info@ips-dc.org or you can reach us by telephone at 202-234-9382.
Stay informed
Subscribe to our weekly newsletter
Subscribe Now
Latest News
January 1, 1970
about 8 hours agoWhat happens when we rely on billionaires for the resources essential to our global health? Public well-being suffe… https://t.co/L2h7oHCiEP