https://iri.columbia.edu/about-us/privacy-policy/
HomeAbout UsPrivacy Policy Privacy Policy
The International Research Institute for Climate and Society (IRI) is committed to respecting the privacy of our visitor’s information.
Identities of users of this Site are not anonymous, but names of users and personal identifying information about users will not be provided to any third parties.
Columbia University uses IP addresses, domain information and other access statistics to analyze trends, administer the Site, track users’ movements, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. This information is not linked to personally identifiable information. Columbia University may share aggregated demographic information with third parties. Aggregate information is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.
Cookies
This website may use cookies as well as similar tools and technologies to understand visitors’ experiences. By continuing to use this website, you consent to Columbia University’s usage of cookies and similar technologies, in accordance with the Columbia University Website Cookie Notice.
Email lists
This web site provides subscription services, including several e-mail based mailing lists. E-mail addresses collected in the maintenance of those lists are not shared with any person or organization outside of Columbia University. Subscription to any one mailing list is limited to that list only, unless the subscriber specifically requests additional subscriptions or correspondence.
This Privacy Policy applies to your use of all sites under the domains iri.columbia.edu. This Privacy Policy does not apply to your use of any other sites operated by Columbia University or affiliated or unaffiliated third-party sites to which the Site may link.
Exceptions
In certain circumstances, and as exceptions to this Privacy Policy, we will, without notice to you, release specific information about you or your account to comply with any valid legal process such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute or court order, or in other special cases, such as, for example, an attempted breach of the security of the Site, or a physical threat to you or others.
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time to address new issues and reflect changes on this site, and as the need arises. All changes to this Privacy Policy will be posted here. Please refer to this Privacy Policy regularly. If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please send us an email at ude.aibmuloc.irinull@retsambew.