https://isocarp.org/privacy-policy/
Member login
Username
Password
Remember Me
Join our Global Network!
ISOCARP is the international Society of City and Regional Planners. Founded in 1965, we are a global association of over 700 experienced professionals, bringing together recognised and highly-qualified planners from more than 85 countries worldwide.
Apply today for your membership!
Shopping CartCan’t find something?
Search for:
Your email
*
ISOCARP - International Society of City and Regional Planners
ISOCARP Newsletters
International Planning Events Database
International Planning Organisations Database
Partnership
Share your news with us
Please also refer to the Privacy Policy for Members / Workshop Participants / Award Candidates, as well as the Privacy Policy for Job Applicants.
1. Introduction: ISOCARP respects the privacy of all visitors to its website.
We will handle your personal data in a careful, secure and confidential manner. This privacy statement explains how we do this. This privacy statement applies to:
Our website
Our congress website
Our electronic newsletters.
2. What personal data do we collect?
We collect personal data via our website, via newsletters and when you contact us. Personal data is data that can be used to determine your identity. We collect personal data in the following situations:
When you send us an e-mail or contact us by completing the web form, we will process your name and contact information in order to be able to contact you to answer your question and/or process your comment.
When you apply for or renew an individual/institutional membership via our website, we will collect data such as your name, address, other contact information, photo, CV, date of birth and information about your education, profession, sector, interests and current job.
When you visit our website, we will collect data regarding your visit and your behaviour on our website.
We collect your e-mail address for our newsletter. We will track whether or not you open the newsletter and we will register your clicking behaviour.
3. Why do we collect personal data?
We process your personal data for the following purposes:
When you send us an e-mail message or contact us by completing the web form: in order to respond to your question or comment;
When you are or apply to be a member: in order to carry out the membership properly;
When you subscribe to our newsletter: in order to send you the requested information;
When you visit our website: in order to analyse and improve our service provision – this includes the measurement and analysis of statistical data and the production of user statistics.
We will not use your personal data for any other purposes, unless the further processing of the personal data is compatible with the purposes for which this data was originally processed.
4. Legal grounds for the processing
Agreement – Membership Payment
If you are a member of ISOCARP, we need certain information from you, such as your name, contact-, education- and professional and payment details.
With regard to the payment of your membership and the requested details: the membership payments are managed via Stripe. Please consult the Stripe privacy policy to find out how it handles personal data. ISOCARP receives the following (additional) information: expiry date, type of credit card and the last 4 digits of the credit card, the location via IP-address, device type and operating system.
Legitimate Interests
If we have any legitimate interests in the processing of your personal data, we can process your data for these reasons. We will not process your personal data when your interest in not having the data processed carries more weight.
Answering questions per e-mail is part of the regular business activities of ISOCARP. The data you supply to this end is therefore necessary to provide the best possible answer to your question. It is also part of the regular business activities of ISOCARP to keep you informed of any news items. We will do so via the newsletter. We will take pictures, audio and video recordings during events that you visit, that we can use in our news items. Furthermore, ISOCARP has an interest in a well-functioning website, tailored to the requirements of website visitors.
You are entitled to object to the processing of your personal data as specified above. Please contact us if you wish to object. If you do so, we will cease the data processing, unless there are compelling and legitimate grounds as a result of which our interest in the processing of your data overrides your interest in having us cease the processing operations. When you request us to cease the data processing, you may no longer be able to have full access to our services.
Permission
In some cases, we will ask our members for permission before we process their data. For example, we ask our members permission to make their photo, name, email address, country of residence, areas of expertise, position and institution visible to our other members and the public.
You are entitled to withdraw your permission at all times. We will stop processing your personal data in the relevant case.
5. Newsletter
We offer a newsletter with which we intend to inform interested parties of any news items to do with our organisation and related issues. You will only receive this newsletter if you are a subscriber. Subscribers include 1) people who have subscribed to the newsletter and 2) existing members of ISOCARP.
Each newsletter includes a link with which you can unsubscribe with one click.
We use the services of MailChimp to send our newsletters. Your name and e-mail address will be passed on to MailChimp. Please consult the MailChimp privacy policy to find out how it handles personal data.
6. Cookies
What is a cookie?
We use cookies on this website. A cookie is a simple, small file that is sent with pages of this website and stored on the hard disc of your computer by your browser. The data stored in the cookie can be sent back to our servers during a subsequent visit.
Use of permanent cookies
We use a permanent cookie to recognise you during a subsequent visit to our website. Consequently, the website can be adjusted specifically to your preferences. We can even use a cookie to remember you have given permission for the placement of cookies. This saves you from repeating your preferences. This therefore saves time and enhances your experience on our website. You can remove permanent cookies via the settings on your browser.
Use of session cookies
We can use a session cookie to monitor which website sections you have viewed during a particular session. This enables us to gear our service towards the surfing behaviour of our visitors in the best possible way. These cookies will be removed automatically once you close your web browser.
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to track how visitors use the website. This web analysis service is offered by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies. The information obtained in this way is passed on to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. We refer you to the Google privacy policy and the specific Google privacy policy for Google Analytics.
Information collected with Google Analytics has been anonymised as far as possible. For example, ISOCARP is not granted access to information on individual website visitors. Google will not process your full IP address, and will partially mask the data from your IP address.
The data will be transferred to and saved by Google on servers in the United States. Google declares to be in compliance with the Privacy Shield principles and is affiliated to the Privacy Shield program of the US Department of Commerce. This means that a proper protection level is in place for the processing of any personal data.
ISOCARP has not given Google permission to the use the collected data for its own purposes. The cookies collected by Google Analytics will not be used in combination with other services from Google, including DoubleClick and AdWords.
Social media
Our website features buttons for the promotion (“like”) or (“comment”) of web pages on social networks such as Facebook.
These buttons operate by means of pieces of code that originate from Facebook. Cookies are placed by means of this code. We have no control over this. Please read the privacy statements of Facebook (which are regularly subject to change) to find out how they handle your (personal) data that is processed via these cookies.
Enabling, disabling and removing cookies
You can find more information on enabling, disabling and removing cookies in the instructions and/or by using the Help function of your browser.
7. Security of personal data
We will ensure the personal data we have received from you is secured, in line with applicable legal requirements and guidelines.
8. Retention period of personal data
We will not store your personal data longer than is necessary for the purpose of data processing.
Newsletter: your name and contact details will be stored until you indicate you no longer wish to receive our newsletters.
Answering your questions: your name and contact details will not be stored longer than is necessary and in any case not longer than a year, unless a member relationship has been established.
Membership: after termination of the membership, the membership data will be stored digitally for 7 years after termination.
Technical reasons, including website optimisation: technical data are stored in anonymous form as far as possible and will be used for as long as is necessary for the optimisation of the website.
9. Where is your personal data processed?
We will process your personal data in the European Union/EEA. Your personal data could be processed in or passed on to countries outside the European Union/EEA, but only if there are appropriate safeguards in place to secure your personal data.
10. Who has access to your data?
We will not supply your personal data to third parties, except to the parties specified below or if you have given permission for this.
We work with the following external parties who have access to your personal data:
Google Analytics, for website optimisation
Stripe, for membership payments
PayPal, for shop payments
Salesforce, CRM software
FormTitan, form provider
Mailchimp, for sending electronic newsletters
Exact Online, for financial administration
We have concluded a processing agreement with parties who process your personal data. This serves to protect your personal data.
We reserve the right to share your personal data with third parties if there is a legal obligation to do so, or when this is required to represent your interests or those of us or third parties.
11. Changes to our policy
This privacy statement could be amended. We will always announce any changes on this website. We will personally inform you of any changes that apply to you, for example by sending you an e-mail.
12. How can you exercise your rights?
You have a number of rights under privacy legislation (this includes the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). These rights are specified in article 12 – 23 of the GDPR and in related legislation. In any case, you have the following rights with regard to your personal data:
The right to request access to your personal data
The right to request the correction of your personal data if it is not correct (rectification)
The right to request removal of your personal data
The right to request the restriction of your personal data
If we process your personal data based on our legitimate interests: the right to object to the (further) processing of your personal data (resistance)
If we process your personal data based on your permission and the data is processed in a fully automatic manner: the right to request the transfer of your personal data (data portability)
If you wish to exercise one or more of the rights specified above, you can contact us via Mrs Overtoom, overtoom@isocarp.org.
13. Objection and the right to complain
We have processed certain personal data about you based on our legitimate interests. On the basis of the latter, you have the right to object to the processing of your personal data at all times. In this case, we will cease the data processing, unless there are compelling and legitimate grounds as a result of which our interest in the processing of your data overrides your interest in having us cease the processing operations.
Do you disagree with a decision made by us, for example the decision not to remove your personal data? Then you will be able to use one or more of the following options:
You can contact us: in this case, we will try to find a solution together with you.
You can submit a complaint: you have the right to submit a complaint to the Data Protection Authority.
You can request for mediation: you can ask the Data Protection Authority to mediate.
You can litigate: you have the right bring an action before a competent court in order to settle the dispute.
14. Contact
The responsibility for the processing of personal data lies with:
ISOCARP – Internationale Vereniging van Stedebouwkundigen
Laan van Meerdervoort 70; R. 3.18/3.20
2517 AN The Hague, The Netherlands
Contact Us
Ways of Payment to ISOCARP
ANBI
WordPress Download Manager
WordPress Download Manager - Best Download Management Plugin
Close
Skip to toolbar
Log in
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok