https://isosciences.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to the www.isosciences.com and IsoSciences, LLC and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to IsoSciences, LLC include www.isosciences.com and ISO. The ISO website is a eCommerce and Catalog site. By using the ISO website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
ISO may collect personally identifiable information, such as your name. If you purchase ISO’s products and services, we collect billing and credit card information. This information is used to complete the purchase transaction. We may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by ISO. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the ISO website.
ISO encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from ISO so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. ISO is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the ISO website.
Use of your Personal Information
ISO collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested.
ISO may also use your personally identifiable informtion to inform you of other products or services available from ISO and its affiliates. ISO may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
ISO does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
ISO may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to ISO, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
ISO may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within ISO, in order to determine what ISO services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within ISO to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
ISO will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on ISO or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of ISO; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of ISO, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The ISO website may use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize ISO pages, or register with ISO site or services, a cookie helps ISO to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same ISO website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the ISO features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the ISO services or websites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
ISO secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
Opt-Out & Unsubscribe
We respect your privacy and give you an opportunity to opt-out of receiving announcements of certain information. Users may opt-out of receiving any or all communications from ISO by contacting us here:
Email: MPD_Isosciences_Info@entegris.com
Phone: 610-337-3762
Changes to this Statement
ISO will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. ISO encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how ISO is protecting your information.
Contact Information
ISO welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that ISO has not adhered to this Statement, please contact ISO at:
IsoSciences, LLC
1017 W 9th Ave
King of Prussia, PA 19406
Email Address: MPD_Isosciences_Info@entegris.com
Telephone number: 610-337-3762
Effective as of March 13, 2012