https://itsa.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
The Intelligent Transportation Society of America (ITS America) is a nonprofit membership association, advancing the research and deployment of intelligent transportation technologies to save lives, improve mobility, promote sustainability, and increase efficiency and productivity. Our members are both private companies and public sector ITS professionals.
When we receive information for our own purposes, such as your email address or billing information, the processing of that information is described by this privacy policy.  When we receive or process information on behalf of one of our members or stakeholders, the privacy practices that apply to the processing of that information is governed by their privacy policy.
Types of Information We Collect
We are a membership association.  In that capacity we receive personal information from our members and stakeholders, and process that information.  The following provides examples of different types of information we may collect and how we use that information.
ContextTypes of DataAccount Information and Information about Members and StakeholdersWe collect the name, and contact information, of our member organizations and their employees with whom we interact.  We have a legitimate interest in collecting this information.Cookies and First Party TrackingCookies are deployed on www.itsa.org; small pieces of information that a website sends to a computer’s hard drive while a web site is viewed.  We have a legitimate interest in making our website operate efficiently.Cookies and Third Party TrackingWe participate in behavior-based advertising for ITS America events. We will employ a third party uses technology (e.g., a cookie) to collect information about your use of our website in order to provide advertising about products and services tailored to your interests on our website.  We have a legitimate interest in engaging in behavior-based advertising and capturing website analytics.Email InterconnectivityIf you receive email from us, we use certain tools to capture data related to when you open or interact with our messages.  We have a legitimate interest in understanding how you interact with our communications.EmploymentIf you apply for a job posting, or become an employee, we collect information necessary to process your application or to retain you as an employee.  Feedback/SupportIf you provide us feedback or contact us for support, we will collect your name and e-mail address, as well as any other content that you send to us, in order to reply.  We have a legitimate interest in receiving, and acting upon, your feedback or issues.Mailing ListWhen you sign up for one of our mailing lists, we may collect your email address or postal address.   We also have a legitimate interest in sharing information about our products or services.Online RegistrationWe collect your name and contact information when you create an online account.  We also collect information relating to the actions that you perform while logged into your account.  We have a legitimate interest in collecting this information.SurveysWhen you participate in a survey we collect information that you provide through the survey.  If the survey is provided by a third party service provider, the third party’s privacy policy applies to the collection, use, and disclosure of your information.  We have a legitimate interest in conducting surveys.Web logsWe collect information, including your browser type, operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address (a number that is automatically assigned to a computer when the Internet is used), domain name, click-activity, referring website, and/or a date/time stamp for visitors. We have a legitimate interest in monitoring our networks and the visitors to our websites.  Among other things, it helps us understand which of our services is the most popular.
In addition to the information that we collect from you directly, we may also receive information about you from other sources, including third parties, business partners, our affiliates, or publicly available sources.  For example, if you submit a job application, or become an employee, we may conduct a background check.
Use and Processing of Information.
In addition to the purposes and uses described above, we use information in the following ways:
To identify you when you visit our website.To improve our services and product offerings.To conduct analytics.To respond to inquiries related to support, employment opportunities, or other requests.For internal administrative purposes, as well as to manage our membership database.
Although the sections above describe our primary purpose in collecting your information, in many situations we have more than one purpose.  For example, if you retain us to provide consulting services we may collect your information to perform our contract with you, but we also collect your information because we have a legitimate interest in understanding who our members/ stakeholders are and what services we perform on your behalf.  As a result, our collection and processing of your information is based in different contexts upon your consent, our need to perform a contract, our obligations under law, and/or our legitimate interest in conducting our business.
Sharing of Information.
In addition to the specific situations discussed elsewhere in this policy, we disclose information in the following situations:
Affiliates and Acquisitions. We may share information with our corporate affiliates (e.g., parent company, sister companies, subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under common control).  If another company acquires, or anticipates acquiring, our company, business, or our assets, we will also share information with that company. Other Disclosures with Your Consent.  We may ask if you would like us to share your information with other unaffiliated third parties who are not described elsewhere in this policy.Other Disclosures without Your Consent. We may disclose information in response to subpoenas, warrants, or court orders, or in connection with any legal process, or to comply with relevant laws.  We may also share your information in order to establish or exercise our rights, to defend against a legal claim, to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding possible illegal activities, suspected fraud, safety of person or property, or a violation of our policies, or to comply with your request for the shipment of products to or the provision of services by a third party intermediary.Public.  Some of our websites may provide the opportunity to post comments, or reviews, on a message board or in a public forum.  If you decide to submit information on these pages, that information may be publically available.Service Providers. We may share your information with service providers.  Among other things service providers may help us to administer our website, conduct surveys, provide technical support, process payments, and assist in the fulfillment of orders.
Your Choices.
You can make the following choices regarding your personal information:
Promotional Emails. You may choose to provide us with your email address for the purpose of allowing us to send free newsletters, surveys, offers, and other promotional materials to you, as well as targeted offers from third parties.  You can stop receiving promotional emails by following the unsubscribe instructions in e-mails that you receive.  If you decide not to receive promotional emails, we may still send you service related communications.Access to Your Personal Information. For information that we collect on our own behalf we will grant you, where required by law, reasonable access to the personal information that we have about you.  You may request access to your personal information by contacting us at the address described below. Changes to Your Personal Information. You can contact us at the address described below to request that your information be updated or modified. Deletion of Your Personal Information. We typically retain personal information that we collect on our own behalf for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.  You may request information about how long we keep a specific type of information, or request that we delete your personal information, by contacting us at the address described below. Revocation of Consent or Objections.  You may revoke consent to processing (where our processing is based upon consent), or object to our processing (where our processing is not based upon your consent) by contacting us at the address described below.  If you revoke your consent / object we may no longer be able to provide you services. In some cases we may limit or deny your request to revoke consent / object if the law permits or requires us to do so, or if we are unable to adequately verify your identity.  Online Tracking.  We do not currently recognize automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms, which may include “Do Not Track” instructions.
How We Protect Personal Information
No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is fully secure. While we use reasonable efforts to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information. In the event that we are required by law to inform you of any unauthorized access to your personal information we may notify you electronically, in writing, or by telephone, if permitted to do so by law.
Some of our websites permit you to create an account.  When you do you will be prompted to create a password.  You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password, and you are responsible for any access to or use of your account by someone else that has obtained your password, whether or not such access or use has been authorized by you.  You should notify us of any unauthorized use of your password or account.
Miscellaneous
The following additional information relates to our privacy practices:
Transmission of Information to Other Countries. By submitting your personal information to us you agree to the transfer, storage and processing of your information in a country other than your country of residence including, but not necessarily limited to, the United States.  If you would like more information concerning our attempts to apply the privacy principles applicable in one jurisdiction to data when it goes to another jurisdiction you can contact us using the contact information below.Changes to This Privacy Policy.  We may change our privacy policy and practices over time.  To the extent that our policy changes in a material way, the policy that was in place at the time that you submitted personal information to us will generally govern that information unless we receive your consent to the new privacy policy.
Contact Information.  If you have any questions, comments, or complaints concerning our privacy practices please contact us at the appropriate address below.  We will attempt to respond to your requests and to provide you with additional privacy-related information.
ITSA AMERICA1100 New Jersey Ave SE, Suite 800Washington, DC 20003info@itsa.org
If you are not satisfied with our response, and are in the European Union, you may have a right to lodge a complaint with your local supervisory authority.
Effective Date: MAY 2020
Let’s Transform the Future Together.
ITS America advances the research and deployment of intelligent transportation technologies to save lives, improve mobility, promote sustainability, and increase efficiency and productivity.
Our members are involved in all facets of Intelligent Transportation Systems (ITS) research, planning, development and deployment.
ITS America is the only organization that brings together players from all the relevant sectors: state departments of transportation (DOTs); regional and local transportation and planning agencies; private companies providing ITS products, services and technology; auto manufacturers and suppliers; research organizations; academic institutions; and transportation associations.
Join us.
Become a Member
As advocates for transportation innovation throughout the world’s largest transportation network, ITS America’s public, private and academic members are dedicated to championing smart mobility strategies to ensure safe and thriving communities.Ramin Massoumi, Senior Vice President & General Manager, Iteris
Private companies, public agencies and academic institutions committed to influencing the future of intelligent transportation come together at ITS America. Every day, our members advance technology solutions that save lives and improve mobility across the country – in cities, suburbs, and rural communities.Malcolm Dougherty, National Practice Executive, Transportation, Michael Baker International
At ITS America, our public, private and academic sector members are committed to deploying intelligent transportation technologies to save lives and improve mobility on our nation’s roads. While transportation constantly evolves, we will do all we can to ensure it continues to be the engine that drives our nation’s economy and contributes to improving our quality of life.Carlos Braceras, Director, Utah Department of Transportation
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website. You can find out more about which cookies we are using in our Privacy Policy.
Accept
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
disable
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Enable All
Save Settings