https://itsnlp.com/terms-conditions-privacy/
Skip to content
Terms, Conditions & Privacy
Terms, Conditions & Privacy
2018-05-23T15:22:32+00:00
Terms and Conditions
1. DEFINITIONS
In this document the following words shall have the following meanings:
1.1 “Agreement” means these Terms and Conditions together with the terms of any applicable Specification Document;
1.2 “Customer” means the organisation or person who purchases goods and services from ITS;
1.3 “Delegate” means the organisation or person who purchases goods and services from ITS;
1.4 “Intellectual Property Rights” means all patents, registered and unregistered designs, copyright, trade marks, know-how and all other forms of intellectual property wherever in the world enforceable;
1.5 “Specification Document” means a statement of work, quotation or other similar document describing the goods and services to be provided by the supplier;
1.6 “Supplier” means International Teaching Seminars.
2. GENERAL
2.1 These Terms and Conditions shall apply to all contracts for the supply of goods and services by the ITS to the Customer.
2.2 Should you wish to make a complaint about any of the products and services from International Teaching Seminars, please send this to:
Clare Church – Complaints Manager
International Teaching Seminars
ITS House
Webster Court
Websters Way
Rayleigh
Essex
SS6 8JQ
You can also contact us via email at info@itsnlp.com
3. PRICE AND PAYMENT
3.1 We are not liable to refund fee differences that may arise due to delegates booking at different times, discounts etc.
3.2 Invoiced amounts shall be due and payable within 30 days of receipt of invoice. ITS is entitled to charge interest on overdue invoices from the date when payment becomes due at the rate of 1% per annum above the base rate of the Bank of England.
3.3 Should a purchase order be required for payment of the invoice, it is the delegate’s responsibility to ensure International Teaching Seminars have the full details and agreed purchase order before the products or services are supplied.
3.4 In the event that a booking is cancelled, an administration charge will be incurred. This will depend on the notice of cancellation as detailed below:
Notification of Cancellation less than 30 days prior to programme start date – subject to £500 administration fee.
Notification of Cancellation more than 30 days prior to programme start date – subject to £150 administration fee.
The cancellation must be made in writing to info@itsnlp.com
3.5 Attendance for the programme will only be secured when full payment has been received or you have accepted our interest free payment plan.
3.6 All payment plans must be agreed with ITS.
3.7 Full payment for all programmes must be received prior to programme commencement unless a payment plan has been arranged and agreed and set up with ITS
3.8 All programme fees are non refundable once the programme has commenced. Transfers are permitted however they must be agreed with ITS prior to attendance. ITS will automatically transfer attendance for 24 months without charge – after this period of time, additional transfer fees will apply (unless agreed otherwise with ITS) and the customer must inform ITS of their intention to attend.
3.9 No time limit to achieving certification. It will be necessary to apply additional fees if you do not complete the programme within a period of 24 months, unless agreed otherwise with ITS. Prior contact with ITS must be made before attendance.
4. SPECIFICATIONS
4.1 For the avoidance of doubt no description, specification or illustration contained in any product pamphlet or other sales or marketing literature of ITS and no representation written or oral, correspondence or statement shall form part of the contract.
4.2 No unauthorised use of the ITS logo is permitted at anytime.
4.3 All International Teaching Seminars workshops and programmes are recorded via audio
5. DELIVERY AND PROGRAMME INFORMATION
5.1 The times of delivery specified by ITS is an estimate only. Time for delivery shall not be of the essence of the contract and ITS shall not be liable for any loss, costs, damages, charges or expenses caused directly or indirectly by any delay in the delivery of the programme
5.2 All ITS workshops and programmes are recorded via audio and occasionally video. ITS will also record workshops and exerts from certified programmes. ITS reserves the right to use this material for marketing without seeking the delegates’ permission. ITS does not allow the private recording or videoing of an workshops or programmes without prior consent. Any person found recording on a programme or workshop will be asked to delete footage immediately.
5.3 If you have any reason to not be happy with any part of an ITS programme please email info@itsnlp.com
5.4 It maybe necessary, for reasons beyond the control of International Teaching Seminars, to change the venue, dates and/or trainers.
5.5 All programmes are as advertised via the International Teaching Seminars website plus additional marketing materials; we do reserve the right to upgrade the programme venue, use more appropriate trainers and amend the programme in any way to enhance your learning.
5.6 Should International Teaching Seminars change the programme venue, you will receive written confirmation with sufficient notice.
5.7 International Teaching Seminars are not liable for any additional travel and accommodation costs the delegate may incur should the programme dates or venue be altered.
5.8 No time limit to achieving certification. See 3.9
6. CUSTOMER’S OBLIGATIONS
6.1 To enable ITS to perform its obligations under this Agreement the Customer shall:
6.2 co-operate with ITS;
6.3 provide ITS with any information reasonably required;
6.4 In the event that the Customer or any third party, not being a sub-contractor of the ITS shall omit or commit anything which prevents or delays ITS from undertaking or complying with any of its obligations under this Agreement, then ITS shall notify the Customer as soon as possible and:
6.5 ITS shall have no liability in respect of any delay to the completion of any project;
6.6 if applicable, the timetable for the programme will be modified accordingly;
6.7 ITS shall notify the Customer at the same time if it intends to make any claim for additional costs.
7. ALTERATIONS TO THE SPECIFICATION DOCUMENT
7.1 The parties may at any time mutually agree upon and execute new Specification Documents. Any alterations in the scope of the programmes to be provided under this Agreement shall be set out in the Specification Document, which shall reflect the changed goods and/or services and price and any other terms agreed between the parties.
8. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
8.1 Except in respect of death or personal injury due to negligence for which no limit applies, the entire liability of ITS to the Customer in respect of any claim whatsoever or breach of this Agreement, whether or not arising out of negligence, shall be limited to the price paid by the Customer to which the claim relates.
8.2 In no event shall ITS be liable to the Customer for any loss of business, loss of opportunity or loss of profits or for any other indirect or consequential loss or damage whatsoever. This shall apply even where such a loss was reasonably foreseeable or the Supplier had been made aware of the possibility of the Customer incurring such a loss.
8.3 Nothing in these Terms and Conditions shall exclude or limit ITS’s liability for death or personal injury resulting from ITS negligence or that of its employees, agents or sub-contractors.
9. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
All Intellectual Property Rights produced from or arising as a result of the performance of this Agreement shall, so far as not already vested, become the absolute property of ITS, and the Customer shall do all that is reasonable necessary to ensure that such rights vest in ITS by the execution of appropriate instruments or the making of agreements with third parties.
10. INDEPENDENT CONTRACTORS
ITS and the Customer are contractors independent of each other, and neither has the authority to bind the other to any third party or act in any way as the representative of the other, unless otherwise expressly agreed to in writing by both parties. ITS may, in addition to its own employees, engage sub-contractors to provide all or part of the services being provided to the Customer and such engagement shall not relieve ITS of its obligations under this Agreement or any applicable Specification Document.
11. ASSIGNMENT
The Customer shall not be entitled to assign its rights or obligations or delegate its duties under this Agreement without the prior written consent of ITS.
12. WAIVER
The failure by either party to enforce at any time or for any period any one or more of the Terms and Conditions herein shall not be a waiver of them or of the right at anytime subsequently to enforce all Terms and Conditions of this Agreement.
13. NOTICES
Any notice to be given by either party to the other may be served by email, fax. Personal service or by post to the address of the other party given in the Specification Document or such other address as such party may from time to time have communicated to the other in writing, and if sent by email shall unless the contrary is proved be deemed to be received on the day it was sent, if sent by fax shall be deemed to be served on receipt of an error free transmission report, if given by letter shall be deemed to have been served at the time at which the letter was delivered personally or if sent by post shall be deemed to have been delivered in the ordinary course of post.
14. ENTIRE AGREEMENT
This Agreement contains the entire agreement between the parties relating to the subject matter and supersedes any previous agreements, arrangements, undertakings or proposals, oral or written. Unless expressly provided elsewhere in this Agreement, this Agreement may be varied only by a document signed by both parties.
15. NO THIRD PARTIES
Nothing in this Agreement is intended to, nor shall it confer any rights on a third party.
16. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the English law and the parties hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
17. CONTENT; COPYRIGHT AND TRADEMARK NOTICE
All media (downloaded or samples), software, text, images, graphics, user interfaces, music, videos, photographs, trademarks, logos, artwork and other content on the Site (collectively, “Content”), including but not limited to the design, selection, arrangement, and coordination of such Content on the Site is owned or licensed by or to International Teaching Seminars, and is protected by copyright, trade dress, and trademark laws, and various other intellectual property rights laws. Except as expressly provided in this Terms & Conditions, no part of the Site and no Content may be reproduced, recorded, retransmitted, sold, rented, broadcast, distributed, published, uploaded, posted, publicly displayed, altered to make new works, performed, digitized, compiled, translated or transmitted in any way to any other computer, website or other medium or for any commercial purpose, without Internationals Teaching Seminars prior express written consent. Except as expressly provided herein, you are not granted any rights or license to patents, copyrights, trade secrets, rights of publicity or trademarks with respect to any of the Content, and International Teaching Seminars reserves all rights not expressly granted hereunder. International Teaching Seminars expressly disclaims all responsibility and liability for uses by you of any Content obtained on or in connection with the Site.
18. REGISTRATION; CUSTOMER ACCOUNTS; USE OF SITE
Certain services offered on or through the Site require you to first open an Account. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your Account information, including your password, and for all activity that occurs under your account. You agree to notify International Teaching Seminars immediately of any unauthorized use of your account or password, or any other breach of security. You may be held liable for losses incurred by International Teaching Seminars or any other user of the Site due to someone else using your password or customer account. You may not use anyone else’s password or customer account at any time. You may not attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Site. Should you attempt to do so, assist others in making such attempts, or distributing instructions, software or tools for that purpose, then your customer account will be terminated. You agree to provide us with accurate, current and complete information about yourself and your billing information as prompted by the registration process. You may update any of your account information by logging in and selecting the appropriate link. You may not use any automatic device, program, algorithm or methodology, or any similar or equivalent manual process, to access, acquire, copy, probe, test or monitor any portion of the Site or any Content, or in any way reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the Site or any Content, to obtain or attempt to obtain any materials, documents or information through any means not purposely made available through the Site. You agree that you will not take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the infrastructure of the Site or any of the systems or networks comprising or connected to the Site.
You also agree that International Teaching Seminars may, in its sole discretion and without prior notice to you, terminate your access to the Site and your Account for any reason, including without limitation: (1) attempts to gain unauthorized access to the Site or assistance to others’ attempting to do so, (2) overcoming software security features limiting use of or protecting any Content, (3) discontinuance or material modification of the Site or any service offered on or through the Site, (4) violations of these Terms & Conditions, (5) failure to pay for purchases, (6) suspected or actual copyright infringement, (7) unexpected operational difficulties, or (8) requests by law enforcement or other government agencies. You agree that International Teaching Seminars will not be liable to you or to any third party for termination of your access to the Site.
19. CONSENT TO COLLECTION, USE & DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
While International Teaching Seminars takes reasonable steps to safeguard and to prevent unauthorized access to your personal information, we cannot be responsible for the acts of those who gain unauthorized access, and we make no warranty, express, implied, or otherwise, that we will prevent unauthorized access to your private information. IN NO EVENT SHALL INTERNATIONAL TEACHING SEMINARS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES (WHETHER CONSEQUENTIAL, DIRECT, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF, OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH, A THIRD PARTY’S UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH DAMAGES ARE BASED ON CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, TORT OR OTHER THEORIES OF LIABILITY, AND ALSO REGARDLESS OF WHETHER NET EXPOSURE, INC WAS GIVEN ACTUAL OR CONSTRUCTIVE NOTICE THAT DAMAGES WERE POSSIBLE.
20. CONSENT TO OUR COMMUNICATION WITH YOU BY E-MAIL
By establishing an Account with us, and each time you make a purchase through our Site, you grant permission for International Teaching Seminars to contact you at your e-mail address. To stop receiving our marketing emails, send an e-mail to us at info@itsnlp.com.
21. ITS COACHING DIRECTORY
Membership of the ITS Coaching Directory does not guarantee any level of client intake or income.
Where ITS Certification seals are displayed, these are verifications that the Member has trained and been certified to that level by International Teaching Seminars. Any information that is displayed and refers to activity and/or qualifications achieved outside of International Teaching Seminars cannot be verified by ITS.
ITS has the right to suspend a Members listing should an agreed payment not be successfully processed within seven days of the agreed payment date. ITS will endeavour to contact any Member whose payment declines within 48 hours of the initial attempt to put the payment through.
International Teaching Seminars ensures that all their Senior & Associate Coaches commit to operate in accordance with the International Coach Federation (ICF) Code of Ethics. Please click the link below for the full details of the code of ethics:
http://www.coachfederation.org.uk/introducing_icf/icf_code_of_ethics.phtml
International Teaching Seminars is not liable for the practise of the ITS Graduate Coaches or Member Coaches.
International Teaching Seminars is not responsible for the contents or reliability of any other websites to which we provide a link. We cannot guarantee that these links will work at all times and have no control over the availability of the linked pages.
22. AFFILIATE POLICY
Some of the links on this website are affiliate links, which means that if you choose to make a purchase, we will earn a commission at no additional cost to you. Please do not spend any money on any of these resources unless you feel you need them to achieve your goals.
Privacy Policy
1. INTRODUCTION
This privacy notice provides you with details of how we collect and process your personal data through your use of our site www.itsnlp.com
By providing us with your data, you warrant to us that you are over 13 years of age.
International Teaching Seminars Ltd is the data controller and we are responsible for your personal data (referred to as “we”, “us” or “our” in this privacy notice).
Contact Details
Our full details are:
Full name of legal entity: International Teaching Seminars Limited
Email address: info@itsnlp.com
Postal address: ITS House, Suite 2-3, Webster Court, Websters Way, Rayleigh, Essex, SS6 8JQ
It is very important that the information we hold about you is accurate and up to date. Please let us know if at any time your personal information changes by emailing us at info@itsnlp.com.
2. WHAT DATA DO WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU, FOR WHAT PURPOSE AND ON WHAT GROUND WE PROCESS IT
Personal data means any information capable of identifying an individual. It does not include anonymised data.
We may process the following categories of personal data about you:
Communication Data that includes any communication that you send to us whether that be through the contact form on our website, through email, text, social media messaging, social media posting or any other communication that you send us. We process this data for the purposes of communicating with you, for record keeping and for the establishment, pursuance or defence of legal claims. Our lawful ground for this processing is our legitimate interests which in this case are to reply to communications sent to us, to keep records and to establish, pursue or defend legal claims.
Customer Data that includes data relating to any purchases of goods and/or services such as your name, title, billing address, delivery address email address, phone number, contact details, purchase details and your card details. We process this data to supply the goods and/or services you have purchased and to keep records of such transactions. Our lawful ground for this processing is the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps at your request to enter into such a contract.
User Data that includes data about how you use our website and any online services together with any data that you post for publication on our website or through other online services. We process this data to operate our website and ensure relevant content is provided to you, to ensure the security of our website, to maintain back- ups of our website and/or databases and to enable publication and administration of our website, other online services and business. Our lawful ground for this processing is our legitimate interests which in this case are to enable us to properly administer our website and our business.
Technical Data that includes data about your use of our website and online services such as your IP address, your login data, details about your browser, length of visit to pages on our website, page views and navigation paths, details about the number of times you use our website, time zone settings and other technology on the devices you use to access our website. The source of this data is from our analytics tracking system. We process this data to analyse your use of our website and other online services, to administer and protect our business and website, to deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you and to understand the effectiveness of our advertising. Our lawful ground for this processing is our legitimate interests which in this case are to enable us to properly administer our website and our business and to grow our business and to decide our marketing strategy.
Marketing Data that includes data about your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences. We process this data to enable you to partake in our promotions such as competitions, prize draws and free give-aways, to deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you and measure or understand the effectiveness of this advertising. Our lawful ground for this processing is our legitimate interests which in this case are to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them, to grow our business and to decide our marketing strategy.
We may use Customer Data, User Data, Technical Data and Marketing Data to deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you (including Facebook adverts or other display advertisements) and to measure or understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve you. Our lawful ground for this processing is legitimate interests which is to grow our business. We may also use such data to send other marketing communications to you. Our lawful ground for this processing is either consent or legitimate interests (namely to grow our business).
Sensitive Data
We do not collect any Sensitive Data about you. Sensitive data refers to data that includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data. We do not collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
Where we are required to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of the contract between us and you do not provide us with that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract (for example, to deliver goods or services to you). If you don’t provide us with the requested data, we may have to cancel a product or service you have ordered but if we do, we will notify you at the time.
We will only use your personal data for a purpose it was collected for or a reasonably compatible purpose if necessary. For more information on this please email us at info@itsnlp.com. In case we need to use your details for an unrelated new purpose we will let you know and explain the legal grounds for processing.
We may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent where this is required or permitted by law.
We do not carry out automated decision making or any type of automated profiling.
3. HOW WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We may collect data about you by you providing the data directly to us (for example by filling in forms on our site or by sending us emails). We may automatically collect certain data from you as you use our website by using cookies and similar technologies. Please see our cookie policy for more details about this.
We may receive data from third parties such as analytics providers such as Google based outside the EU, advertising networks such as Facebook based outside the EU, such as search information providers such as Google based outside the EU, providers of technical, payment and delivery services, such as data brokers or aggregators.
We may also receive data from publicly availably sources such as Companies House and the Electoral Register based inside the EU.
4. MARKETING COMMUNICATIONS
Our lawful ground of processing your personal data to send you marketing communications is either your consent or our legitimate interests (namely to grow our business).
Under the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations, we may send you marketing communications from us if (i) you made a purchase or asked for information from us about our goods or services or (ii) you agreed to receive marketing communications and in each case you have not opted out of receiving such communications since. Under these regulations, if you are a limited company, we may send you marketing emails without your consent. However you can still opt out of receiving marketing emails from us at any time.
We do not share your personal data with any third party for their own marketing purposes. Please refer to our ‘Independent Contractors’ information and know that they are contracted to adhere to the ITS privacy policy. Should any individual contractor choose to act outside of the ITS policy, then they do so entirely of their own accord and ITS shall not be held liable.
You can ask us to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by emailing us at info@itsnlp.com.
If you opt out of receiving marketing communications this opt-out does not apply to personal data provided as a result of other transactions, such as purchases, warranty registrations etc.
5. DISCLOSURES OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We may have to share your personal data with the parties set out below:
Service providers who provide IT and system administration services.
Professional advisers including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers
Government bodies that require us to report processing activities.
Third parties to whom we sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets.
We require all third parties to whom we transfer your data to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We only allow such third parties to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
6. INTERNATIONAL
Countries outside of the European Economic Area (EEA) do not always offer the same levels of protection to your personal data, so European law has prohibited transfers of personal data outside of the EEA unless the transfer meets certain criteria.
Many of our third parties service providers are based outside the European Economic Area (EEA) so their processing of your personal data will involve a transfer of data outside the EEA.
Whenever we transfer your personal data out of the EEA, we do our best to ensure a similar degree of security of data by ensuring at least one of the following safeguards is in place:
We will only transfer your personal data to countries that the European Commission have approved as providing an adequate level of protection for personal data by; or
Where we use certain service providers, we may use specific contracts or codes of conduct or certification mechanisms approved by the European Commission which give personal data the same protection it has in Europe; or
If we use US-based providers that are part of EU-US Privacy Shield, we may transfer data to them, as they have equivalent safeguards in place.
If none of the above safeguards is available, we may request your explicit consent to the specific transfer. You will have the right to withdraw this consent at any time.
7. DATA SECURITY
We have put in place security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used, altered, disclosed, or accessed without authorisation. We also allow access to your personal data only to those employees and partners who have a business need to know such data. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they must keep it confidential.
We have procedures in place to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach if we are legally required to.
8. DATA RETENTION
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
When deciding what the correct time is to keep the data for we look at its amount, nature and sensitivity, potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure, the processing purposes, if these can be achieved by other means and legal requirements
For tax purposes the law requires us to keep basic information about our customers (including Contact, Identity, Financial and Transaction Data) for six years after they stop being customers.
In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal data for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
9. YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
Under data protection laws you have rights in relation to your personal data that include the right to request access, correction, erasure, restriction, transfer, to object to processing, to portability of data and (where the lawful ground of processing is consent) to withdraw consent.
You can see more about these rights at:
https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr/individual-rights/
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please email us at info@itsnlp.com.
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive or refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you.
If you are not happy with any aspect of how we collect and use your data, you have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues (www.ico.org.uk). We should be grateful if you would contact us first if you do have a complaint so that we can try to resolve it for you.
10. THIRD-PARTY LINKS
This website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit.
11. COOKIES
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this website may become inaccessible or not function properly. For more information about the cookies we use, please see our Cookie Policy.
Cookie Policy
What is a cookie?
A “cookie” is a piece of information that is stored on your computer’s hard drive and which records how you move your way around a website so that, when you revisit that website, it can present tailored options based on the information stored about your last visit. Cookies can also be used to analyse traffic and for advertising and marketing purposes.
Cookies are used by nearly all websites and do not harm your system.
If you want to check or change what types of cookies you accept, this can usually be altered within your browser settings. You can block cookies at any time by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.
How do we use cookies?
We use cookies to track your use of our website. This enables us to understand how you use the site and track any patterns with regards how you are using our website. This helps us to develop and improve our website as well as products and / or services in response to what you might need or want.
Cookies are either:
– Session cookies: these are only stored on your computer during your web session and are automatically deleted when you close your browser – they usually store an anonymous session ID allowing you to browse a website without having to log in to each page but they do not collect any personal data from your computer; or
– Persistent cookies: a persistent cookie is stored as a file on your computer and it remains there when you close your web browser. The cookie can be read by the website that created it when you visit that website again. We use persistent cookies for Google Analytics.
Cookies can also be categorised as follows:
– Strictly necessary cookies: These cookies are essential to enable you to use the website effectively, such as when buying a product and / or service, and therefore cannot be turned off. Without these cookies, the services available to you on our website cannot be provided. These cookies do not gather information about you that could be used for marketing or remembering where you have been on the internet.
– Performance cookies: These cookies enable us to monitor and improve the performance of our website. For example, they allow us to count visits, identify traffic sources and see which parts of the site are most popular.
– Functionality cookies: These cookies allow our website to remember choices you make and provide enhanced features. For instance, we may be able to provide you with news or updates relevant to the services you use. They may also be used to provide services you have requested such as viewing a video or commenting on a blog. The information these cookies collect is usually anonymised.
Please note that third parties who advertise on our website (including, for example, advertising networks and providers of external services like web traffic analysis services) may also use cookies, over which we have no control. These cookies are likely to be analytical/performance cookies or targeting cookies.
Worldpay Accepted
Company Registration Details
Registered Company Name: International Teaching Seminars Ltd
Place of Registration: England and Wales
Company Registration Number: 09821575
Company Registration Address: Office 4, Hill House Farm Station Road, Charfield, Wotton-Under-Edge, Gloucestershire, United Kingdom, GL12 8SY
×
Get in touch
If you have any questions or just want to know a bit more about what we offer you can fill in the contact form below. Someone from our team will be back in touch with you as soon as possible.
Please leave this field empty.
×
Close