http://jha-techspace.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Products
Lab Systems Furniture
Lab & Tech Workbenches
Lab Seating
Height Adjustable Lab Workbenches
Shelving – Wire Rack, Industrial
Carts – Lab, Healthcare, Electronics
Cleanroom Products
Employee Lockers
ESD Products
Lab Hoods – Fume and Laminar Flow
Worksurfaces and Countertops
Gallery
Evolution® – Cantilever
Lab Workstation System – Sample Configurations
Sturdilite® – Modular Casework Sample Configurations
Brochures and Specifications
Contact JHA
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment To Privacy:
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the JHA-Techspace.com website.
The Way We Use Information:
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment To Data Security:
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Third-Party Advertisers:
This website may contain links to third-party advertisers that may employ the use of cookies or web beacons. If you visit one of our advertiser’s websites, please review their specific privacy policy for more information about how they collect your data, if applicable.