https://jmlt.org/home/privacy-policy/
JMLT ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY
John Muir Land Trust (“JMLT”) is committed to protecting your privacy. The information below covers what information is collected on our website and how we use it. If you have questions or concerns, please email us.
Data Collection
JMLT collects personal information voluntarily provided by you for both registration and information purposes such as email address, first and last name, street address, city, state and ZIP/postal code. When making a donation on our site, information such as credit card data is not maintained or kept by JMLT. It is shared solely with the secure merchant service in order to execute an online donation and is not passed through or held by the JMLT website at any time.
Marketing Emails
You will receive confirmation emails when you register for events and activities or sign up to access content or be added to our email newsletter distribution. These emails are sent to notify you that your registration was successful and to provide you with a receipt of your registration.
Once provided, we use your contact information to send you electronic newsletters, marketing or fundraising materials and other information that supports our mission and your interest in open space preservation. You may opt out of solicitation campaigns, or opt out of receiving any email communications from us by following the unsubscribe link provided in our emails.
Sharing Information
We protect the security of your information and we do not share or sell your information to any other organization, except as may be required by law or legal process. We may, from time to time, send you information on behalf of other affiliated or related organizations, but this will be done without providing your information directly to those organizations.
Visiting Our Website
JMLT uses Google Analytics software to track the use and effectiveness of its website. Google Analytics collects and stores information about your use of our site, i.e. what website you link from, how long you stay, what kind of computer you’re using, and your IP address. Google Analytics does not collect your name or email address. Data collected by Google Analytics is anonymous. JMLT uses the aggregated information to improve our website content, navigation, accessibility and the experience visitors have on our jmlt.org. These activities align with the Google Analytics Terms of Service.
Website Cookies
Like many sites, we use cookies and tracking technologies to measure how our visitors use our website. Cookies are files with a small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. These are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Other tracking technologies are also used such as pixels, tags and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our site.
Social Media
By posting comments on our social media sites such as Facebook, Instagram, or Twitter, your comments become public information and may be viewed by others on the same social media pages. Our Site may connect from time to time with these services.
To the extent you interact with social networks or other third-party services (such as “liking” or “sharing” our content or otherwise connecting our Site to a third party service), understand that information collected and stored by third parties through your interaction with them remains subject to their policies and practices. We are not responsible for, and make no representations regarding the policies or business practices of any third-party services and encourage you to familiarize yourself with and consult their privacy policies and terms of use.
Security
All data is stored on secure, firewall-protected servers either at our offices or those of business with whom we have contracted to support our online donation, email outreach, and CRM services. Data is accessible only by authorized staff of JMLT and its contractors. Sensitive data, such as credit card and other financial information, is collected on secure forms and transmitted using industry-standard Secure Socket Layer Encryption (SSL) technology. Credit card information is retained only as long as necessary to complete the donation  of the user.
Privacy policy changes
We may amend this privacy policy from time to time. Your continued use of our website after the date that such notices are posted will be deemed to be your agreement to the changed terms.
Updated August 2020
This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms.
Donate
Follow Us
John Muir Land Trust is a 501 (c)(3) nonprofit organization. EIN: 68-0194652 © 2020 John Muir Land Trust. All rights reserved. Privacy policy
DONATE