http://journals.iucr.org/services/privacy.html
IUCr JournalsCRYSTALLOGRAPHY JOURNALS ONLINE
IUCr
IT
WDC
search IUCr Journals
home
submit
subscribe
open access
menu
home
submit
subscribe
open access
privacy policy
The International Union of Crystallography (IUCr) is committed to protecting the privacy of authors, readers and other users of its web sites. This document sets out how it collects and uses information from these parties.
What information do we collect?
The IUCr only collects personal information to the extent that this is necessary to provide services to authors and readers using its web sites and to provide web statistics.
The types of personal information that we collect from you may include:
Contact details, such as your name, email address, postal address and telephone number
IP address of your computer
Tracking codes such as cookies
Usernames and passwords
Communication preferences
Certain types of information such as date and time of day you visit the site, the IP address of the computer you are using, and the pages visited are collected automatically (and anonymously) by the use of cookies (see below).
Personal information such as your name, email address etc. is only collected when you request certain services from us, for example in submitting an article to us or in purchasing an article; and in these circumstances you provide this information direct to us.
If you participate in the World Directory of Crystallographers (WDC), you can elect whether to include additional personal information such as your year of birth, education, and professional roles and interests in your public WDC entry.
Do we share this information?
The IUCr does not share information it collects from users of its web sites with third parties, except as described below or where we have asked for explicit consent to do so.
When you submit an article to IUCr Journals as an author, we will not disclose your personal data to any third parties, other than for review purposes (e.g. to editors and reviewers, or for plagiarism or validation checking). After acceptance of your article for publication, we may provide details of your article to third parties to help publicise and disseminate your article after publication. In such cases, we will only provide information that will be publicly available in your published article.
Will my information be used for marketing purposes?
Your information will only be used for marketing purposes where you have given explicit consent for us to do so.
Security
We will use reasonable and appropriate security
measures to help protect your personal information from
accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure.
Cookies
Cookies are small text
files that are placed on your computer by web sites that you visit.
They are widely used in order to make web sites work, or work more
efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the
site. Session cookies expire when you close the browser window;
persistent cookies remain on your PC after you close the browser
window.
We use cookies to make your online browsing as easy as possible when visiting our web sites.
We do not use them to store personal information, and we only set
third-party cookies where we have no other option. You can disable
cookies if you wish and still use the web site. We would recommend
against this, however, as you may not be able to use some advanced
features of the site. For a list of cookies used on our web
sites, click here.
Information about how to manage cookies on your PC
is available on the AboutCookies.org
and Information
Commissioner's Office web sites.
How to contact us
If you wish to contact us, for example, to notify us of changes to your personal data, or to ask us whether or not we hold or process any of your personal information, please send an email to support@iucr.org, or write to us at IUCr, 5 Abbey Square, Chester CH1 2HU, England (telephone 44 1244 342878, fax 44 1244 314888). You may also make changes to your details directly while you are logged in to our web sites.
This privacy policy
will be reviewed periodically and the latest version will always
be made available on this page.
Useful links
How we use cookies
Contact us
Subscription and related information
Subscription
policy
Prices and
ordering
Register
Edit
subscription
Usage
reports
Access requirements for subscribers
Multisite and
consortium access
Terms and
conditions of use
Archiving
policy
Open access
Author rights
Copyright policy
Text and data mining
Linking to articles
E-mail alerting (sign up, update your subscription)
Rss feeds
OAI-PMH
ISSNs and CODENs
FAQs
Customer services
Usage data
Customers registered with Wiley Online Library should obtain an additional usage report for accesses made directly through that site.
Follow IUCr JournalsE-alertsTwitterFacebookRSS
Search IUCr Journals
doi
Advanced search
Author
All journals
IUCrJ
Acta Cryst
Acta Cryst A
Acta Cryst B
Acta Cryst C
Acta Cryst D
Acta Cryst E
Acta Cryst F
J Appl Cryst
J Synchrotron Rad
volume
page
Copyright © International
Union of Crystallography
Home
Contact us
Site index
About us
Partners and site credits Help Terms of usePrivacy and cookies
The IUCr is a scientific union serving the interests of
crystallographers and other scientists employing crystallographic
methods.