https://jubileefarm.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Jubilee Farm (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates http://www.jubileefarm.org (the “Site”). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the Site.
Your privacy is important to us. We want you to know that:
We do not sell or rent to anyone the information you have entrusted to us.We do not share your personal information with nonaffiliated companies that want to market their products or services to you.
To help you understand how we protect your personal information, this notice describes our current privacy policy and practices. We here advise you of our privacy policy and practices as required by law.
Information Collection And Use
So that we can provide our products and services to you, we must collect personal information. The type of information we collect depends on the products and services you are interested in. We may collect your name, phone number or email address. We may collect your address or credit card information (if you are purchasing through our store).
Log Data
Like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Site (“Log Data”). This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics. In addition, we may use third party services such as Google Analytics that collect, monitor and analyze this data.
Communications
We may use your Personal Information to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that communicates news and opportunities through our farm.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Like many sites, we use “cookies” to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
We maintain strict control over access to your information. The only employees who are permitted to access your information are those with a business need to know.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of March 24, 2020, and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page. We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy. If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us, or by placing a prominent notice on our website.
Contact Us
You have the right to review personal information we have about you. You also have the right to unsubscribe from our email communications at any time using the unsubscribe button at the bottom of each email.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
Share this:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading...
%d bloggers like this: