https://kep.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
KEP values your privacyThis Privacy Policy of Kessler-Ellis Products (“Kessler-Ellis Products” “KEP” “we” “us” or “our”) outlines how your personally identifiable information and other personal data (your “user information”) will be collected and used in connection with your access to and/or use of KEP.com, KEPmeters.com, KEPdisplays.com, KEPinfilink.com, KEPcm.com (Collectively , the “Sites”) and any content, features, services, or other offerings that KEP may provide in connection therewith. This Privacy Policy also describes your choices and rights regarding the use, access and correction or deletion of your user information. By using the Sites, you consent to the use of your user information in accordance with this Privacy Statement. If you are located in the EU, you will also be asked to provide clear and unequivocal affirmative consent to the collection, processing, and sharing of your user information via cookies and similar technologies. The Sites are owned and operated by Kessler-Ellis Products.Notice to EU Individuals: this Privacy Policy and its enumerated policies are intended to comply with Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 (the “General Data Protection Regulation” or “GDPR”) and provide appropriate protection and care with respect to the treatment of your user information in accordance with the GDPR.Who we areKessler-Ellis Products Co. Inc.Our website addresses are:https://kep.comhttps://kepmeters.comhttps://kepdisplays.comhttps://kepinfilink.comhttps://kepcm.comWhat personal data we collect and why we collect itInformation CollectedWhen you use the Sites, your user information may be collected and used in a variety of manners. As detailed below, the type of user information collected may vary based on how it was gathered, but may include, among other things, your name, email address, and other information that you voluntarily submit (e.g., when setting up an account or submitting a registration or application on the Site, you may submit your contact information, social media account handles, and/or professional information), information automatically collected about your usage of the Site (e.g., the content that you choose to view), and information about you that our third party partners may share with us if such third party partners have previously received your consent to do so. CommentsIn general our comments sections are disabled, however some comment sections are enabled on dynamically generated pages.  When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.MediaIf you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.Contact formsKEP may collect user information that is voluntarily provided by you or with your permission. For example, we may ask you for information, such as your e-mail address, when you register to become a member of the Sites. In the event you order something from the Sites, we may request additional personal information, such as your address, telephone number and credit card information, in order to complete the purchase. You always have the option not to provide the information we request. If you choose not to provide the information we request, you can still visit most of the Sites, but you may be unable to access certain options and services. When you register or become a member of the Sites or provide information to KEP in any other manner, you agree to provide only true, accurate, current and complete information.CookiesA cookie is a small data file that is written to your computer’s hard drive by your web browser. A cookie file can contain and/or automatically collect information, such as a user identification code or IP address, that a website will use to track the pages and number of times you have visited. We store your email address in a cookie for this purpose.  The cookie will expire in one year.  The data read from this cookie may be linked to personally identifying (PII) and non-personally identifying (non-PII) information.If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.Embedded content from other websitesArticles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.AnalyticsWe may use the information that you provide and the information we collect automatically about your use of the McCrometer Sites to monitor user traffic patterns and preferences for site improvement, analytics and optimization. Credit Card ProcessingKEP has taken steps to protect sensitive information related to your order. Credit card processing is handled exclusively and securely by Stripe (https://stripe.com/), a well respected online payment processing center. Absolutely no payment information submitted is stored anywhere within our business or websites, in any form. Who we share your data withWe do not share your Personal Data with third parties. We do not sell or rent Personal Data to third parties for their own marketing purposes.How long we retain your dataIf you fill out our registration form your email address will be stored in a cookie and the cookie will expire in one year. If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can request to see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.What rights you have over your dataIf you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.You can request this information by using the “Contact Us” form located in the footer of each web page or by emailing us at privacy@kep.com. You may also send a letter to the following address:Kessler-Ellis ProductsAttn: Privacy10 Industrial Way EastEatontown, NJ 07724Where we send your dataVisitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
PHONE NUMBER UPDATEOur NEW phone numbers are:TOLL FREE800-631-2165 PHONE732-649-7100FAX732-649-7099