https://kinesis.co.uk/privacy-policy
This website requires cookies to provide all of its features. For more information on what data is contained in the cookies, please see our Privacy Policy page. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
Continue
Privacy Policy
ALERT! Click here
to be redirected to your correct website
+44 (0)1480 212 122
Contact Us
Kinesis Australia Pty
Kinesis GmbH (Deutschland)
Kinesis Inc. (USA)
Kinesis Ltd. (UK)
Don't have an account? Register today
Home
>
Privacy Policy
Privacy & Cookie Policies
The following provides detail about our Privacy Policy. Kinesis Ltd, treats your privacy seriously. In general, we use the personal information that we collect from you to identify personal preferences and match your needs with relevant products, and process any orders that you may make through our web site.
Consent
Your use of this web site signifies your consent to us collecting and using personal information about you as specified below in accordance with this Policy. Should we choose to change our Policy for any reason, the changes will be posted here, so that you are always kept informed of how we collect and use your personal information, and when we may disclose it. However, to be on the safe side, we suggest that you read this document each time you use the website to ensure that it still meets with your approval.
How do we collect information about you and how is it used?
You may provide personal information when communicating with us.
You may order a product or a service and give your name, email address, delivery address, credit or debit card number and expiry date so that the order can be processed and your products (or services where appropriate) delivered to you. Sometimes you may be asked for your telephone number.
If you enter a competition or promotion we will ask for your name, address and email address.
We will collect information about your tastes and preferences both when you tell us what these are and by analysis of customer traffic, including by using cookies.
It may be that some of the personal information you give us (for instance about your lifestyle or health) is sensitive personal data within the meaning of the Data Protection Act 1998. Any such information (“sensitive information”) will only be dealt with as described below.
It may be that you provide to us details of credit or debit cards or bank accounts in order to make payments to us. Any such information (“confidential financial information”) will be dealt with as described below.
We may use personal information collected about you to personalise your visits to our web site and recommend goods or services to you. We also use the information to help us develop the design and layout of our web site to ensure that our sites are as useful and enjoyable as possible.
We may use personal information collected about you to let you know about functionality changes to our web site or changes to our terms and conditions of use.
Traffic data
We may provide aggregate statistics about our sales, customers, traffic patterns and other site information to third parties, but these statistics will not include any information that could personally identify you.
What types of communications can you expect to receive from us?
By submitting your email address, you are consenting to receive the particular piece of information you requested, as well as allowing us to send you appropriate and useful communications. This includes, but is not limited to, newsletters, product or company news, promotional offers, invitations to events and webinars and links to our latest assets (infographics, brochures, videos, etc…). You can unsubscribe from these communications at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in any email you receive from us. The link will always be at the footer of the email.
What are cookies? How does www.kinesis.co.uk use cookies on its site?
A cookie is a small data file that Web sites often store on your computer’s hard drive when you visit their sites. A cookie may contain information (such as a unique user ID), that is used to track the pages of the sites you’ve visited.
We use the following cookies:
Essential cookies: These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to submit a form, login, add an item to your shopping basket or interact with the site by doing something that goes beyond clicking on simple links.
Analytical cookies: They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Marketing cookies: These are used to recognise you when you return to our website. This enables us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences. These cookies also record your visit to our website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our website, the advertising displayed on it and communications sent more relevant to your interests. If you have not saved your information with or ordered from us, we may monitor and maintain information about your use of our web site in a manner that does not identify you. In either case, this information helps us serve you better by improving our site design, as well as our products, services, contests, and promotions.
If you’re not happy with this, we won’t set these cookies but some nice features of the site may be unavailable. By using your browser controls, you are always in control of the cookies we store and access on your computer. You can read more about how to disable cookies in the Help menu of your browser. More information on how to control cookies and limit personal data processing can be found at: www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/five-top-tips. If you turn off cookies, though, you will not be able to use our online shop. Nor will we be able to recognize you as a known, signed up user to allow you access to your account information.
By continuing to use this site, you are accepting our use of these cookies that make advertising and communications more relevant to you and your interests and further help us to improve our site.
Other disclosures
We do not disclose any personal information obtained about you from this website to third parties except when we need to do so to complete any transaction – for example, when arranging for a courier company to deliver goods that you have ordered. Kinesis Ltd. reserves the right to access and disclose individually identifiable information to comply with applicable laws and lawful government requests, to operate its systems properly or to protect itself or its users.
How do we protect your information?
Kinesis Ltd. have strict security procedures covering the storage and disclosure of your information to prevent unauthorized access and to comply with the Data Protection Act 1998. This means that sometimes we may ask you for proof of identity before disclosing any personal information to you.
Certificate Downloads
» Kinesis.co.uk PCI DSS Certificate of Validation
» Kinesis Ltd. Data Protection Registration Certificate and Entry Details
Changes to this Policy
Any changes to our Privacy Policy will be placed here and will supersede this version of our Policy. We will take reasonable steps to draw your attention to any changes in our Policy. However, to be on the safe side, we suggest that you read this document each time you use the website to ensure that it still meets with your approval.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, or if you want to know what information we have collected about you, please email us at info@kinesis-group.com. You can also correct any factual errors in that information or require us to remove your details from any list under our control.
Complaints
Details of our complaints procedure can be found here »
Contact info
Cole-Parmer Instrument Company Ltd.
9 Orion Court, Ambuscade Road,
Colmworth Business Park, St. Neots,
Cambridgeshire.
PE19 8YX
U.K.
Registered Address: 3rd Floor, 1 Ashley Road, Altrincham, Cheshire. WA14 2DT U.K.
Company number: 03214518
VAT Number: 680953016
Tel: +44 (0)1480 212122
sales@kinesis.co.uk
Quick Links
Home
Pipette Servicing
Instrument Servicing
All Products
Website Registration
Knowledge Base
Checkout
Careers
Contact
Keep Updated
To receive newsletters and pricing deals
Sign Up for Our Newsletter:
Sign Up!
Follow Us
©
Kinesis Ltd. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Complaints Procedure
Trademarks