https://kybees.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Home » Privacy Policy
Who we are
Our website addresses are:
https://kybees.org
https://ksbabeekeeping.org
https://ckyhp.com
https://kycertifiedhoney.com
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help detect and eliminate spam.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact Forms
When you use our contact form we collect your name, email address, subject and message. Please do not provide any information such as login, password, or personally sensitive information.  Information you provide may be sent by us to a third party for support purposes only.  We will not use the information for marketing purposes.
Buy Local Registration
When you register for the Buy Local program we ask for your name, your business name and address, beekeeper related organization you may be a member, and products or services you offer to the public.  By providing this information you agree to make this information public through our website.
Local Beekeepers Association Registration
When you register as a local beekeepers organization we ask for names, mailing and meeting address, meeting schedule, and organization officers name and contact information.  By providing this information you agree to make this information public through our directory.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist until they expire or you delete them from your browser. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited.
Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to your website or other websites.
Google’s use of advertising cookies enables it and its partners to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and/or other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of personalized advertising by visiting Ads Settings.
Other 3rd Party Software
We use one or more software components from 3rd party manufacturers to build and operate this website.  We do not share your information with these manufacturers except where explicitly stated in this privacy policy.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Who we share your data with
If you opt-in for news articles and information via email we may share your email address with 3rd party email distribution providers.  We currently share information with Mailchimp and Google. Please read and understand the Mailchimp privacy policy for contacts and the Google Privacy and Terms.  We use Mailchimp for the purpose of distributing information you opted in to receive.  You can opt out of Mailchimp distribution at any time.  You may unsubscribe from Google distribution list at any time.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website, we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
How We Protect Your Information
Your account and associated information is important to us and we use various means to protect it from unauthorized disclosure and use.
Data In Transit
All information passed between your browser and our website is securely encrypted using standard Transport Layer Security (TLS).  It is not transmitted in clear text.
Data At Rest
Information you provide to us is stored in secure databases using encryption.  Theft of our databases will not result in unauthorized disclosure because your data is encrypted.
Auditing and Logging
Every transaction between you and our systems are logged and stored using private encryption.  In the event of a security breach we will perform forensic analysis to identify the event and stop the attacker.
Malicious Attacks
We monitor authentication attempts to identify password guessing and other brute force denial of service attacks.  When login attempts exceed a threshold we block any further attempts for a time and alert administrators of the issue.
If the website is not responding to your computer or smart device try accessing from a different device on a different network.  The blocked device will automatically be unblocked after a few hours.
Recent News
Marketing Considerations for Kentucky Beekeepers
December 2020 BeeLines Newsletter
Holiday Gifts from Certified Kentucky Honey Producers
Bee Health Collective by Project Apis m. and National Honey Board
2020 Beekeeper of the Year
Topics of InterestTopics of Interest
Select Category
Announcements
Archives
Articles
Awards and Contests
BeeLines Newsletter
Conferences
Industry News
KSBA announcements
KSBA polls
KY Certified Honey Label
Mailchimp News
Meetings
Minutes
Other news
Recent Announcements
Research
Disease
Resources
Schools and Workshops
Administrative
Register Log in
Entries feed
Comments feed
WordPress.org
HelpLogin and Passwords
Post navigation
Next post
Map of Local Beekeeping Organizations