https://labec.com.au/privacy/
You are currently using an outdated browser. For the best viewing experience, please upgrade your browser here.
Please fill out the form below:
Please leave this field empty.
Name
Email
Phone
Message
Send
Contact Us
Privacy
Privacy Policy
Laboratory Equipment Pty Ltd (“Labec”) respects your privacy. Whether you are buying one of Laboratory Equipment Pty Ltd (“Labec”) quality products, or just browsing the Laboratory Equipment Pty Ltd (“Labec”) Site, Laboratory Equipment Pty Ltd (“Labec”) wants to make you comfortable with our privacy policy and the security measures that we take to protect your personal information. If you give Laboratory Equipment Pty Ltd (“Labec”) personal information Laboratory Equipment Pty Ltd (“Labec”) will treat it according to this policy. Laboratory Equipment Pty Ltd (“Labec”) encourages you to read this privacy policy.
Consent To Policy & Updates to Policy
By using Laboratory Equipment Pty Ltd (“Labec”) Site, you consent to the collection and use of your information by Laboratory Equipment Pty Ltd (“Labec”) as set forth in the policy below. Laboratory Equipment Pty Ltd (“Labec”) reserves the unilateral right to update, modify, change and alter its privacy policy. All such updates, modifications, changes and alterations are binding on all users and browsers of the Laboratory Equipment Pty Ltd (“Labec”) Site and will be posted here.
Types and Uses of Personal Information
Laboratory Equipment Pty Ltd (“Labec”) collects personally identifiable information, including name, title, company, address, e-mail address, phone numbers, etc. When a visitor to a Laboratory Equipment Pty Ltd (“Labec”) site registers to become a “registered user”. Laboratory Equipment Pty Ltd (“Labec”) does not require this information to obtain access to any part of the Site that is open to the public.
Third Parties
Authorised third parties may need access to some of your personal information. For example, if Laboratory Equipment Pty Ltd (“Labec”) needs to ship a product to you, Laboratory Equipment Pty Ltd (“Labec”) must share your name and address with a shipping company. Laboratory Equipment Pty Ltd (“Labec”) limits such third parties in their access and use of your personal information. Laboratory Equipment Pty Ltd (“Labec”) does not otherwise share your personal information with third parties, unless you grant Laboratory Equipment Pty Ltd (“Labec”) permission to do so.
Accessing and Updating Personal Information for Registered Users
Laboratory Equipment Pty Ltd (“Labec”) needs your help to ensure that the personal information you provide to Laboratory Equipment Pty Ltd (“Labec”) is correct and up-to-date. You should immediately notify Laboratory Equipment Pty Ltd (“Labec”) of any changes to your name, address, company, phone number, or email address to enable us to make changes to your registered user profile.
How Laboratory Equipment Pty Ltd (“Labec”) Internet use cookies
Laboratory Equipment Pty Ltd (“Labec”) is aware of its responsibility to society in general and to our individual customers and web site visitors in particular.
We respect the privacy of personal data and the concerns that visitors may have about the use of their data. In those cases where we collect and use personal data (name, address, contact information), we apply the very best practices such as double opt-in etc.
With respect to cookies (cookies are small text files, which enhance the user experience on a web site, by allowing the system to recognise returning visitors etc. (see link) Laboratory Equipment Pty Ltd (“Labec”) only uses so-called first-party cookies which are cookies created and utilised by Labec.
Third-party cookies (cookies that are created, managed and analysed by a separate entity, possibly providing some service to the organisation hosting the web site) are not used by Labec.
Laboratory Equipment Ltd (“Labec”) does not share cookie data – or related user behaviour – with any third party.
The cookies currently in use by Laboratory Equipment Pty Ltd (“Labec”) on this website:
Webtrends and Google analytics: Tracking how a visitor moves around and make use of the website – but not intrusive for the visitors’ privacy
ASP.Net Session Cookie: Functionality purpose
ASP.Net Profile Cookie: Functionality purpose (My Product List)
Compass Cookie: Functionality purpose (Internal use only)
ecom login: Functionality purpose (login for Laboratory Equipment Pty Ltd (“Labec”) eCommerce)
If you want to make use of Laboratory Equipment Pty Ltd (“Labec”) Internet and cannot accept the use of these cookies, we will ask you to deactivate the use of cookies within your browser settings.
How to do this – so-called – opt-out you can use the information on one of these websites:
http://www.2privacy.com/www/enable-cookies-disable/disable-cookies.html
http://www.wikihow.com/Disable-Cookies
Other relevant links for your information:
Cookie definition – 1st and 3rd party:
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTTP_cookie
http://www.ehow.com/info_8087985_definition-tracking-cookies.html
Laboratory Equipment Pty Ltd (“Labec”) CSR: http://www.labec.com.au/aboutus
Accessing and Updating Personal Information for Registered Users
Laboratory Equipment Pty Ltd (“Labec”) needs your help to ensure that the personal information you provide to Laboratory Equipment Pty Ltd (“Labec”) is correct and up-to-date. You should immediately notify Laboratory Equipment Pty Ltd (“Labec”) of any changes to your name, address, company, phone number, or email address to enable us to make changes to your registered user profile.