https://labsmith.com/terms-and-conditions/
925 292 5161
info@labsmith.com
Contact
My Account
Sign in or Create an Account
Shopping Cart
Request a Quote
LabSmith |
Innovative Products for Experimental Research
About
About Labsmith
Partners
Distributors
Careers
Products
Timing & Synchronization
LabSmith's timing and synchronization products employ logic-based signal routing, real-world feedback and unique timing modes to help you precisely synchronize even the most complex test setups.
LC220 2-Channel
LC880 8-Channel
TT1680 16-Channel
High Voltage Control
HVS448 High Voltage Sequencers
8 programmable channels to 8000V.
New! uEP300-12 Power Supply
12 channels, 300V for electrophoresis.
uEP01 300V Power Module
Single channel, programmable 300V supply for electrophoretic setups.
Microscopes
SVM340 Synchronized Video Microscope and Accessories
A research-grade, inverted fluorescence video microscope with a synchronously pulsed illuminator and powerful video analysis software for microfluidics and microbiology.
Microfluidic Flow & Automation
uProcess Automated Pumps, Valves & Sensors
CapTite Microfluidic Components
Microfluidic Kits
Microfluidic Chips
Tubing and Capillary
Tools & Supplies
Packages & Kits
LabPackage Micro- and Nano-Fluidic Work Station
Complete system for micro- and nano-fluidics experimentation, from controlling fluid flow and electric fields to reliably capturing and imaging transient phenomena.
Applications
Support
uProcess Microfluidic Automation
Logic Controllers
HVS448 High Voltage Sequencer
SVM340 Synchronized Video Microscope
Microfluidic Fluid Control & Connectors
News
Terms and Conditions
Welcome to our website. If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern LabSmith’s relationship with you in relation to this website. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use our website.
The term LabSmith or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to the owner of the website whose registered office is 5981 Graham Court, Livermore CA 94550. The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
All trade marks reproduced in this website which are not the property of, or licensed to, the operator are acknowledged on the website.
Unauthorized use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
From time to time this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of the United States.
Our privacy policy sets out how LabSmith uses and protects any information that you give LabSmith when you use this website.
Connect
Contact Us
925 292 5161
info@labsmith.com
News
Check to receive LabSmith news
Share
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Shipping Terms
Warranty, Repairs & Returns
Copyright © 2020 LabSmith, Inc.