https://labsmith.com/privacy-policy/
925 292 5161
info@labsmith.com
Contact
My Account
Sign in or Create an Account
Shopping Cart
Request a Quote
LabSmith |
Innovative Products for Experimental Research
About
About Labsmith
Partners
Distributors
Careers
Products
Timing & Synchronization
LabSmith's timing and synchronization products employ logic-based signal routing, real-world feedback and unique timing modes to help you precisely synchronize even the most complex test setups.
LC220 2-Channel
LC880 8-Channel
TT1680 16-Channel
High Voltage Control
HVS448 High Voltage Sequencers
8 programmable channels to 8000V.
New! uEP300-12 Power Supply
12 channels, 300V for electrophoresis.
uEP01 300V Power Module
Single channel, programmable 300V supply for electrophoretic setups.
Microscopes
SVM340 Synchronized Video Microscope and Accessories
A research-grade, inverted fluorescence video microscope with a synchronously pulsed illuminator and powerful video analysis software for microfluidics and microbiology.
Microfluidic Flow & Automation
uProcess Automated Pumps, Valves & Sensors
CapTite Microfluidic Components
Microfluidic Kits
Microfluidic Chips
Tubing and Capillary
Tools & Supplies
Packages & Kits
LabPackage Micro- and Nano-Fluidic Work Station
Complete system for micro- and nano-fluidics experimentation, from controlling fluid flow and electric fields to reliably capturing and imaging transient phenomena.
Applications
Support
uProcess Microfluidic Automation
Logic Controllers
HVS448 High Voltage Sequencer
SVM340 Synchronized Video Microscope
Microfluidic Fluid Control & Connectors
News
LabSmith Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how LabSmith, Inc. uses and protects any information that you give LabSmith, Inc. when you use this website.
LabSmith, Inc. is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
LabSmith, Inc. may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from August 3, 2012.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name and job title
contact information including email address and phone number
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
marketing information such as how you heard of LabSmith, Inc.
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may use the information to respond to your questions or requests.
We may use phone or fax information if electronic information requested from LabSmith or sent by LabSmith to ensure optimal product operation bounces.
We may periodically send emails to our customers regarding software upgrades, product changes or improvements
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customize the website according to your interests.
From time to time we may use your information to contact you about your application if we have another customer interested in your application.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at info@labsmith.com
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
Connect
Contact Us
925 292 5161
info@labsmith.com
News
Check to receive LabSmith news
Share
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Shipping Terms
Warranty, Repairs & Returns
Copyright © 2020 LabSmith, Inc.