https://labtemps.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyOne of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors.
Privacy Policy for LabTemps, Inc.
At LabTemps Scientific Staffing, accessible from https://labtemps.com, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by LabTemps, Inc and how we use it. If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us through email:  [email protected].
Log Files
LabTemps, Inc follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit websites. All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services’ analytics. The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. The purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movement on the website, and gathering demographic information.
Cookies and Web Beacons
Like any other website, LabTemps, Inc uses ‘cookies’. These cookies are used to store information including visitors’ preferences, and the pages on the website that the visitor accessed or visited. The information is used to optimize the users’ experience by customizing our web page content based on visitors’ browser type and/or other information.
Privacy Policies
You may consult this list to find the Privacy Policy for each of the advertising partners of LabTemps, Inc. Our Privacy Policy was created with the help of the Privacy Policy Generator.
Third-party ad servers or ad networks uses technologies like cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons that are used in their respective advertisements and links that appear on LabTemps, Inc, which are sent directly to users’ browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. These technologies are used to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on websites that you visit.
Note that LabTemps, Inc has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
Third-Party Privacy Policies
LabTemps, Inc’s Privacy Policy does not apply to other advertisers or websites. Thus, we are advising you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information. It may include their practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options. You may find a complete list of these Privacy Policies and their links here: Privacy Policy Links.
You can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options. To know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers, it can be found at the browsers’ respective websites. What Are Cookies?
Embedded Content From Other Websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Children’s Information
Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.
LabTemps, Inc does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This Privacy Policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in LabTemps, Inc. This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.
How Long We Retain Your Data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What Rights You Have Over Your Data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where We Send Your Data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Consent
By using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its Terms and Conditions.
Seeking the right talent to help your growing business?
Request Talent
Learn More
Looking for new opportunities to help develop your career?
See Available Jobs
Submit your Resume
Home
Services
About Us
Contact Us
Menu
Home
Services
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Cookies Policy
Menu
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Cookies Policy
Follow Us!
©2020 LabTemps, Inc, a division of Messina Group, Inc. All rights reserved.
Contact Us