https://lakesaquarium.co.uk/legal-info/
Skip to content
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SITE
Lakes Aquarium Full Legal Statement regarding the Reopening & Operation of the Attraction during Covid-19
We have been intensively preparing for a re-opening of the Attraction in close cooperation with the authorities. Health and safety of our staff and visitors has always been our highest priority. It is our goal that you continue to feel safe and comfortable when visiting us.
We have conducted a Covid Secure Risk Assessment and implemented measures to reduce the risk of transmission. We have implemented government guidelines regarding the reopening of Aquariums and the recommendations of the British and Irish Association of Zoos and Aquariums (BIAZA) who have worked closely with UK Government and DEFRA to publish guidelines for opening zoos and aquariums under Covid-19 Restrictions.
The Attraction will begin to reopen in a way that incorporates enhanced health and safety measures, including increased cleaning procedures, the use of appropriate protection equipment by both employees, limited-contact guest services and additional health and safety training for employees.
There will also be multiple hand washing points and hand sanitizer stations throughout the Attraction and visitors must use them regularly and as directed. As we continue to monitor conditions, and with the health of visitors and staff at the forefront of our planning, we may adapt or change the operational measures with the aim of a constant enhancement of visitor and staff health. The Attraction will have limitations on overall attendance, exhibit and attraction capacity, parking and attraction use.
Notwithstanding these measures, there remains an inherent risk of exposure in any public place where people are present which cannot be entirely eliminated.  Covid-19 is a contagious disease that can lead to severe illness and death. Consequently, it is imperative that all those visiting the Attraction behave responsibly and respect the measures that we have put in place. Please do not visit the Attraction if you are experiencing symptoms of Covid19 or have any underlying health conditions or are otherwise vulnerable in any way that may put you at risk. In the absence of any negligence or breach of duty by us, visiting Lakes Aquarium is entirely at your risk.
IMPORTANT: Here’s what to know before you go. Please read.
Based on the additional measures and procedures, we ask for visitors’ understanding of and compliance with the following requirements*:
We kindly request that you ensure you are in good health condition before visiting the Attraction. Visitors who have been in contact with a person infected with Covid-19 in the last 14 days or show symptoms of Covid-19, or have been identified by track and trace, must postpone their visit to the Attraction and follow latest UK Government regulations regarding self-isolation. We recommend you do not to visit the Attraction if you or anyone who lives with you is in the high risk or vulnerable category.
Groups of visitors will be restricted to a maximum of six individuals. If the group is not all from the same household or support bubble, they must comply with the social distancing requirements relating to meeting others outside.
Online purchase of entry tickets and reservations for existing ticket holders, members and loyalty pass holders in advance will be the primary method for accessing the Attraction. On site sales will be limited and subject to availability.
Visitors purchasing a ticket online (subject to availability) and reserving an arrival timeslot online will be required to show a valid ticket and arrival reservation for the date and time of visit upon arrival.
Annual Pass and Loyalty Pass holders will be required to book their visit and arrival time slot in advance online subject to availability. They will be required to show their valid pass and valid arrival time slot reservation to access the Attraction.
Third party ticket holders, and holders of open tickets will be required to book their visit and arrival time slot in advance online subject to availability. They will be required to show their valid ticket/voucher and valid arrival time slot reservation to access the Attraction.
Some areas of the Attraction will be closed. Please see below for a full list of these.
Tickets are valid for one visit of a maximum of one and a half hours from the commencement of your arrival timeslot. Your reservation arrival time slot is 30 minutes at the times stated on your reservation. Late comers will not be admitted and no refunds will be given.
There is no re-admittance once exiting the attraction.
Combined tickets with a Windermere Lake Cruise or Lakeside and Haverthwaite Railway are not currently available. Please visit the individual website to book tickets direct with them.
IMPORTANT: Attraction Operational Changes: Areas Closed. Please Read.
Our primary concern is your safety. In order to comply with public health regulations and recommendations, the following areas and facilities will remain closed. Please read the facility closures information below before buying your tickets. By purchasing tickets and reserving a arrival time slot you acknowledge and accept the closure of the areas mentioned below and updated when relevant.
There will be no talks, feeding presentations, shows or animal experiences.
There will be no education programs, group visits, tours and keeper experiences available initially.
Interactive exhibits, games and machines will not be available at this time.
There will be no location to store Pushchairs. Please do not bring them or keep them with you if you require them. Pushchairs left unattended will have to be removed so we can maintain a safe environment
Wheelchair hire is not available at this time.
There will be no price reductions or refunds in respect of any non-available elements of Lakes Aquarium’s offer. All of Lakes Aquarium’s animal collection will still be available to view.
IMPORTANT: Here’s what to know upon arrival and during your visit to the Attraction. Please read.
It is mandatory to wear a face covering inside the attraction unless you declare that you have a government listed exemption. Please ensure you bring a face covering with you on your visit or you can purchase one from us. You may be refused admission if you attempt to visit the Lakes Aquarium without a face covering and don’t declare an exemption.
Card payments will be the preferred payment method available and we strongly encourage contactless payment for all purchases up to £45.
It is mandatory to use disinfection and sanitation products before entering the Attraction and at regular intervals during your visit. Hand sanitizers and hand washing facilities will be available throughout the Attraction and be clearly identifiable along with instructions on the correct use.
Please pay attention to the social distance rule and keep, at least, 2m or 1m where 2m is not possible from other visitors who are not part of your household or support bubble throughout your stay. We have reduced our capacity and installed one way systems so there is enough space for all visitors to keep the mandatory minimum social distance but there is an obvious personal responsibility in doing so which we ask you to strictly follow. You will find clear information and floor markers will be available. Busy areas in the Attraction may have additional social distancing regulations in place.
One way routes have been installed throughout the attraction to maintain social distancing and you must follow them where indicated.
You may be required to queue for a while to access the Attraction initially and some popular exhibits and attractions where we need to limit capacity. Please follow all queue management systems and adhere to staff instructions.
Should you feel unwell during your visit, with symptoms compatible with Covid-19, please avoid contact with other visitors and seek immediate medical attention.
Always carry tissues and use them to catch any cough or sneeze. Please dispose of the tissue immediately in one of our waste bins and clean your hands as soon as possible thereafter. If you do not have a tissue available please sneeze or cough into your elbow.
Please respect in all instances, instructions from Attraction personnel and obey all written and oral warnings. Visitors who do not comply with these rules may be ejected from the Attraction without refund. We will not tolerate and verbal or physical abuse to our staff members or other visitors.
Catering outlets will have reduced capacity and menu and may offer takeaway only in some circumstances.
Given this unprecedented situation, we appreciate everyone’s patience and understanding as we navigate through this process as responsibly as we can.
Terms of website use
These terms of use tell you the terms of use on which you may make use of this website http://www.lakesaquaium.co.uk (the site). Use of the site may include, but is not limited to, accessing or browsing the site or purchasing tickets for entry to Lakes Aquarium, Lakeside in Cumbria.
Please read these terms of use carefully before you start to use the site, as these will apply to your use of the site. By using the site, you confirm that you accept these terms of use and that you agree to comply with them.
If you do not agree to these terms of use, you must not use the site.
Other Applicable Terms
These terms of use refer to the following additional terms, which also apply to your use of the site:
Privacy Policy as found at Schedule 1 to these terms, which sets out the terms on which RLL processes any personal data it collects from you, or that you provide to it.
Acceptable Use Policy as found at Schedule 2 to these terms, which sets out the permitted uses and prohibited uses of the site.
Cookie Policy as found at Schedule 3 to these terms, which sets out which types of cookies enabled on the site and the reasons for using them.
Information about the Site Operator
The site is operated by The Real Live Leisure Company Limited (RLL), a limited company incorporated in England and Wales with company number 03446630 whose registered office is at Oceanarium, Pier Approach, Bournemouth, Dorset, BH2 5AA.  RLL’s VAT number is 913 0554 54. To contact RLL please email; info@lakesaquarium.co.uk.
The site is intended as a general information service and ticket sales site only and nothing on the site nor in any other communication from RLL is intended to be or should be construed as an invitation or inducement (direct or indirect) to any person or organisation to take, or refrain from taking, any action without first obtaining the necessary professional or specialist advice.
Changes to these terms
RLL may revise these terms of use at any time by amending this page.
Please check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes RLL makes, as they are binding on you and your use of the site.
Changes to the site
RLL may update and change the site and its content at any time. However, please note that any of the content on the site may be out of date, and RLL are under no obligation to update the site or its content.
RLL does not guarantee that the site, or any content on it, will be free from errors or omissions.
Accessing the site
RLL does not guarantee that the site, or any content on it, will always be available or be uninterrupted. RLL may suspend, withdraw, discontinue or change all or any part of the site without notice. RLL will not be liable to you if for any reason the site is unavailable at any time or for any period.
You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to the site.
Intellectual property rights
Unless otherwise stated, RLL is the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in the site, and in the material published on it.  Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved.
You may print off one copy, and may download extracts, of any page(s) from the site for your personal use and you may draw the attention of others to content posted on the site.  You must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way. RLL (and the identity of any credited contributors or authors of third party content on the site) must always be acknowledged.
You must not use any part of the content on the site for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from RLL or its licensors.
If you print off, copy or download any part of the site in breach of these terms of use, your right to use the site will cease immediately and you must, at RLL’s option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made.
No reliance on information
The content on the site is provided for general information and guidance only. It is not intended to amount to advice or information upon which you should rely. You must obtain professional or specialist advice before taking, or refraining from taking, any action on the basis of the content on the site.
Although RLL makes every reasonable effort to update and ensure the accuracy of the information on the site, the site is provided on an “as is” basis and RLL make no representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, that the content on the site is accurate, complete or up-to-date and accepts no liability for any errors, misprints or omissions (whether negligent or otherwise).
No information contained on the site or in any other communication from RLL, including but not limited to any brochure, email or promotional material produced by RLL, constitutes or forms part of any contract between you and RLL, other than the ticket terms and conditions which you will be required to agree to and accept when purchasing tickets using the site.
The site may include information and materials uploaded by other users of the site, including but not limited to reviews of Lakes Aquarium. This information will not have not been verified or approved by RLL. The views expressed by other users on the site via such third party content do not represent RLL’s views or values.  If you wish to complain about information and materials uploaded by other users please contact RLL at info@lakesaquarium.co.uk.
Any links on the site to other websites and resources provided by third parties are provided for information only and should not be interpreted as endorsement by RLL of those linked websites or resources. RLL has no control over the contents of those websites or resources and RLL does not accept any liability or responsibility for any loss or damage that may arise from use of them.
Uploading Content to the site
Whenever you make use of a feature that allows you to upload content to the site, for example by way of product review, you must comply with the content standards set out in the Acceptable Use Policy.
You warrant that any such content complies with the Acceptable Use Policy, all applicable laws and does not breach the intellectual property rights of any third party. You will be liable to RLL and indemnify it for any breach of this warranty. This means you will be responsible for any loss or damage RLL suffers as a result of your breach of warranty, including but not limited to breach of a third parties’ intellectual property rights via the content that you upload to the site.
Any content you upload to the site will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. You retain all of your ownership rights in your content, but when you upload or post content to the site, you grant RLL a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, transferable licence to use, store and copy that content and to distribute and make it available to third parties.
RLL also has the right to disclose your identity to any third party who is claiming that any content posted or uploaded by you to the site constitutes a violation of their intellectual property rights, or of their right to privacy.
RLL has the right to remove any posting you make on the site if, in RLL’s opinion, your post does not comply with the content standards set out in the Acceptable Use Policy.
You are solely responsible for securing and backing up your content.
Limitation of RLL’s liability
Nothing in these terms of use exclude or limit RLL’s liability for death or personal injury arising from its negligence, or fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, or any other liability that cannot be excluded or limited by English law.
To the extent permitted by law, RLL excludes all conditions, warranties, representations or other terms which may apply to the site or any content on it, whether express or implied.
RLL will not be liable to any user for any loss or damage, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, even if foreseeable, arising under or in connection with use of, or inability to use, the site or use of or reliance on any content displayed on the site.
RLL only provides the site for your domestic and private use. You agree not to use the site for any commercial or business purposes, and RLL has no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or loss of business opportunity.
RLL will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a virus, distributed denial-of-service attack, or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of the site.
RLL assumes no responsibility for the content of any websites linked on the site. Such links should not be interpreted as endorsement by RLL of those linked websites. RLL will not be liable for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.
Viruses
RLL does not guarantee that the site will be secure or free from bugs or viruses.
You are responsible for configuring your information technology, computer programmes and platform in order to access the site. You should use your own virus protection software.
You must not misuse the site by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to the site, the server on which the site is stored or any server, computer or database connected to the site. You must not attack the site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack. By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. RLL will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and RLL will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use the site will cease immediately.
Linking to the site
You may link to the site’s home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage RLL’s reputation or take advantage of it. No link should be made to any part of the site other than the home page.
You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on RLL’s part where none exists.
RLL reserves the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.
Third party links and resources in the site
Where the site contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only.  You should read the privacy statement of the sites you visit as RLL are not responsible for the privacy statements or data protection obligations of third party sites.
RLL has no control over the contents of those sites or resources.
Applicable law
Please note that these terms of use, its subject matter and its formation, are governed by English law. You and RLL both agree that the courts of England and Wales will have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with these terms of use.
Contact
To contact RLL, please email info@lakesaquarium.co.uk.
Thank you for visiting the site.
Schedule 1 – Privacy policy
RLL are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This privacy policy (together with RLL’s terms of use and any other documents referred to on it) sets out the basis on which any personal data RLL collects from you, either via the site or in relation to information that you provide to RLL by any other means, will be processed by it.  Please read the following carefully to understand RLL’s views and practices regarding your personal data and how RLL will treat it.
For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 (prior to 25th May 2018), the General Data Protection Regulation (on or after 25th May 2018) (GDPR) and any other data protection legislation in force in the United Kingdom from time to time, the data controller is Real Live Leisure Company Limited (RLL), Oceanarium, Pier Approach, Bournemouth, Dorset, BH2 5AA.
RLL has appointed a data protection officer (DPO) who is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to this privacy policy. If you have any questions about this privacy notice, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, please contact the DPO by emailing info@lakesaquarium.co.uk
http://www.lakesaquaium.co.uk (the site) is a site operated by RLL, a limited company incorporated in England and Wales with company number 03446630 whose registered office is at Oceanarium, Pier Approach, Bournemouth, Dorset, BH2 5AA.  RLL’s VAT number is 913 0554 543.
It is important that you read this privacy policy, together with any other privacy policy or notice that RLL may provide on specific occasions when RLL are collecting or processing personal information about you, so that you are aware of how and why RLL are using such information.
Information RLL may collect from you
RLL may collect and process the following data about you:
Information you give to RLL. You may give RLL information about you by purchasing tickets through or filling in forms on the site, by completing forms or providing information in person at Lakes Aquarium itself or by corresponding with RLL by phone, e-mail or otherwise. The information you give RLL may include your name, address, e-mail address, phone number, financial and credit card information or other factual information about yourself which you provide when you purchase entry or experience tickets or gift vouchers either on the site or at Lakes Aquarium, complete a membership pack or make enquiries to become a member of Lakes Aquarium, you complete the necessary forms in order to adopt an animal, you book a party at Lakes Aquarium, you apply for or take a job at Lakes Aquarium, you participate in discussion boards or other social media functions including signing up to RLL’s newsletter, you enter a competition, promotion or survey, or when you report a problem to RLL.
Information RLL collects about you. RLL may also automatically collect the following information about you when you use the site:
technical information, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform;
information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from the site (including date and time), products you viewed or searched for, page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page.
Information RLL receives from other sources. RLL may receive information about you if you use any of the other websites RLL operates or the other services RLL provides. RLL are also working closely with third parties (including, for example, business partners, sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers, search information providers) and may receive information about you from them.
It is important that the personal data RLL holds about you is accurate and current. Please keep RLL informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with them.
Uses made of the information
RLL uses information held about you in the following ways:
Information you give to RLL. RLL will use this information:
to provide you with the information that you request from RLL;
where RLL needs to perform the contract you are about to enter into with them or that they have already entered into with you.
where it is necessary for RLL’s legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
where RLL needs to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
Generally RLL does not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data other than in relation to sending third party direct marketing communications to you via email or text message. You will receive marketing communications from RLL if you have requested information from RLL or purchased tickets, memberships or other goods from RLL or if you provided RLL with your details when you entered a competition or registered for a promotion and, in each case, you have not opted out of receiving that marketing.
Information RLL collects about you on the site. RLL will use this information:
to administer the site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
to improve the site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
to allow you to participate in interactive features of RLL’s service, when you choose to do so;
as part of RLL’s efforts to keep the site safe and secure; and
to measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising RLL serves to you and others.
Information RLL receives from other sources. RLL may combine this information with information you give to RLL and information it collects about you. RLL may use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information RLL receives).
Failure to provide personal information. Where RLL requires personal information in order to be able to enter into a contract with you, or to perform a contract, your failure to supply the information will prevent the effecting or performance of the contract and RLL will have no liability for any loss which results from the failure to supply the required data.
How long RLL will hold the information. RLL only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes it collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, RLL considers the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which RLL processes your personal data and whether RLL can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
Disclosure of your information
RLL may have to share your personal information with other companies within the RLL group who are based in the UK and Spain.
You agree that RLL may share your information with selected third parties including:
Service providers based in the UK or Spain who provide IT and system administration services;
Professional advisors including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers based in the UK or Spain;
HM Revenue & Customs, regulators and other authorities based in the UK or Spain; or
Third parties to whom RLL (or any other group company of RLL) chooses to sell, transfer, or merge parts of its business or assets. Alternatively, RLL may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to RLL’s business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy notice
RLL requires all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. RLL does not allow its third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with RLL’s instructions.
Where RLL stores your personal data
All information you provide to RLL will be securely stored either electrically on its secure servers (including but not limited to web and email servers), in the cloud (via a credible third party cloud storage partner), within RLL’s’ accounting software, by any of RLL’s business partners, suppliers, sub-contractors or other companies within RLL’s group in connection with the performance of any contract RLL enters into with you or in hard copy paper format.  It is likely that your data will be transferred to RLL’s parent company, Parques Reunidos Servicios Centrales S.A. to be stored on its servers in Spain.
At the point of drafting this privacy policy, RLL does not transfer your personal data outside of the European Economic Area (EEA).
If in the future your personal data is transferred by RLL outside the EEA for processing or storage, RLL will ensure that any such transfer is made in accordance with the requirements of the Data Protection Act 1998 (prior to 25th May 2018) or the GDPR (on or after 25th May 2018) as applicable.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although RLL will do its best to protect your personal data, RLL cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to the site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once RLL have received your information, RLL will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Your rights
You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues (www.ico.org.uk). RLL would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO so please contact RLL in the first instance.
You have the right to ask RLL not to process your personal data for marketing purposes or any other purposes at any time. RLL will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if it intends to use your data for such purposes or if it intends to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent the processing of data for marketing purposes by refusing to provide consent on the forms RLL uses to collect your data.  Where you have previously provided consent to receive marketing material from RLL, you can also exercise the right to withdraw consent at any time by contacting RLL at info@lakesaquarium.co.uk.
The site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of RLL’s partner networks, advertisers and affiliates.  If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that RLL does not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.  Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Access to information
The Data Protection Act 1998 (prior to 25th May 2018) and the GDPR (on or after 25th May 2018) gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the DP Law.
Rectification
The GDPR gives you the right to require your personal data held by RLL to be rectified if it is inaccurate or incomplete. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with procedures stated in the GDPR.
Erasure
The GDPR gives you the right to ask RLL to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for RLL continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask RLL to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where RLL may have processed your information unlawfully or where RLL are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that RLL may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
Data portability
The GDPR gives you the right to obtain and relocate your personal data held by RLL to another IT environment. If you notify RLL that you wish to exercise this right, RLL will arrange the transfer in machine readable form to another IT environment within one month if it is technically possible, or within two months if the transfer is complex or if there have been multiple requests.
Restriction on Processing
The GDPR gives you the right to ask RLL to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios: (a) if you want RLL to establish the data’s accuracy; (b) where RLL’s use of the data is unlawful but you do not want RLL to erase it; (c) where you need RLL to hold the data even if RLL no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or (d) you have objected to RLL’s use of your data but RLL will need to verify whether it has overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Objecting to Processing
The GDPR allows you to object to the processing of your personal data where RLL are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where RLL are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, RLL may demonstrate that it has compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
Automated decision making
You also have the right under the GDPR in some circumstances not to be the subject of a decision based on automated processing or profiling which produces a legal effect or other significant effect on you. If you wish to exercise this right, you should make an objection in accordance with the provisions of the GDPR.
No fee usually required
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, RLL may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, RLL may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
Time limit to respond
RLL try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take RLL longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, RLL will notify you and keep you updated.
Changes to the privacy policy
Any changes RLL may make to its privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to the privacy policy.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to info@lakesaquarium.co.uk
Schedule 2 – Acceptable use policy
This acceptable use policy sets out the terms between you and RLL under which you may access http://www.lakesaquaium.co.uk (the site). This acceptable use policy applies to all users of, and visitors to, the site.
Your use of the site means that you accept, and agree to abide by, all the policies in this acceptable use policy, which supplement the terms of the site use above.
The site is operated by The Real Live Leisure Company Limited (RLL), a limited company incorporated in England and Wales with company number 03446630 whose registered office is at Oceanarium, Pier Approach, Bournemouth, Dorset, BH2 5AA.  RLL’s VAT number is 913 0554 54. To contact RLL please email info@lakesaquarium.co.uk.
Prohibited uses
You may use the site only for lawful purposes.  You may not use the site:
In any way that breaches any applicable local, national or international law or regulation.
In any way that is unlawful or fraudulent, or has any unlawful or fraudulent purpose or effect.
For the purpose of harming or attempting to harm minors in any way.
To transmit, or procure the sending of, any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising or promotional material or any other form of similar solicitation (spam).
To knowingly transmit any data, send or upload any material that contains viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time-bombs, keystroke loggers, spyware, adware or any other harmful programs or similar computer code designed to adversely affect the operation of any computer software or hardware.
You also agree:
Not to reproduce, duplicate, copy or re-sell any part of the site in contravention of the provisions of the terms of website use for the site.
Not to access without authority, interfere with, damage or disrupt:
any part of the site;
any equipment or network on which the site is stored;
any software used in the provision of the site; or
any equipment or network or software owned or used by any third party.
Suspension and termination
RLL will determine, in its discretion, whether there has been a breach of this acceptable use policy through your use of the site.  When a breach of this policy has occurred, RLL may take such action as RLL deems appropriate.
Failure to comply with this acceptable use policy constitutes a material breach of the terms of website use for the site and may result in RLL taking all or any of the following actions:
Immediate, temporary or permanent withdrawal of your right to use the site.
Immediate, temporary or permanent removal of any posting or material uploaded by you to the site.
Issue of a warning to you.
Legal proceedings against you for reimbursement of all costs on an indemnity basis (including, but not limited to, reasonable administrative and legal costs) resulting from the breach.
Further legal action against you.
Disclosure of such information to law enforcement authorities as RLL reasonably feels is necessary.
RLL excludes liability for actions taken in response to breaches of this acceptable use policy.  The responses described in this policy are not limited, and RLL may take any other action it reasonably deem appropriate.
Changes to the acceptable use policy
RLL may revise this acceptable use policy at any time by amending this page. You are expected to check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes RLL makes, as they are legally binding on you. Some of the provisions contained in this acceptable use policy may also be superseded by provisions or notices published elsewhere on the site.
Schedule 3 – Cookie Policy
It is a device for storing and recovering information that is downloaded onto the computer or onto an electronic device of the User’s upon accessing certain web pages or applications. Cookies allow obtaining certain information about the User’s browsing habits or about his/her machine or device, allowing improving a website’s service and offer a better User experience.
What type of cookies does this web page use?
Parques Reunidos Servicios Centrales, S.A. (owner of the Portal) and Oceanarium, Pier Approach, Bournemouth, BH2 5AA (the entity that operates through the Portal) use on this website the cookies that are described below:
Own Cookies
These are cookies that are strictly necessary to provide certain services expressly requested by the User. If the User deactivates these cookies he/she will not be able correctly to receive the contents, products or services of this Portal.
The type of own cookies that are used in this Portal by the above-mentioned entities and the information that they obtain through them is set out below:
Types of cookies
– Session Cookies
Purpose
– Those that provide information about the recording of User’s entries into and browsing on the website, as well as shopping cart data.
They are only valid during the User’s visits to the website. They do not record any information permanently on the User’s computer’s hard disk and they expire at the end of each browsing session.
These cookies are only associated with an anonymous User and do not provide references that allow us to deduce or know the identity (the name and surnames) of the Users that browse our website.
Specific uses
To record the entry of Users into the Portal.
To provide information society services expressly requested by the User and according to the terms and conditions applicable to the Portal.
In the online purchase processes through the Portal, the cookies only gather information about (i) the User’s browser and (ii) the session identifier of that User during his/her visits to the website, in order to manage the purchase process (in particular, bank reconciliations) and to check the accuracy of the data provided by the User in said purchase process. In that process, the data entered by the User shall be associated with his/her session identifier with the sole purpose of carrying out the bank reconciliations and confirming the purchase.
Third-Party Cookies
These are cookies that are not strictly necessary to provide services through the Portal or to browse the website.
The types of third-party cookies that are used in this Portal and the information that is obtained from them by the above-mentioned entities and by the third parties are set out below are as follows:
“_stid” (SHARETHIS)
Their purpose is to associate the User with subjects of interest based on the content that the User visits, consumes and shares when he/she browses.
Persistent Cookie
“_unam” (SHARETHIS)
Their purpose is to count the number of Users that share certain content and how many web pages are visits on account of that action.
Persistent Cookie
“UID, UIDR” (SCORDCARDSEARCH)
These are additional cookies created by Sharethis. Their purpose is to analyse the size of the audiences and to analyse the anonymous use statistics.
Persistent Cookie
“B, BX, others” (Flickr)
These cookies are enabled on pages with the Flickr widget. They can be assigned both to Flickr and to Yahoo! (owners of Flickr). The cookies “BX” and “B” are enabled for all Users, and the rest only if the User has logged onto his/her Flickr account. Yahoo! may use the information compiled to offer the User advertisements based on his/her browsing activity and his/her interests.
Persistent Cookie
“Visitor_Info1_Live” (YouTube)
Their purpose is to estimate the User’s bandwidth.
Persistent Cookie
“use_hitbox” (YouTube)
Their purpose is to increase the User visit count to a certain Youtube video.
Persistent Cookie
“PREF” (YouTube)
Their purpose is to save the session viewing activity preferences during the User’s browsing. These cookies do not store information that allows us to identify the User.
Persistent Cookie
“__ga” (Google)
This cookie allows distinguishing the Users that browse the website without, in any circumstances, allowing us to know their identity.
Persistent Cookie
“__utma” (Google)
This cookie generates a unique User ID. That unique User ID allows us to count the number of times that a User visits a website. Moreover, it allows to record the first and last time the User visited the Portal.
Persistent Cookie
“__utmb” (Google)
Its purpose is to register the time the User reached the website and expires thirty (30) minutes after the User’s last page view registration. It is eliminated automatically upon changing website or upon closing your browser. If the User remains inactive more than thirty (30) minutes on the website and requests a page again, it shall be considered a new User session.
Session Cookie
“__utmc” (Google)
This cookie allows calculating when the User finished a session. It allows checking whether the session should be kept open or if a new session must be created.
Session Cookie
“__utmz” (Google)
This cookie saves the source of traffic or the campaign through which the User reached our Portal. The cookie is created with the “JavaScript” library is executed and is updated every time information is sent to Google Analytics.
Persistent Cookie
“__utmv” (Google)
This cookie allows us to use the User’s registry data to segment demographic data, such as the sex or age of the Users that visit the Portal, merely for the purposes of statistic of activity in the Portal, and in order to improve the User experience in the Portal, based on the information obtained. The information is obtained through the “_setVar” of the Google Analytics code.
Persistent Cookie
How can I obtain more information about how to manage cookies and, where appropriate, block them or eliminate them?
The User may freely decide as to (i) whether to introduce our cookies into his/her hard disk or not or (ii) whether to receive a notification on the screen of the installation of each cookie (considered individually), and to decide at that moment whether to introduce them into is hard disk, through:
The configuration of User’s Browser options.
For more information about the Browser Google Chrome, click here.
For more information about the Browser Explorer, click here.
For more information about the Browser Mozilla Firefox, click here.
For more information about the Browser Safari, click here.
The use of third-party tools available online.
Certain third-party tools available online allow the User to detect cookies in each website that he/she visits and to manage their deactivation, e.g., if the User does not wish to be tracked by “Google Analytics” through all websites, he/she may access http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
If the User configured his/her browser to reject all cookies or expressly rejected the cookies specifically of this website, he/she may have difficulties in completing the online purchase process in our Portal. Therefore, the User’s browsing on our website may be slower or experience some type of error.
The acceptance of the use of cookies in this Portal by the Users may be revoked at any time through your browser’s configuration options (mentioned above) and privacy options available in the Portal, as well as by sending an email to lopd@grpr.com, if you have any questions about our Cookies policy.
VIII. APPLICABLE LEGISLATION
These General Conditions for Portal Use shall be regulated by Spanish law, which shall be applicable in what is not set out in this contract regarding the interpretation, validity and execution thereof.
Home
Plan Your Visit
Admission prices
Opening times
Daily Talks
Disabled Access
How to find us
Arrive by Boat or Train
Explore
Aquarium map
Conservation
Creatures
Displays
Eat & Shop
Groups & Education
Groups & Coaches
Education Groups
Birthday Parties
Buy Tickets
My Account
Cart
Checkout
Contact Us
News
Events