http://lakhvinder.com/component/tags/tag/18-public-policy
Lakhvinder - Public Policy
Advanced Search
Menu
Home
About
Company
Company Overview
Advanced Development Programs
Robotics I
BFM SAViM
superUI
SIGINT I
Project Firepower
Informatics I
Informatics II
TS
GAWAIN
HiLLS
Informatics III
Memory Prime (memory')
Engagement Mentions
People
Lakhvinder Singh Takhar
Bakhsho Kaur Takhar
Jas Takhar
Contact Us
Portfolio
Alliances & Instruments
Site
Search
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Linking Guidelines
Credits
Sitemap
Tag Cloud
Login
Username
Password
Remember Me
Log in
The PhilosophersThe Philosophers, by Gil Bruvel | www.Bruvel.com
The Forgotten GateThe Forgotten Gate, by Gil Bruvel | www.Bruvel.com
Dinosaurs, Giants of PatagoniaA still from Dinosaurs, Giants of Patagonia. Studio Virtuel Concept and it's clients.
Lakhvinder hp EliteBook 8730w field & lab instrument in ivyLakhvinder hp EliteBook 8730w field & lab instrument in ivy during Lakhvinder|TS experiments. Photograph by Lakhvinder Singh Takhar.
Lakhvinder hp EliteBook 8730w field & lab instrument in a treeLakhvinder hp EliteBook 8730w field & lab instrument in a tree during Lakhvinder|TS experiments. Photograph by Lakhvinder Singh Takhar.
Carousel Featured ShowlistThe PhilosophersThe Philosophers, by Gil Bruvel | www.Bruvel.comThe Forgotten GateThe Forgotten Gate, by Gil Bruvel | www.Bruvel.comDinosaurs, Giants of PatagoniaA still from Dinosaurs, Giants of Patagonia. Studio Virtuel Concept and it's clients.Lakhvinder hp EliteBook 8730w field & lab instrument in ivyLakhvinder hp EliteBook 8730w field & lab instrument in ivy during Lakhvinder|TS experiments. Photograph by Lakhvinder Singh Takhar.Lakhvinder hp EliteBook 8730w field & lab instrument in a treeLakhvinder hp EliteBook 8730w field & lab instrument in a tree during Lakhvinder|TS experiments. Photograph by Lakhvinder Singh Takhar.
Home
Public Policy
Enter Part of Title
Display #
5
10
15
20
25
30
50
100
All
Territorial Saturation: Global Ambient Intelligence Sensory Saturation. 2007
A ubiquitous & pervasive sensory, computation, informatics, communications and network system architectural and operational concept. The system of systems forms a global ambient intelligence with emergent properties for civilian, military and intelligence applications. This work was performed at the request of the US Air Force. Further work has been performed at the request of the US intelligence community and internal exploration. This work and the expanded works are the exclusive intellectual property of Lakhvinder.
Download Territorial Saturation: Global Ambient Intelligence Sensory Saturation variation for your clearance level. (Draft v1.4 [26 pages], Formal v2.0 [350 pages], Current v6.0 [2,498 pages])
(Draft v1.4 26 pages, Formal v2.0 350 pages, Current v5.3 1,798 pages)
GAWAIN ™: Global Autonomous Warfare & Ambient Intelligence Network ™. 2007
A superset of Territorial Saturation, this architectural and operational concept extends Territorial Saturation to include autonomous combat systems including weapons & effects. This expanded work was performed at the request of the US military & intelligence communities and internal exploration. This work is the exclusive intellectual property of Lakhvinder.
HiLLS ™: Hunter | Listener | Logistics | Seeker ™. 2007
A nodal military architecture and paradigm of organization & operations for future autonomous warfare. The exclusive intellectual property of Lakhvinder.
Meta Society I: Death of Privacy, Birth of Privacy. 2008
The death of human privacy & the birth of privacy by proxy, through virtual avatars. A study of meta social topologies & meta social interaction.
Meta Society II: Death of Nation, Birth of Societies of Mind, Spark of Cosmopolitan. 2008
The death of nation, the birth of societies of mind & the fragile spark of the Cosmopolitan. A study on meta social topologies & meta social interaction displacing the conventional construct of the nation.
Lakhvinder | TS ™: Secure and robust IoT, mass scale autonomous control and predictive analytics for defense, intelligence, transportation and industrial applications. 2007-2012
Lakhvinder | TS ™
Terrestrial / Territorial Saturation: A system for secure & robust AmI (Ambient Intelligence), IoT (Internet of Things), M2M (Machine to Machine), WoT (Web of Things) and global scale autonomous control and predictive analytics for defense, intelligence, transportation and industrial applications.
On the verge of enlightenment, discovery, awareness & control.
TS fully integrated final development wrap-up and testing series. 2010-2012
Completed the Lakhvinder | TS fully integrated final development wrap-up and testing series including the research, design, development and testing of:
Trending Articles
Lakhvinder Singh Takhar
Bakhsho Kaur Takhar
Company Overview
Lakhvinder | TS ™: Secure and robust IoT, mass scale autonomous control and predictive analytics for defense, intelligence, transportation and industrial applications. 2007-2012
Dinosaurs, Giants of Patagonia. 2007
The Elf King. 2000-2001
Star Trek ®: Secret of Vulcan Fury. 1997-1999
Of Light & Darkness: The Prophecy. 1997-1999
Star Trek ®: Starfleet Academy. 1997-1999
Hewlett-Packard ®
Toyota Land Cruiser Advertisement. 1998
Software based model and simulator of BFM ™ SAViM ™ IV hardware. 2008
The modeling and simulation of amorphous state and ordered crystalline state phase change of Ge-Sb-Te alloys using hnc: heavy node computing. 2008
Most Favoured Books, by requested categories
The Adaptation of ZigBee for Military and Intelligence Applications in Ambient Intelligence. 2007
New Articles
Bakhsho Kaur Takhar
Engagement Mentions
Jas Takhar
TS fully integrated final development wrap-up and testing series. 2010-2012
An analysis of flocking behaviour in MotoGP motorcycle racing. 2010
Trending Downloads
Hewlett-Packard
Territorial Saturation (Restricted)
Draft v1.4 (26 pages)
Formal v2.0 (350 pages)
Current v6.0 (2,498 pages)
Project Firepower
Dessinn's Serafin
Panasonic Toughbook
Menu
Home
About
Portfolio
Alliances & Instruments
Site
Access or Use of this Web site constitutes Your Acceptance of, and Agreement to, the Terms of Use.
© Copyright 1982-2015 Lakhvinder David Takhar center for advanced studies. All rights reserved. Some Resources are © Copyright Lakhvinder's licensors, suppliers and/or other third parties. All rights reserved.
Go to top