http://lamdagen.com/privacy-policy/
Toggle navigation
Home
Applications
LAuRA Digital Diagnostic Platform for Point of Care
Plasmonic Nano-Structured Biosensors
Plasmonic Research & Development
News & Literature
News and Events
Literature and Data
Company
Careers
Contact
Us
About Us
Home
Privacy Policy
Collection, Use and Sharing of Information
LamdaGen Corp. is the sole owner of information collected on this site. We only have access to information that you provide via email and/or other direct contact. We will use your information to respond to you, if an inquiry is made. You have the option to subscribe to our periodic email/newsletter, and with the information you provide, we will contact you via email to tell you about new products or services.
We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, i.e. shipment of a purchase order. We may release your information when required so by law, to enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or security.
By using this site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Control Over Your Information
You may opt out of future contact from us at any time. You can do so by contacting us via the email address or phone number provided on our website.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Employees who require personal information to perform a specific job (i.e. billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act, and will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Privacy Policy Updates
Updates to our privacy policy will be posted on this page.