https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/ch10.html#websec2-CHP-10-SECT-1.2
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
Chapter 10. Privacy-Protecting TechnologiesIn this chapter, we’ll look at a few classes of programs that you
can use to safeguard your privacy while using the Web. Collectively,
these technologies are frequently referred to as
privacy-protecting technologies.
For each major section in this chapter, we have attempted to
introduce the broad program category (blocking ads, crushing cookies,
anonymous browsing, and secure email), give a few examples of programs
in the category, and then finally show one or two of these programs in
action. Because the Internet is a fast-changing place, it’s quite
possible that some or all of the programs discussed here will no longer
be available by the time this book appears in print. It’s also possible
that new programs will be introduced that are not mentioned here. That’s
why you should use this chapter as a survey of the kinds of tools that
are available for enhancing web privacy, rather than as an actual
buyer’s guide.Blocking Ads and Crushing CookiesIf you are interested in protecting your privacy from web
advertisers—or if you simply want to see fewer advertisements when you
browse the Internet—then you will find yourself in something of a
quandary. That’s because the companies that are developing web browsers—Microsoft, Netscape, and Opera
Software—have all developed business units that make money by showing
advertisements to consumers.[115] Browsers have become programs for delivering ads (see
Figure 10-1).Figure 10-1. On today’s Internet, ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial