https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/ch01s02.html
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
Risk Analysis and Best PracticesSecurity is most often viewed as a process that is designed to
prevent something from happening. As a result,
people often approach computer security by thinking about the risks
that they face and then formulating strategies for minimizing or
mitigating these risks. One traditional way to approach this problem
is with the process of risk analysis , a technique that involves gauging the likelihood of
each risk, evaluating the potential for damage that each risk entails,
and addressing the risks in some kind of systematic order.Risk analysis has a long and successful history in the fields of
public safety and civil engineering. Consider the construction of a
suspension bridge. It’s a relatively straightforward matter to
determine how much stress cars, trucks, and weather on a bridge will
place on the bridge’s cables. Knowing the anticipated stress, an
engineer can compute the chance that the bridge will collapse over the
course of its life given certain design and construction choices.
Given the bridge’s width, length, height, anticipated traffic, and
other factors, an engineer can compute the projected destruction to
life, property, and commuting patterns that would result from the
bridge’s failure. All of this information can be used to calculate
cost-effective design decisions and a reasonable maintenance schedule
for the bridge’s owners to follow.Unfortunately, the application of risk analysis to the field of
computer security has been less successful. Risk analysis depends on
the ability to gauge the likelihood of each risk, identify the factors
that enable those risks, and calculate the potential impact of various
choices—figures that are devilishly hard to pin down. How do you
calculate the risk that an attacker will be able to obtain system
administrator privileges on your web server? Does this risk increase
over time, as new security vulnerabilities are discovered, or does it
decrease over time, as the vulnerabilities are publicized and
corrected? Does a well-maintained system become less secure or more
secure over time? And how do you calculate the likely damages of a
successful penetration? Unfortunately, few statistical, scientific
studies have been performed on these questions. Many people think they
know the answers to these questions, but research has shown that
people badly estimate risk based on personal experience.Because of the difficulty inherent in risk analysis, another
approach for securing computers has emerged in recent years called
best practices , or due care . This approach consists of a series of recommendations,
procedures, and policies that are generally accepted within the
community of security practitioners to give organizations a reasonable
level of overall security and risk mitigation at a reasonable cost.
Best practices can be thought of as “rules of thumb” for implementing
sound security measures.The best practices approach is not without its problems. The
biggest problem is that there really is no one set of “best practices”
that is applicable to all web sites and web users. The best practices
for a web site that manages financial information might have
similarities to the best practices for a web site that publishes a
community newsletter, but the financial web site would likely have
additional security measures.Following best practices does not assure that your system will
not suffer a security-related incident. Most best practices require
that an organization’s security office monitor the Internet for news
of new attacks and download patches from vendors when they are made
available. But even if you follow this regimen, an attacker might
still be able to use a novel, unpublished attack to compromise your
computer system.The very idea that tens of thousands of organizations could or
even should implement the “best” techniques available to secure their
computers is problematical. The “best” techniques available are simply
not appropriate or cost-effective for all organizations. Many
organizations that claim to be following best practices are actually
adopting the minimum standards commonly used for securing systems. In
practice, most best practices really aren’t.We recommend a combination of risk analysis and best practices.
Starting from a body of best practices, an educated designer should
evaluate risks and trade-offs, and pick reasonable solutions for a
particular configuration and management. Web servers should be hosted
on isolated machines, and configured with an operating system and
software providing the minimally-required functionality. The operators
should be vigilant for changes, keep up-to-date on patches, and
prepare for the unexpected. Doing this well takes a solid
understanding of how the Web works, and what happens when it doesn’t
work. This is the approach that we will explain in the chapters that
follow.
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial