https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/ch17s05.html#websec2-CHP-17-SECT-5.1
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
When Things Go WrongWhen a web browser makes a connection to an SSL web server, it
checks on a number of the fields in the server’s X.509 v3
certificates. If the contents of a field don’t match what the web
browser expects, it can alert the user or disallow the
connection.This section summarizes some of the problems that can befall
even the most well-intentioned site administrators.Not Yet Valid and Expired Certificates When a web browser opens an SSL connection to a
server, it checks the dates on the certificates that the server
presents to make sure that they are valid. If the certificate has
expired (or if the client’s clock and calendar are not properly
set), it will alert the user. Some programs that use SSL simply
inform the user that a certificate has expired (or is not yet valid)
and give the user the option to continue. Other programs do not give
the user the option.If the date on the certificate looks valid, then it is
possible the date on the user’s computer is wrong—for example, the
clocks of many desktop computers will reset to 1980 if their
internal battery dies. If you can’t figure out why a certificate is
out of date, check your computer’s clock.Certificate Renewal Like most other identification documents,
X.509 v3 certificates expire. When they expire, you
need to get new ones if you wish to continue to offer X.509 v3-based
services. In many cases, you can simply request that a new
certificate be issued for your existing public key.The authority that issues the ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial