https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/ch07s03.html
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
Public Key InfrastructurePublic key infrastructure
(PKI) is the system of digital certificates,
certification authorities, tools, systems, and hardware that are used
to deploy public key technology.The word “public” in PKI has had an ambiguous history. Many of
the early proponents of PKI envisioned a single PKI, operated by or
for the government, which would provide state-certified certificates.
In one vision, each person in the United States would be issued a
certificate. These certificates could be used for digitally signing
tax returns, for conducting online business, and for other official
purposes. As acceptance increased, it was envisioned that PKI
certificates would become the electronic equivalent of driver’s
licenses.The public PKI was a grand vision, but so far it hasn’t
happened. Companies such as VeriSign have issued millions of
certificates to verify the identity of individuals and organizations,
and the keys to sign these certificates have been widely distributed.
Some of these so-called trust hierarchies
, such as the trust hierarchy used to certify web server
certificates, are used by more than a hundred million people. But they
are run by private businesses, and not by
governments. The word “public” in PKI refers to public keys, rather than to the public at large.To understand the issues involved in PKI today, it’s helpful to
look back at how we got where we are today.Certification Authorities: Some HistoryWhen Netscape Communications started business in 1995, ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial