https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/ch16s02.html#websec2-CHP-16-SECT-2.1
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
Rules to Code By
Most security-related bugs in computer programs are
simply that: bugs. For whatever reason, these faults keep your program
from operating properly.General Principles for Writing Secure ScriptsOver the years, we have developed a list of general
principles by which to code. What follows is an excerpt from that
list, edited for its particular relevance to CGI and API
programs:Carefully design the program before you start. Be certain
that you understand what you are trying to build. Carefully
consider the environment in which it will run, the input and
output behavior, files used, arguments recognized, signals
caught, and other aspects of behavior. List all of the errors
that might occur, and how your program will deal with them.
Write a code specification in English (or your native language)
before writing the code in the computer language of your
choice.Show the specification to another person. Before you start
writing code, show the specification that you have written to
another programmer. Make sure they can understand the
specification and that they think it will work. If you can’t
convince another programmer that your paper design will work,
you should go back to the design phase and make your
specification clearer. The time you spend now will be repaid
many times over in the future.Write and test small sections at a time. As you start to write your program, start small and test frequently. When you test your sections, test them with both expected data and ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial