https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/ape.html#websec2-APP-E-SECT-1.4.9
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
Appendix E. ReferencesThe field of web security, and computer security in general, is
large and growing larger every day. Rather than attempting to list all
of the many useful references, we’ll note the ones we think especially
appropriate. For a more extensive and up-to-date listing of references,
we recommend that you pursue an online reference such as the CERIAS
hotlist (cited below). Appendixes D through F of Practical
Unix & Internet Security, although somewhat dated, still
contain a great deal of highly useful material. The CERIAS hotlist has
thousands of references to Internet-based sources of security
information; the PUIS book has almost 50 pages of
references to journals, organizations, books, papers, and other
resources in the indicated appendixes.Electronic ReferencesThere is a certain irony in trying to include a comprehensive
list of electronic resources in a printed book such as this one.
Electronic resources such as web pages, newsgroups, and mailing lists
are updated on an hourly basis; new releases of computer programs can
be published every few weeks. Books, on the other hand, are
infrequently updated.We present the following electronic resources with the understanding that this list necessarily can be neither complete nor completely up to date. What we hope, instead, is that it is expansive. By reading it, we hope that you will gain insight into places to look for future developments in web security. Along the way, you may find some information you can put to ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial