https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/ch05s02.html#websec2-CHP-5-SECT-2.1.2
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
SSL: The User’s Point of ViewBoth Netscape Navigator and Microsoft’s Internet Explorer
contain extensive support for SSL and TLS. This section describes the
support for transferring documents using encryption. SSL/TLS support
for digital certificates is described in Chapter 17.NoteNetscape Navigator uses the term “secure document” as
shorthand for the phrase “documents that are transmitted using
SSL.”Of course, documents transmitted using SSL aren’t any more
secure or unsecure than documents that are sent in the clear. They
are simply cryptographically protected against eavesdropping and
modification while in transit. The SSL Protocol makes no assurance
that the document itself was not modified on the web server—a far
easier attack than intercepting and modifying the contents of a
TCP/IP stream.Browser Preferences Netscape Navigator and Internet Explorer control their
SSL behavior through the use of special control panels. Navigator
calls this panel Security Preferences and it is accessed from
Navigator’s Preferences menu. Explorer calls this panel the Advanced
Options panel and it is accessed from Explorer’s Internet Options
menu.Navigator preferencesThe Netscape Navigator 6.0 Security Preferences panel is
shown in Figure
5-4.Figure 5-4. Netscape Navigator’s Security Preferences panelThe controls listed under Navigator’s General tab allow the user to choose when various alerts are ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial