https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/ch07s02.html#websec2-CHP-7-SECT-2.4
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
Certification Authorities: Third-Party RegistrarsA certification authority
(CA) is any organization that issues digital
certificates.Any individual or organization can be a certification authority:
being a CA simply means that the individual or organization signs
certificates with a public key. A CA can impose standards before it
signs a key; in the case of a university, it would probably verify
that the key that it was about to sign really belonged to a bona fide
student. Another CA might not have any standards at all. The world’s
largest CA, VeriSign, issues several different kinds of
certificates. VeriSign signs certificates under its VeriSign Trust Network (VTN) for public use; the company
also issues certificates for use within corporations. The lowest level
of certificates issued by VTN have no assurance; the highest levels
come with the promise that VTN attempted to establish the identity of
the key holder before the certificate was issued.Conceptually, a CA’s certificate looks like a cryptographically
signed index card. The certificates, signed by the certification
authority’s own private key, contain the name of the CA, that CA’s
public key, a serial number, and other information, as shown in Figure 7-7. To date, most certificates are a promise by the CA that a particular public key belongs to a particular individual or organization. But certificates can also be used for assertions. For example, the Commonwealth of Massachusetts could issue certificates saying that an ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial