https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/apas04.html#websec2-APP-A-SECT-4.1.1
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
Commercial Start-UpNow that the Unix workstation was on the island and the leased
line to the Internet was up and running, the next thing to do was to
work on our dialup access.Working with the Phone CompanyA friend who ran an ISP in Cincinnati had told me that if I
wanted to run a successful dialup operation, I should get a service
from the phone company called circular hunting
. Normally, a bank of telephones is put into what is
called a hunt group . You might have a block of phone numbers, from
555-1000 to 555-1020. With normal hunting, a phone call to 555-1000
is always taken by the first phone in the hunt group that isn’t
busy. But with circular hunting, the phone system remembers the last
phone that it dialed and automatically dials the next phone number
in the hunt group, whether the call to the previous phone number has
hung up or not.Circular hunting sounded like a great idea if you are running
dialup access with analog modems. Consider what happens if you have
a modem that suddenly fails to answer new calls. If you have
circular hunting, then you only lose one modem: the next caller gets
the next modem. But if you don’t have circular hunting, then every
caller will get the ringing modem, and nobody will get any of the
other modems in the hunt group that are still good.Lesson: Design your systems to fail gracefully.I called NYNEX and tried to order a Centrex system with circular hunting. Unfortunately, nobody at the phone company knew what I was talking about. (A few months ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial