https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/ch23s03.html
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
RSACiThe
Recreational Software Advisory Council (RSAC) was formed
in the mid-1990s in response to several moves within the U.S. Congress
to regulate the content of children’s video games. Congress was moved
to action after a number of video games were produced in which the
goal of the game was to brutally murder live-action figures, some of
whom were wearing only the scantiest of outfits.[201] The entertainment industry successfully argued that it
could police itself and offered to adopt a voluntary rating system
that would let people purchasing a video game determine the levels of
gore, violence, and sex that the program contained.In conjunction with the development of the PICS standard, the
World Wide Web Consortium worked with RSAC to develop a modified
version of the RSAC rating system—RSACi. Despite the fact that this rating system was
designed for rating web sites and was created by the W3C, it still
read like a rating system for video games and not for web sites. For
example, a web site could be said to “reward injuring nonthreatening
creatures.”Table 23-1 shows
the RSAC ratings that are implemented in Microsoft Internet Explorer 3
and above. Microsoft’s Internet Preferences panel is designed to allow
parents to create “content advisors” that will prohibit the display of
certain kinds of content. Figure
23-2 shows a window from the content advisor. In this case, the content advisor is loaded with the RSACi content rating system. The browser has been configured so that ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial