https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/ch04s03.html
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
What Cryptography Can’t DoCryptography is an incredibly powerful technology for
protecting information, but it is only one of many technologies that
play a role in web security and commerce. Unfortunately, cryptography
plays such an important role that many people assume that any computer
system is automatically secure, and that any system that does not use
encryption can’t be made secure. As a matter of fact, the phrase
secure web server is often used interchangeably
with the phrase cryptographically enabled web
server.Encryption isn’t all-powerful. You can use the best cryptography
that’s theoretically possible, but if other mistakes are made in
either systems design or data handling, confidential information may
still be revealed. For example, a document might be encrypted so that
it could only be decoded by one person, but if that person prints out
a document and then throws it out without first shredding the paper,
the secrets that the document contains could still end up on the front
page of the local newspaper.Likewise, cryptography isn’t an appropriate solution for many
problems, including the following:Cryptography can’t protect your unencrypted documentsEven if you set up your web server so that it only sends
files to people using 1024-bit SSL, remember that the
unencrypted originals still reside on your web server. Unless
you separately encrypt them, those files are vulnerable.
Somebody breaking into the computer on which your server is
located will have access to the data.Cryptography can’t protect against stolen encryption
keysThe whole point of using encryption is to make it possible
for people who have your encryption keys to decrypt your files
or messages. Thus, any attacker who can steal or purchase your
keys can decrypt your files and messages. That’s important to
remember when using SSL, because SSL keeps copies of the
server’s secret key on the computer’s hard disk. (Normally it’s
encrypted, but it doesn’t have to be.)Cryptography can’t protect against most denial-of-service
attacksCryptographic protocols such as SSL are great for
protecting information from eavesdropping. Unfortunately,
attackers can have goals other than eavesdropping. In banking
and related fields, an attacker can cause great amounts of
damage and lost funds by simply disrupting your communications
or deleting your encrypted files. Although there has been some
research on techniques by which cryptography can guard against
some specific denial-of-service attacks (such as client puzzles
and SYN hash cookies), the results of this research are not
generally applicable.Cryptography can’t protect you against records of message traffic or the fact that a message was sent[62] Suppose you send an encrypted message to Blake
Johnson, and Blake murders your lover’s spouse, and then Blake
sends you an encrypted message back. A reasonable person might
suspect that you have some involvement in the murder, even if
that person can’t read the contents of your messages. Or suppose
there is a record of your sending large, encrypted messages from
work to your company’s competitor. If there is a mysterious
deposit to your bank account two days after each transmission,
an investigator is likely to draw some conclusions from this
behavior.Cryptography can’t protect against a booby-trapped
encryption programSomeone can modify your encryption program to make it
worse than worthless. For example, an attacker could modify your
copy of Netscape Navigator so that it always uses the same
encryption key. (This is one of the attacks that was developed
at the University of California at Berkeley.)Unless you write or inspect all of the programs that
run on your computer, there is no way to completely
eliminate these possibilities.[63] They exist whether you are using encryption or
not. However, you can minimize the risks by getting your
cryptographic programs through trusted channels and
minimizing the opportunity for your program to be modified.
You can also use digital signatures and techniques such as
code signing to detect changes to your encryption
programs.Cryptography can’t protect you against a traitor or a
mistakHumans are the weakest link in your system. Your
cryptography system can’t protect you if your correspondent is
sending your messages to the newspapers after legitimately
decrypting them. Your system also may not protect against one of
your system administrators being tricked into revealing a
password by a phone call purporting to be from the FBI.Cryptography can’t protect you against a passerbyIf you leave your computer unlocked when you go to the
bathroom or to get a cup of coffee, somebody can use your
computer and do things with your private keys.Thus, while cryptography is an important element of web
security, it is not the only part. Cryptography can’t guarantee the
security of your computer if people can break into it through other
means. But cryptography will shield your data, which should help to
minimize the impact of a penetration if it does occur.[62] In cryptanalysis, the study of such information is
called traffic analysis.[63] And unless you are a stellar programmer, writing
the programs yourself may put you at even greater risk
from bugs and design errors.
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial