https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/ch07s04.html#websec2-CHP-7-SECT-4.3
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
Open Policy IssuesWhen the first edition of this book was published in
1996, many people believed that a working public key infrastructure
was a prerequisite for commerce on the World Wide Web. We disagreed.
At that time, there was already substantial commerce occurring on the
Internet based on old-style, easily forged credit cards, rather than
high-tech digital signatures. We argued that the additional security
offered by digital signatures might not be necessary if there was
money to be made.Today, the need for a widespread PKI is even more compelling,
yet it seems more remote than ever. There are growing incidents of
fraud on the Internet, and there is an increasing need to use digital
signatures to do business. Yet despite the passage of digital
signature legislation in the United States that makes a digital
signature as legally binding as a written signature, widespread PKI
seems further away today than it was in 1996.It is not clear that the current vision of a public key
infrastructure can even be built. Today’s vision calls for a system
with multiple CAs and with thousands or millions of different users,
each obtaining, invalidating, and discarding certificates and public
keys as needed. For the past 30 years, this type of technology has
really not been tested outside the lab except in very controlled
environments.[94]In the following sections, we’ll look at a few of the problems
that must be faced in building a true PKI.Private Keys Are Not PeopleDigital signatures facilitate ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial