https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/apas08.html
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
ConclusionIt’s interesting to look back over Vineyard.NET’s first six
years of operation. On the one hand, we accomplished practically
everything we set out to do. We created a self-sufficient company with
a fairly large customer base. We created Perl scripts for managing
user accounts, generating reports, and even submitting credit card
numbers securely over the Internet to our merchant bank for payment.
We grew the company to more than a thousand customers. We cashed out.
And then we bought it back.On the other hand, a lot of the diversions that we investigated
never panned out. For example, we have that great software for billing
credit cards, but we have never been able to sell it to anybody
else—we couldn’t even give it away. We spent many hours working on
proposals for providing network service to schools and various
businesses, only to be passed over for political reasons that had
nothing to do with our technical capabilities. We deployed a
cryptographic web server because our customers told us that we had to
have one, and then nobody used it. All of that is pretty
frustrating.I learned a lot about Unix and computer security by running
Vineyard.NET. The project added a good 200 pages to
Practical Unix & Internet Security and was
responsible for the creation of the book that you are reading now. On
the other hand, running Vineyard.NET kept me from writing who knows
how many other books.As for the value of what we’ve created, I certainly would have made more money working ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial