https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/ch19s03.html
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
Criminal Subject MatterPossession and/or distribution of some kinds of information is
criminal under U.S. law. If you see suspicious information on your
computer, you should take note. If you believe that the information
may be criminal in nature, you should contact an attorney first—do not
immediately contact a law enforcement officer, as you may indirectly
be admitting to involvement with a crime merely by asking for
advice.Access Devices and Copyrighted SoftwareFederal law (18 USC 1029) makes it a felony to manufacture or
possess 15 or more access devices that can be used to obtain
fraudulent service. The term access devices is
broadly defined and is usually interpreted as including cellular
telephone activation codes, account passwords, credit card numbers,
and physical devices that can be used to obtain access.Federal law also makes software
piracy a crime, as well as possession of unlicensed
copyrighted software with the intent to defraud. The rental of
software without the permission of the copyright holder is also
illegal.Pornography, Indecency, and Obscenity Pornography thrives on the Internet. With millions of customers and billions of dollars transferred every year, pornography is currently one of the main drivers of e-commerce and broadband residential connections. Pornography has stimulated the development of age verification systems, credit card verification systems, and even forms of electronic currency. Today pornography is one of the main sources of revenue on ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial