https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/ch08s04.html#websec2-CHP-8-SECT-4.3
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
Understanding Cookies
A cookie is a block of ASCII text
that a web server can pass into a user’s instance of Netscape
Navigator (and many other web browsers). Once received, the web
browser sends the cookie every time a new document is requested from
the web server. Cookies are transmitted by the underlying HTTP
protocol, which means that they can be sent with HTML files, images
(GIFs, JPEGs, and PNGs), sounds, or any other data type.Netscape introduced “cookies” with Navigator Version 2.0. The
original purpose of cookies was to make it possible for a web server
to track a client through multiple HTTP requests. This sort of
tracking is needed for complex web-based applications that need to
maintain state between web pages.Typical applications for cookies include the following:A catalog site might use a cookie to implement an electronic
“shopping cart.”A news site might use cookies so that subscribers see local
news and weather.A subscription-only site might use cookies to store
subscription information, so that a username/password combination
does not need to be presented each time the user visits the
site.The preliminary cookie specification can be found at http://www.netscape.com/newsref/std/cookie_spec.html . RFC 2965, dated October 2000, outlines a proposed
codification of the cookie specification, but as of August 2001 this
standard had still not been adopted by the IETF.
The Cookie ProtocolA web server sends a cookie to your browser by
transmitting a Set-Cookie message ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial