https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/ch25s02.html#websec2-CHP-25-SECT-2.4.2
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
Internet-Based Payment Systems
Although most purchases made on the Internet today are
made with credit cards, increasingly merchants and consumers are
turning their attention to other kinds of Internet-based payment
systems. In contrast to credit cards, these new systems seem to
promise a number of possible advantages:Reduced transaction costCredit card charges cost between 25 cents and 75 cents per
transaction, with a hefty 2 to 3 percent service fee on top of
that. New payment systems might have transaction costs in the
pennies, making them useful for purchasing things that cost only
a quarter.AnonymityWith today’s credit card systems, the merchant needs to
know the consumer’s name, account number, and frequently the
address as well. Some consumers are hesitant to give out this
information. Some merchants believe that their sales might
increase if consumers were not required to give out this
information.Broader marketCurrently, there are many individuals in the world who use
cash because they are not eligible for credit cards. Payment
systems that are not based on credit might be usable by more
people.From the consumer’s point of view, all electronic payment
systems consist of two phases. The first phase is
enrollment
: the consumer needs to establish some sort of account
with the payment system and possibly download necessary software. The
second phase is the actual purchase operation.
Some payment systems have a third phase,
settlement , in which accounts are settled among ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial