https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/ch16s03.html#websec2-CHP-16-SECT-3.2
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
Securely Using Fields, Hidden Fields, and CookiesOne of the reasons that it can be difficult to develop secure
web applications has to do with the very architecture of web
applications. When you develop an application, you generally write a
body of code that runs locally on the web server and a much smaller
body of code that is downloaded and run remotely on the user’s web
browser. You might spend a lot of time making sure that these two code
bases work properly together. For example, it’s very important to make
sure that the field names downloaded in web forms exactly match the
field names that server-side scripts are expecting. And you will
probably spend time making sure that the HTML forms, JavaScript, and
other codes that are downloaded to the browser work properly on a wide
range of different browser programs.Even in the best of times, it can be difficult to get software
on the web browser and the web server to properly synchronize and
interoperate. What makes this whole process difficult from the
security perspective is that attackers, by definition, don’t play by
the rules. Sure, they can run your HTML forms and JavaScript in
well-behaved browsers, but they can also pick apart the code, analyze
it, and send completely made-up responses back to your web server.
These sorts of attacks are difficult to detect because they are very
hard for normal web developers to test against—after all, most web
developers don’t have a stable of CGI-script attack tools.There is nothing inherently ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial