https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/apas03.html
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
IP ConnectivityOne of our first goals was to get the Internet connection up and
running.Lesson: Set milestones and stick to them.Setting up an Internet service provider and a
commercial Internet service is a huge task. I broke the job down
into smaller, understandable chunks. Each chunk had its own
milestone: a thing that was to be accomplished, and a date by which
it was supposed to be accomplished.On a piece of paper, I sketched out my first set of goals and
milestones:July 1, 1995—Get leased line installed.Mid-July—Get IP connection up and running.August 1—Get dialup access working to router.August 15—Open up service for a few testers.September 1, 1995—Announce service to the
community.The key ingredient to making all of this work was working
phone lines—something that the house didn’t have when we moved in.
Before we closed on the house, we placed an order for four
residential phone lines—after all, the house was first and foremost
a residence. I had also made arrangements with a mid-level ISP in
Cambridge called CentNet for a 56K connection to the Internet that
would be delivered over a four-wire DDS frame relay connection. To
make this whole thing work I arranged for Cisco to loan me a Cisco
2509 router—a basic router with two high-speed serial ports, eight
low-speed asynchronous serial ports, and an Ethernet. I foolishly
thought of this router as an “ISP in a box.”Lesson: Get your facilities in order.I waited for and met the NYNEX telephone installer on the day our residential ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial