https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/ch17s04.html
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
Obtaining a Certificate from a Commercial CA The self-signed certificates created earlier in this
chapter allow you to take advantage of the capabilities of any
SSL-enabled client or server. These certificates are sufficient for
the overwhelming majority of uses. However, many organizations choose
to purchase a certificate from a certification authority such as
VeriSign. There are several advantages to using a certificate that is
signed by a commercial CA in preference to a key that is
self-signed:Because VeriSign and other CAs have their keys distributed
with Internet Explorer and Netscape, your users will not have to
manually add your internal CA’s key to their web browser.Because VeriSign and other CAs attempt to verify the
identity of an organization before signing that organization’s
key, your users may have some assurance that your web server
actually belongs to the organization whose name is on the
certificate. This can be useful in e-commerce applications where
you are asking users to divulge personal information such as their
names, addresses, Social Security numbers, or credit card
numbers.If you wish to use a certificate from a commercial CA, you will need to create a certificate signing request, send the CSR to the organization, convince the CA to sign your key, and install the certificate that you get back from the CA. The process of convincing the CA to sign your key usually involves presenting the organization with some sort of tangible proof that you represent the ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial