https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/ch03s02.html#websec2-CHP-3-SECT-2.2
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
Symmetric Key AlgorithmsSymmetric key algorithms are for the bulk encryption of data or
data streams. These algorithms are designed to be very fast and have a
large number of possible keys. The best symmetric key algorithms offer
excellent secrecy; once data is encrypted with a given key, there is
no fast way to decrypt the data without possessing the same
key.Symmetric key algorithms can be divided into two categories:
block and stream. Block algorithms
encrypt data a block (many bytes) at a time, while
stream algorithms
encrypt byte-by-byte (or even bit-by-bit).Cryptographic Strength of Symmetric AlgorithmsDifferent encryption algorithms are not equal. Some
systems are not very good at protecting data, allowing encrypted
information to be decrypted without knowledge of the requisite key.
Others are quite resistant to even the most determined attack. The
ability of a
cryptographic system to protect information from
attack is called its strength. Strength depends
on many factors, including:The secrecy of the key.The difficulty of guessing the key or trying out all
possible keys (a key search). Longer keys
are generally more difficult to guess or find.The difficulty of inverting the encryption algorithm
without knowing the encryption key
(breaking the encryption algorithm).The existence (or lack) of back doors
, or additional ways by which an encrypted file
can be decrypted more easily without knowing the key.The ability to decrypt an entire encrypted message if you know the ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial