https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/ch12.html#websec2-CHP-12-SECT-1
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
Chapter 12. Mobile Code I: Plug-Ins, ActiveX,and Visual BasicWeb browsers are amazing technology, but from the very birth of
the World Wide Web, they have never provided enough functionality for
web developers. Browsers, after all, are static programs: a browser can
only display so many types of information in so many ways. For this
reason, from the start, web developers have looked for ways to augment
the functionality of browsers by asking users to download and run
additional programs. Sun, Microsoft, and Netscape have further developed
technologies for automatically downloading and running programs on
demand. Programs that move in this fashion are frequently called
mobile code .Most mobile code behaves as expected. But it doesn’t have to. Many
programs have bugs in them: running them will occasionally cause your
computer to crash. Some programs are downright malicious; they might
erase all of the information on your computer’s disk, plant a virus, or
seek out confidential information stored on your computer and transmit
it to a secret location on the Internet. And some companies have used
active content to learn the email addresses or browsing history of
people who thought that they were anonymously browsing a web
site.Thus, the purveyors of mobile code systems have had to walk a tightrope. They’ve had to design systems that have tangible benefits for both web publishers and users, while simultaneously limiting the malicious damage that these systems can create. This balance ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial