https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/ch26s02.html
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
PatentsPatents
are a type of license granted to an inventor to protect
novel, useful, and nonobvious inventions. Originally, these were
intended to allow an inventor a fixed time to profit from some new
innovation or discovery while also encouraging the inventor to
disclose the development behind the patent. Before patents, inventors
would try to keep discoveries secret to profit from them and thus
impede scientific progress. In some extreme cases, the inventor died
before disclosing the discovery, losing it indefinitely.In recent years, there has been a shift in patent activity to
the granting of patents in computing. Firms and individuals are
applying for (and receiving) patents on software and algorithms at an
astonishing rate. Despite the wording of the Constitution and laws on
patents, the Patent Office is continuing to award patents on obvious
ideas, trivial advances, and pure algorithms. In the middle of 1995,
they effectively granted patent protection to a prime number as
well![221] Paradoxically, this shift is itself discouraging some
scientific progress because it means that the development and use of
these algorithms (or prime numbers) is regulated by law.The danger comes when you write some new code that involves an algorithm you read about or simply developed based on obvious prior work. You may discover, when you try to use your program in a wider market, that lawyers from a large corporation will tell you that you cannot use “their” algorithm in your code because ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial