https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/ch14s03.html#websec2-CHP-14-SECT-3.6.2
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
Protecting Your DataThere is a strong overlap between the physical security
of your computer systems and the privacy and integrity of your data.
After all, if somebody steals your computer, they probably have your
data. Unfortunately, there are many attacks on your data that may
circumvent the physical measures mentioned in earlier sections.This section explores several different types of attacks on data
and discusses approaches for protecting against these attacks. It
recapitulates some advice given elsewhere in the book in a slightly
different manner.EavesdroppingElectronic
eavesdropping is perhaps the
most sinister type of data piracy. Even with modest equipment, an
eavesdropper can make a complete transcript of a victim’s
actions—every keystroke and every piece of information viewed on a
screen or sent to a printer. The victim, meanwhile, usually knows
nothing of the attacker’s presence and blithely goes about his or
her work, revealing not only sensitive information, but the
passwords and procedures necessary for obtaining even more
information.In many cases, you cannot possibly know if you’re being
monitored. Sometimes you will learn of an eavesdropper’s presence
when the attacker attempts to make use of the information obtained:
often you cannot prevent significant damage at that point. With care
and vigilance, however, you can significantly decrease the risk of
being monitored.Encryption provides significant protection against eavesdropping. Thus, in many cases, it makes ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial