https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/co02.html
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
ColophonOur look is the result of reader comments, our own experimentation,
and feedback from distribution channels. Distinctive covers complement our
distinctive approach to technical topics, breathing personality and life
into potentially dry subjects.The animal on the cover of Web Security, Privacy &
Commerce, Second Edition is a whale shark. Sharks have lived
on the Earth for over 300 million years, and populate all the oceans of
the world (as well as some freshwater lakes and rivers). They are related
to skates and rays, differing from ordinary bony fish in having a
cartilaginous skeleton that makes their bodies unusually flexible. Unlike
bony fish, sharks give birth to live young, in small litters.A common misconception about sharks is that they need to keep
swimming at all times. While they do need to move their fins constantly in
order to stay afloat, many species of sharks like to rest on the bottom of
the ocean floor.Sharks make excellent predators because of their well-developed
sensory system (not to mention their big, sharp teeth). They have
excellent eyesight and an unusually keen sense of smell; they are known to
be able to locate prey from a single drop of blood. Sharks can also sense
electrical currents in the water indicating the presence of other fish.
They retain several rows of teeth, which roll outward to replace those
that are lost.The whale shark, on the other hand, is a kinder, gentler shark.
Whale sharks (Rhinocodon typus) have a large flat head, a wide ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial