https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/ch09s05.html
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
Identity TheftIn 1991, a car salesman from Orlando, Florida named
Steven Shaw obtained the credit report for a journalist in Washington
named, coincidently enough, Stephen Shaw. For Steven Shaw, getting
Stephen Shaw’s credit report was easier than you might think: for
years, the consumer reporting firm Equifax had aggressively marketed
its credit reporting service to car dealers. The service lets
salespeople weed out the Sunday window-shoppers from the serious
prospects by asking for a customer’s name and then surreptitiously
disappearing into the back room and running a quick credit check. In
all likelihood, the Shaw in Florida had simply gone fishing for
someone with a similar-sounding name and a good credit history.Once Steven Shaw in Florida had Stephen Shaw’s Social Security
number and credit report, he had everything he needed to steal the
journalist’s identity. Besides stating that Stephen Shaw had excellent
credit, the report listed his current and previous addresses, his
mother’s maiden name, and the account numbers of all of his major
credit cards. Jackpot!“He used my information to open 35 accounts and racked up
$100,000 worth of charges,” says Stephen Shaw. “He tagged me for
everything under the sun—car loans, personal loans, bank accounts,
stereos, furniture, appliances, clothes, airline tickets.”Because all the accounts were opened using Stephen Shaw’s name and Social Security number, all of the businesses held the Washington-based Stephen Shaw liable for the money ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial