https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/ch09s04.html#websec2-CHP-9-SECT-4.2
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
Avoiding Spam and Junk EmailUnwanted electronic mail is the number one consumer
complaint on the Internet today. A 1999 study by BrightMail, a company that develops antispam technology,
found that 84 percent of Internet users had received spam; 42 percent
loathed the time it takes to handle spam; 30 percent found it to be a
“significant invasion of privacy;” 15 percent found it offensive; and
ISPs suffered account churn rates as high as 7.2 percent as a direct
result of spam.Protect Your Email AddressTo send you junk mail, a spammer must have your email
address. By understanding how spammers get email addresses, you can
keep your mailbox relatively spam-free:Don’t put your email address on your home pageOne place that spammers get their email addresses is
from web crawlers that search the Internet for email
addresses. These email addresses are then sorted, indexed,
compiled onto CD-ROMs, and sold. The easiest way you can keep
your email address from being put into these collections is to
avoid putting your email address on a web page.Take your name out of online directoriesAnother source of email addresses that spammers use are online directories operated by organizations like AOL, BigFoot, and Yahoo. Although these organizations all try to fight spammers and prohibit spammers from using their directories to collect email addresses, invariably online directories are used for precisely this purpose. You can avoid a lot of spam by simply asking that your email address be unlisted. ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial