https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/ch06s02.html#websec2-CHP-6-SECT-2.3.2
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
Using Public Keys for Identification The identification and authentication techniques
mentioned in the first part of this chapter all share a common flaw:
to reliably identify an individual, that person must be in the
presence of the person or computer that is performing the
identification. If the person is not present—if the identification is
being performed by telephone, by fax, or over the Internet—then there
is high potential for fraud or abuse because of replay attacks.Replay AttacksTo understand replay attacks, consider the case of a computer that
verifies its user’s identity with a fingerprint scanner. Under ideal
conditions, a person sits down at the computer, presses his thumb to
the scanner, and the computer verifies his identity. But consider
the case shown in Figure
6-5, in which one computer acquires the fingerprint and
another performs the verification. In this case, it is possible for
an attacker to intercept the code for the digitized fingerprint as
it moves over the network. Once the attacker has the fingerprint
transmission, the attacker can use it to impersonate the
victim.Figure 6-5. When a biometric verification is performed remotely over a
computer network, the identification can be compromised by replay
attacks (by tampering with the computer or software that measures
the biometric).Replay attacks aren’t a problem for biometrics alone: they represent a fundamental ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial