https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/ch02s03.html#websec2-CHP-2-SECT-3.5
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
Who Owns the Internet?Now that we’ve seen how the underlying Internet technology
works, the next logical question to ask is, “Who do you complain to
when the Internet stops working?” Another way of asking this question
is, “Who runs the Internet?” And who owns it?The Internet is a large, distributed network operated by
millions of individuals and organizations. As such, it doesn’t have a
single owner—it has many of them. When your computer is connected to
the Internet it literally becomes part of the network, so in a very
real sense you are one of the Internet’s owners. But don’t get carried
away: you only own a very small part.Let’s look at the various other “owners” of the Internet.Your Local Internet Service ProviderThere are many ways that you can connect to the Internet. You
can use a dial-up modem, a DSL line, an ISDN connection, a cable
modem, or even a wireless link through your cellular phone. But no
matter what sort of digital pipe you use to make the connection, at
the other end of the pipe there needs to be a computer that receives
your packets and routes them to other computers on the
network.The organization that operates the equipment on the other side
of your Internet connection is referred to as an Internet service provider (ISP). The first ISPs were
universities and research labs. They provided Internet service for
their employees, students, affiliates, and frequently friends and
family of the system operators.Over the past two decades, the world of ISPs has been ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial