https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/ch21.html
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
Chapter 21. Client-Side Digital CertificatesIn the previous chapter, we looked at the use of digital
certificates by organizations. In this chapter, we’ll look at how
digital certificates can certify the identity of individuals. We’ll also
walk through the VeriSign Digital ID Center, the first certification
authority to offer public services on the Web.Client Certificates A client certificate
is a digital certificate designed to certify the
identity of an individual. As with certificates for web sites, client
certificates bind a particular name to a particular secret key. They
are issued by certification authorities. Client certificates have many
uses and benefits:Digital certificates can eliminate the need to remember
usernames and passwords. You simply sign your digital signature
whenever you enter a restricted space (provided that the server
accepts your digital signature).Instead of deploying a large distributed database,
organizations can simply use an authorization digital certificate
issued by a particular CA as proof that the individual is
authorized to access the resource. (Many organizations use the
existence of a valid certificate from a CA as authorization in
itself. This works, but it is costly because you then need a
different CA for every service that you wish to be able to
authorize separately.)Because authenticating your identity with a digital certificate requires access to a secret key, it is harder for groups of individuals to share a single digital ID than ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial