https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/ch15s06.html#websec2-CHP-15-SECT-6.3
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
Firewalls and the WebIn the world of fire prevention and control, a
firewall
is a barrier that is designed to prevent the spread of
fire from one area to another. Firewalls in buildings are typically
thick brick affairs, with only a few openings for doors that
automatically close when the fire alarm gets set off. In a car,
firewalls are designed to protect the occupants from engine fires.
Overall, the fundamental guiding principle is that a firewall does not
prevent fires, but instead merely contains the fire and gives people
time to escape.In the world of the Internet, the term
firewall is taken to mean some kind of filter
or barrier that affects the Internet traffic passed between two
networks. Firewalls are often used as a perimeter defense, making it
possible for an organization to decide which protocols it will
exchange with the outside world. Firewalls can also be used to block
access to particular sites on the Internet—for example, to prevent
employees from downloading information from servers that are on a
blacklist of pornographic sites.One problem with firewalls is that organizations tend to adopt laxer internal security controls once a firewall is deployed. After all, the thinking goes, if a firewall is deployed and is keeping out the bad guys, why bother with internal controls such as encryption and passwords? The problem with this thinking is that it overlooks the fact that many attacks come from trusted insiders—according to the FBI, organizations should assume that ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial