https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/ch06s03.html#websec2-CHP-6-SECT-3.1.4
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
Real-World Public Key ExamplesIn this section, we’ll explore how two systems use public key cryptography to authenticate identity: PGP,
an offline system that uses public keys to prove authorship of
electronic documents; and SSH, an online system that uses public keys
to authenticate the identity of interactive users and remote
systems.Document Author Identification Using PGP
If you get an email message, how do you know who it is
really from? Today’s email programs allow users to enter any “From:”
address that they wish, so how do you know that a message is really
from the person listed in the message header? Email messages can
travel through many different computers and be repeatedly forwarded,
so how do you know that the message you are reading hasn’t been
altered since it was originally sent?The underlying infrastructure of the Internet doesn’t provide
any mechanism for verifying the authorship of email messages. It’s
all too easy to claim you are somebody—or something—you aren’t. It’s
this reality that was behind Peter Steiner’s cartoon in the July 5,
1993 issue of The New Yorker, which portrayed
two dogs in front of a computer; one says to the other, “On the
Internet, nobody knows you’re a dog.”But while it is possible to anonymously post messages and claim to be something that you aren’t in the online world, it is also possible to establish your identity, and authenticate your authorship of documents and email messages that you create. One of the best ways to do this is ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial