https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/pr01s05.html#websec2-PREF-SECT-5.2
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
History and AcknowledgmentsIn June 1991, O’Reilly & Associates published our first book,
Practical Unix Security. The book was 450 pages and
contained state-of-the-art information on securing Unix computers on the
Internet. Five years later, we published the revised edition of our
book, now entitled Practical Unix & Internet Security. During the intervening years, the field of computer
security had grown substantially. Not surprisingly, so had our page
count. The new volume was 1000 pages long.In 1996, our editor Debby Russell suggested that we create a
revised version of Practical Unix & Internet Security that was aimed at the growing community of web users
and service providers. But because the book was already so long, we
decided to write a new book that would focus on SSL encryption,
client-side digital signature certificates, and special issues
pertaining to electronic commerce. That book, Web Security and Commerce, was published in 1997.In the spring of 2000, Debby approached us again, asking if we
would like to rewrite either of the security books. We looked them over
and started on this project. Originally we thought that we would simply
remove the material from Web Security and Commerce
that was no longer relevant—alternatives that had been rejected by the
marketplace. And certainly, some screen shots and configuration
information needed to be revised. But as we looked more deeply at the
project, we realized that a total rewrite and a significant expansion of
the book was required. The result of that complete rewrite is this
second edition.Second EditionFor help in creating this second edition of the book, we wish to
offer our special thanks to:Aaron Goldfeder at Microsoft. Over more than six months,
Aaron proved to be a godsend, able to find out the answers to all
sorts of questions having to do with Internet Explorer, Internet
Information Services, Authenticode, and even VeriSign. Many errors
were headed off at the pass by Aaron’s gracious responses to our
email. And thanks to Charles Fitzgerald for putting us in touch
with Stephen Purpura, who put us in touch with Aaron!Andy Cervantes and the Privacy Foundation, who provided us
with information regarding hostile browser helpers.Ann Wiles and CardWeb.com, who provided us with information
about credit card fraud.Aaron S. Cope at Vineyard.NET, who provided all-around
question-answering and web-searching capabilities.Bert-Jaap Koops, who answered questions about his Crypto Law
Survey and allowed us to reprint its findings.Bradford Biddle, now at Intel, who answered many questions
about PKI and public key issues and provided us with material for
Chapter 7.Christopher D. Hunter, who provided information about online
privacy issues.D.A. Smith at Sandstorm Enterprises, whose constant reading
and summarization of Bugtraq and other mailing lists saved the
authors a tremendous amount of time.David Flanagan, who answered questions on JavaScript
security.Elisabeth Cohen, formerly at Merrit Group, VeriSign’s PR
agency, who helped set up an interview that proved useful.Eric Pollard at Earthlink, who put us in touch with one of
our reviewers, Lisa Hoyt.Karl Auerbach at ICANN, who provided needed details
regarding the organization’s formation.Jane Winn, who answered many questions about digital
signatures and wrote a terrific article about E-SIGN.Jeff Morrow of Switch and Data, which provided us with a
photograph of their Internet data center.Jeff Ubois at Omniva Policy Systems, who sent us many
messages that self-destructed.Joe Chou at Sun and the Mozilla project, who verified for us
that JavaScripts downloaded by SSL are not treated as signed
JavaScripts (despite claims to the contrary in the documentation).
Also thanks to George Drapeau at Sun and Norris Boyd at ATG, and
John Gable at Netscape, who worked on the same issue.John Lambert at Microsoft, who found out for us the process
for getting a root certificate bundled into Microsoft Internet
Explorer.Kevin Fu at MIT, whose knowledge of cookies and cryptography
proved invaluable.Lorrie Cranor, who answered all things relating to P3P, and
even wrote our appendix on the subject.Michael Baum, who took time out of his busy flying schedule
to answer some questions about digital signatures and the
law.Michael Froomkin, who answered questions about digital
signatures and put us in touch with Jane Winn.Mitchell Stoltz, who answered even more questions about
signed JavaScripts in Netscape 6.Shaun Clowes for providing very helpful information on PHP
security.Stephen Wu of VeriSign, who caught and helped us to correct
many inaccurate statements regarding his company.Trista Haugen at Surety, who answered questions about the
company’s current offerings.Veronica at Lycos.com’s Product Support Analysis Team, who
really tried to find out for us what HotBot’s cookies do, but
ended up simply telling us how to disable cookies in our
browser.This book was reviewed by Norris Boyd at ATG, Carl Ellison at
Intel, Kevin Fu at MIT, Lisa Hoyt at Earthlink, Reuven Lerner, Radia
Perlman at Sun Microsystems, Mitch Stoltz at Netscape, Rich Wellner,
and Stephen Wu at VeriSign. Many thanks to all of you.Our editor Debby Russell did yet another fabulous job editing
this book. Rob Romano created illustrations that helped convey some of
the more difficult ideas. Many thanks to Colleen Gorman, the
production editor for this book; Edie Freedman and Ellie Volckhausen,
who designed the front cover; Emma Colby, who designed the back cover,
David Futato, who designed the interior format; Audrey Doyle, the
copyeditor; Mary Brady, Phil Dangler, Maureen Dempsey, Derek Di
Matteo, Catherine Morris, and Edie Shapiro, who entered edits; and
John Bickelhaupt, who indexed the book.First EditionWe want to reiterate our thanks to the people who helped us in
creating the original edition of Web Security & Commerce. We received help from many people in the computer
industry, including:[14]At Consensus, Christopher Allen and Tim Dierks reviewed our
chapters on SSL.At Cybercash, Carl Ellison sent us many email messages about
the role and usefulness of certificates.At First Virtual, Marshall Rose and Lee Stein gave us lots
of juicy information about what they were doing.At JavaSoft, David Brownell answered many questions
regarding Java and Java’s interaction with digital
signatures.At Microsoft, we had tremendous help from Charles
Fitzgerald, Barbara Fox, Rick Johnson, Thomas Reardon, and Michael
Toutonghi, who spent a great number of days and nights acquainting
us with the issues of SET, Java, JavaScript, and ActiveX
security.At Netscape, Frank Chen, Eric Greenberg, Jeff Treuhaft, and
Tom Weinstein provided us with many technical insights.At VeriSign, Michael Baum, Gina Jorasch, Kelly M. Ryan, Arn
Schaeffer, Stratton Sclavos, and Peter Williams were very patient,
answering many questions.At the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C), Paul Resnick
reviewed the chapter on PICS and made several helpful
suggestions.Adam Cain at UIUC provided interesting timing information about
SSL for the SSL chapter. Brad Wood from Sandia National Labs gave us
excellent comments about the role of encryption in securing web
servers. John Guinasso at Netcom gave us interesting insights into the
human problems facing ISPs. Mark Shuttleworth at Thawte and Sameer
Parekh at Community ConneXion told us more about web servers and
dealing with VeriSign than we ever imagined we might need to know.
Nessa Feddis at the American Banker’s Association straightened us out
about many banking regulations. Eric Young, the author of SSLeay,
answered many questions about his program and other aspects of SSL.
Jon Orwant looked over the Perl code and answered questions for
us.We would like to thank our reviewers, who made this a better
book by scanning the draft text for inaccuracies and confusions.
Special thanks are due to Michael Baum, David Brownell, Carl Ellison,
Barbara Fox, Lamont Granquist, Eric Greenberg, John Guinasso, Peter
Neumann, Marshall Rose, Lincoln Stein, Ilane Marie Walberg, Dan
Wallach, and David Waitzman. Special thanks to Kevin Dowd, who
provided information on Windows NT host security, to Bradford Biddle,
who gave us permission to include digital signature policy
information, and to Bert-Jaap Koops, who let us use his
table on export restrictions.
[14] The companies and organizational affiliations listed here
were accurate as of the writing of the first edition; many of
these companies may no longer exist, and most of these people have
moved on to other opportunities.
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial