https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/ch16s06.html
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
Writing Scripts That Run with Additional Privileges
Many scripts need to run with user permissions different
from those of the web server itself. On a Unix computer, the easiest
way to do this is to make the script SUID or SGID. By doing this, the
script runs with the permissions of the owner of the file, rather than
those of the web server itself. On Macintosh, DOS, and Windows 95
systems, there is no such choice—scripts run with the same privileges
and can access everything on the system.Unfortunately, programs that run with additional privileges
traditionally have been a source of security problems. This list of
suggestions is based on those problems and specially tailored for the
problems faced by the web developer:Avoid using the superuser (SUID root or SGID
wheel) unless it is vital that your program
perform actions that can only be performed by the superuser. For
example, you will need to use SUID root if you want your program
to modify system databases such as
/etc/passwd. But if you merely wish to have
the program access a restricted database of your own creation,
create a special Unix user for that application and have your
scripts SUID to that user.If your program needs to perform some functions as superuser
but generally does not require SUID permissions, consider putting
the SUID part in a different program and constructing a carefully
controlled and monitored interface between the two.If you need SUID or SGID permissions, use them for their intended purpose as early ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial