https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/ch09.html
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
Chapter 9. Privacy-Protecting TechniquesIn the last chapter, we saw that there are many ways to
collect personal information on the Internet. In this chapter, we’ll
look at some proven techniques to protect your privacy when you use the
Internet. Most of these techniques are simple, common-sense rules that
you can put into effect immediately—choosing a good service provider,
using good passwords, cleaning up after yourself online, avoiding spam
and junk email, and protecting yourself from identity theft. Then, in
Chapter 10, we’ll see how to
extend these techniques using a variety of free and commercial programs
and services. Finally, if you are interested in understanding the legal
framework regarding personal information, see Chapter 24.Choosing a Good Service ProviderThe first and most important technique for protecting
your privacy is to pick service providers who respect your
privacy.Here are some things to consider when you choose an
ISP:Unless you take special measures to obscure the content and
destinations of your Internet usage, your ISP can monitor every
single web page that you visit, every email message that you send,
every email message that you receive, and many other things about
your Internet usage.If you have a dialup ISP, your ISP can also infer when you
are at home, when you go on vacation, and other aspects of your
schedule.If you check your email from work, your ISP can learn where
you work.Many ISPs routinely monitor the actions of their subscribers for the ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial