https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/ch24s03.html
P3P - Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition [Book]
Skip to main content
Sign In
Try Now
Teams
Individuals
Features
Certifications
Interactive learning
Live online sessions
What’s New
O’Reilly for marketers
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
P3PThe World Wide Web Consortium’s Platform for Privacy
Preferences Project (P3P) provides a standard way for web sites to
communicate about their practices regarding the collection, use, and
distribution of personal information. This section provides a brief
introduction to P3P, and Figure
24-3 illustrates the P3P process; Appendix C contains more detailed
technical information about the protocol.Figure 24-3. How P3P worksP3P and PICSP3P is an outgrowth of the W3C’s earlier work on its web site
rating and filtering technology, PICS (see Chapter 23). The idea behind PICS
was that web sites would be rated regarding their content, web
browsers would download these ratings, and parents could program
their children’s computers so that web pages that violated the
parent’s standards would not be displayed.The P3P system supports many of these concepts. Instead of using the formalisms of PICS to rate their adult content, web sites and online services use the formalisms of P3P to describe their policies regarding data collection and use. These descriptions can be downloaded from the web site to the browser when the web pages are viewed. If the web site’s policies do not agree with the policies identified by the user, the browser can either warn the user or disable certain functionality. For example, a web browser could be programmed to discard any cookies from a web site that claims to use ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
About O’Reilly
Teach/write/train
Careers
Community partners
Affiliate program
Diversity
Support
Contact us
Newsletters
Privacy policy
facebook-logo
linkedin-logo
youtube-logo
Download the O’Reilly App
Take O’Reilly online learning with you and learn anywhere, anytime on your phone and tablet.
Get unlimited access to books, videos, and live training.
Sync all your devices and never lose your place.
Learn even when there’s no signal with offline access.
Do not sell my personal information
Exercise your consumer rights by contacting us at donotsell@oreilly.com.
© 2020, O’Reilly Media, Inc. All trademarks and registered trademarks appearing on oreilly.com are the property of their respective owners.
Terms of service • Privacy policy • Editorial independence