https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/ch20s02.html
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
Controlling Access with ApacheOne of the most common ways to restrict access to
web-based information is to protect it using usernames and passwords.
Although different servers support many different ways of
password-protecting web information, one of the most common techniques
is with the <Limit> server configuration directive present in
the Apache web server.Using <Limit>, you can control which files on your web
server can be accessed and by whom. The
Apache server gives you two locations where you can
place your access control information:You can place the restrictions for any given directory (and
all of its subdirectories) in a special file located in that
directory. Traditionally the name of this file is .htaccess, although you can change the
name in the server’s configuration file.Alternatively, you can place all of the access control
restrictions in a single configuration file. The Apache server
allows you to place access control information in the server’s
single httpd.conf
file.Whether you choose to use many access files or a single file is
up to you. It is certainly more convenient to have a file in each
directory. It also makes it easier to move directories within your web
server, as you do not need to update the master access control file.
Furthermore, you do not need to restart your server whenever you make
a change to the access control list—the server will notice that there
is a new .htaccess
file and behave appropriately.On the other hand, having an access file ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial