https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/ch13s03.html
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
Flash and ShockwaveMacromedia’s Flash and Shockwave plug-ins offer yet another form of rich media
for many web designers. Both of these systems are designed to allow
web designers to create complex animations that can interact with the
user. Programs written in Flash and Shockwave can display graphics,
read the mouse, have the user fill out forms, and control the web
browser.Conceptually, Flash and Shockwave are similar to Java in that
these systems use bytecode that is downloaded from the web site to the
computer and run with a special plug-in or “player.” Their security is
supposed to come from the fact that there is a limited repertoire of
commands available to Flash and Shockwave programs. Unfortunately, the
security is somewhat compromised by the lack of peer review for these
proprietary products.Consider the
Macromedia Shockwave plug-in. In January 1997, Simson learned that the Shockwave plug-in contained instructions for reading and writing directly to the filesystems of the computer on which the web browser is running. This would seem to be a security problem. So Simson contacted Macromedia, spoke with an engineer, and was told that the Shockwave plug-in could only read and write to files stored in a particular directory in the Shockwave folder. The engineer said that Macromedia had been very careful to ensure that the plug-in could read and write to no other files on the system. The engineer further said that there was no way to use the system to store executable files. ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial