https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/ch17s02.html#websec2-CHP-17-SECT-2.5.2
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
Creating SSL Servers with FreeBSD In this section, we demonstrate how to install and
configure the Apache web server with mod_ssl on the FreeBSD operating
system.HistoryThe history of the Apache web server is well documented and will only
briefly be recounted here. Basically, Tim Berners-Lee wrote the original web server while on
staff at CERN. Rob McCool at the National Center for Supercomputing
Applications wrote a web server that implemented the same HTTP
protocol; the server was called NCSA httpd. By
the time that McCool left NCSA in 1994, that server had become the
most popular web server on the Internet, and at that point the
project stalled. A group of webmasters got together and decided to
resurrect the project. They took a number of patches and
improvements and created the first release of the Apache (“a
patchy”) web server in April 1995.When the first Apache web server was released, it did not
implement Netscape’s Secure Sockets Layer encryption system. This
technical restriction came about because of two legal
restrictions—intellectual property law and export control law. From
an intellectual property perspective, the SSL protocol required the
use of the
RSA public key algorithm, which was protected by
patent, and the RC2 or RC4 algorithms, which RSA claimed were
protected by trade secret, even though the two algorithms had been
reverse-engineered and posted to the Internet.And even if an implementation of SSL was created that did not infringe upon the RSA property ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial