https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/ch04.html
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
Chapter 4. Cryptography and the WebWhen you get right down to it, the Internet is an unsecure communications system. While the
Internet was designed to be efficient and robust, it was not designed to
be inherently secure. The Internet’s original security was provided by
simple access control: only trustworthy military installations,
corporations, and schools were allowed to have access. At each of those
organizations, only trustworthy individuals were allowed to have
accounts. In theory, people who abused the network lost their
access.The idea of using access control to ensure security failed almost
immediately. In December 1973, Robert Metcalfe noted that high school students had gained
access to the Internet using stolen passwords; two computers had crashed
under suspicious circumstances. In RFC 602 (reprinted on the following page) Metcalfe
identified three key problems on the network of his day: sites were not
secure against remote access; unauthorized people were using the
network; and some ruffians were breaking into computers (and
occasionally crashing those machines) simply for the fun of it.Today, the Internet’s overall security posture has changed
significantly. As we saw in Chapter
2, the simple act of browsing a web page on a remote computer can
involve sending packets of information to and receiving them from more
than a dozen different computers operated by just as many different
organizations. The division of responsibility among multiple
organizations makes it possible for each of these organizations—and many
more—to eavesdrop on your communications, or even to disrupt
them.Yet in many ways, today’s Internet is more secure than the early
network of the 1970s and 1980s. The reason is the widespread and growing
use of cryptography.RFC 602Arpa Network Working Group Bob Metcalfe (PARC-MAXC)Request for
Comments: 602 Dec 1973 NIC #21021“The Stockings Were Hung by the Chimney with
Care”The ARPA Computer Network is susceptible to security violations
for at least the three following reasons:Individual sites, used to physical limitations on machine
access, have not yet taken sufficient precautions toward securing
their systems against unauthorized remote use. For example, many
people still use passwords which are easy to guess: their first
names, their initials, their host name spelled backwards, a string
of characters which are easy to type in sequence (e.g.,
ZXCVBNM).The TIP[49] allows access to the ARPANET to a much wider
audience than is thought or intended. TIP phone numbers are
posted, like those scribbled hastily on the walls of phone booths
and men’s rooms. The TIP requires no user identification before
giving service. Thus, many people, including those who used to
spend their time ripping off Ma Bell, get access to our stockings
in a most anonymous way.There is lingering affection for the challenge of breaking
someone’s system. This affection lingers despite the fact that
everyone knows that it’s easy to break systems—even easier to
crash them.All of this would be quite humorous and cause for raucous eye
winking and elbow nudging if it weren’t for the fact that in recent
weeks at least two major serving hosts were crashed under suspicious
circumstances by people who knew what they were risking; on yet a
third system, the system wheel password was compromised—by two high
school students in Los Angeles, no less.[50]We suspect that the number of dangerous security violations is
larger than any of us know and is growing. You are advised not to sit
“in hope that Saint Nicholas would soon be there.”Cryptography and Web SecurityToday, cryptography is the fundamental technology used to
protect information as it travels over the Internet. Every day,
encryption is used to protect the content of web transactions, email,
newsgroups, chat, web conferencing, and telephone calls as they are
sent over the Internet. Without encryption any crook, thief, Internet
service provider, telephone company, hostile corporation, or
government employee who has physical access to the wires that carry
your data could eavesdrop upon its contents. With encryption, as we
discussed in Chapter 3, it is
possible to protect a message in such a way that all of the world’s
computers working in concert until the end of time would be unable to
decipher its contents.Cryptography can be used for more than scrambling messages.
Increasingly, systems that employ cryptographic techniques are used to
control access to computer systems and to sign digital messages.
Cryptographic systems have also been devised to allow the anonymous
exchange of digital money and even to facilitate fair and unforgeable
online voting.Roles for CryptographySecurity professionals have identified five different
roles that encryption can play in modern information systems. In the
interest of sharing a common terminology, each of these different
roles is identified by a specific keyword. The roles are:AuthenticationDigital signatures can be used to identify a
participant in a web transaction or the author of an email
message; people who receive a message that is signed by a
digital signature can use it to verify the identity of the
signer. Digital signatures can be used in conjunction with
passwords and biometrics (see Chapter 6) or as an alternative
to them.AuthorizationWhereas authentication is used to determine the
identity of a participant, authorization techniques are used
to determine if that individual is authorized to engage in a
particular transaction. Crytographic techniques can be used to
disbribute a list of authorized users that is all but
impossible to falsify.ConfidentialityEncryption is used to scramble information sent
over networks and stored on servers so that eavesdroppers
cannot access the data’s content. Some people call this
quality “privacy,” but most professionals reserve that word
for referring to the protection of personal information
(whether confidential or not) from aggregation and improper
use.Integrity Methods that are used to verify that a message
has not been modified while in transit. Often, this is done
with digitally signed message digest codes.NonrepudiationCryptographic receipts are created so that an
author of a message cannot realistically deny sending a
message (but see the discussion later in this section).Strictly speaking, there is some overlap among these areas.
For example, when a message is encrypted to provide confidentiality,
an unexpected byproduct is often integrity. That’s because many
encrypted messages will not decrypt if they are altered. Current
practices, however, dictate that it is better to use algorithms that
are specifically designed to assure integrity for this purpose,
rather than relying on integrity as a byproduct of other algorithms.
Using separate algorithms allows finer control of the underlying
processes. Using separate algorithms for confidentiality,
authentication, and integrity also minimizes the impact of any legal
restrictions that apply to cryptography, because these restrictions
are usually aimed at confidentiality but not other cryptographic
practices.Nonrepudiation means adding assurance mechanisms to verify the
identity and intent of the user. This is needed so the user cannot
claim, after the fact, that she did not actually conduct the
transaction. This claim may be phrased as a denial that the activity
was ever conducted, or it may be a claim that someone else was using
her account. Although nonrepudiation is often listed as one of the
advantages of public key technology, the “nonrepudiation” provided
by this technology is not true nonrepudiation. Public key technology
can prove that a certain private key was used to create a digital
signature, but it cannot prove the intent of the key’s user.“Nonrepudiation,” as the term is commonly used by
cryptographers, analysts, and even lawmakers, is simply not
possible. Even if the cryptography is perfect, the person’s computer
might be infected with a virus that causes it to behave in a manner
other than what’s intended. Smart cards and biometrics do not solve
the nonrepudiation problem either—you might insert your smart card
into a reader, thinking you are signing an electronic check to
subscribe to a magazine, only to discover that a hostile ActiveX
control has noticed the insertion and used your smart card to
authorize the transfer of $1000 out of your bank account. Or a crook
may force your signature at gunpoint. People can
always repudiate something that a computer has
done on their behalf.[49] The Terminal Interface Processor was the ARPANET’s
anonymous dialup server.[50] The wheel password is the superuser
password.
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial