https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/ch22s02.html#websec2-CHP-22-SECT-2.1
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
Microsoft’s Authenticode Technology Authenticode is a system developed by Microsoft for
digitally signing executable code. Authenticode was publicly announced
in June of 1996 as part of Microsoft’s Internet Explorer 3.0 and
ActiveX technologies. Authenticode now ships as a standard part of all
Microsoft operating systems and applications.Authenticode describes a series of file formats for signing
Microsoft 32-bit CAB, CAT, CTL, DLL, EXE, and OCX files. The
signed file contains the original unsigned file, the
digital signature, and an X.509 v3 digital certificate for the public
key needed to verify the Authenticode signature. Authenticode cannot
sign Windows COM files or 16-bit EXE files.Authenticode is closely associated with ActiveX,
Microsoft’s system for downloading programs from web pages to end user
computers. There are considerable security issues associated with
ActiveX. Authenticode was designed to mitigate these dangers by making
software publishers accountable for programs they write. (ActiveX and
the security provided by Authenticode are discussed in detail in Chapter 12.)According to Microsoft’s Authenticode documentation, organizations seeking to
obtain software publishing certificates must meet the following
criteria:IdentificationApplicants must submit their name, address, and other
material that proves their identity as corporate
representatives. Proof of identify requires either personal
presence or registered credentials.The PledgeApplicants must pledge that they ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial