https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/ch06.html#websec2-CHP-6-SECT-1.3.1
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
Chapter 6. Digital Identification I: Passwords, Biometrics, and Digital
SignaturesA variety of identification systems in use on the Web today are
designed to provide the same sort of assurance in cyberspace that they
offer in the real world. The simplest of the systems are based on
usernames and passwords; others are based on special-purpose hardware
that can measure unique distinguishing characteristics of different
human beings. Finally, there are systems that are based on cryptography,
relying on the public key cryptography techniques introduced in earlier
chapters.This chapter presents a survey of the various digital technologies
that are available to identify people on and off the Internet. Chapter 7 describes the use of digital
certificates and their use in the public key infrastructure
(PKI).Physical IdentificationFly to San Francisco International Airport, flash two pieces of
plastic, and you can drive away with a brand new car worth more than
$20,000. The only assurance the car rental agency has that you will
return its automobile is your word—and the knowledge that if you break
your word, they can destroy your credit rating and possibly have you
thrown in jail.Your word wouldn’t mean much to the rental agency if they didn’t know who you are. It’s your driver’s license and credit card, combined with a worldwide computer network, that allows the rental agency to determine in seconds if your credit card has been reported stolen, and that gives the firm and its insurance ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial