https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/ch26s03.html
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
TrademarksTrademarks
are defined by federal law to be any word, name,
symbol, color, sound, product shape, or device, or any combination of
these that is adopted and used by a manufacturer or merchant to
identify goods and distinguish them from those made or sold by anyone
else.[223] Service marks are a related
concept applying to services as opposed to products; for example,
“American Express” is a service mark distinguishing a service rather
than a particular product. Traditionally, trademarks were intended to
help protect a vendor from imitators confusing customers in a
geographic region.[224] Trademarks also help provide a protection against fraud:
if someone markets counterfeit goods using a trademark, the trademark
holder has some legal recourse. Now that we are involved with
multinational corporations doing business on the global Internet,
trademarks have become more important as geographical limitations have
waned.Obtaining a TrademarkTrademarks have some similarities to patents and
copyrights. Establishing one involves four basic steps:Pick your trademark and establish it in commerce or trade.
Trademarks must be based on established use in the
marketplace—you cannot think up interesting names for trademarks
and “hoard” them for later use or sale. Instead, you need to
have an established and ongoing use of the trademark in the
marketplace.Simple use of the trademark establishes it, similar to the way that a copyright is established for text once it is in fixed form. However, ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial