https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/ch16s05.html#websec2-CHP-16-SECT-5.5.1
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
Using PHP SecurelyPHP is a widely used and loved server-side scripting language
for building web pages. Originally called Personal Home Page, and then
PHP3, PHP now stands for PHP Hypertext Preprocessor. The web site for
PHP development is http://www.php.org/
. PHP is an official project of The Apache
Foundation.[176]Introduction to PHPAlthough originally developed under Unix with the Apache web
server, PHP now runs on Unix and Windows and with both Apache and
Microsoft’s IIS. Some of the key advantages of PHP include:It is easy to use and very fast. Even though PHP scripts
are interpreted at runtime, the interpreter is built into the
web server. As a result, PHP pages can run significantly faster
(more than 10 times faster is not uncommon) than the equivalent
Perl/CGI web pages.[177]Unlike CGI scripts, PHP pages do not need to be made
“executable” or placed in special directories to run: if PHP is
enabled in the web server, all you need to do is to give an HTML
file a .php or .php3 extension and the PHP system
will automatically run.The PHP interpreter shows errors directly on the web page,
not in a log file.PHP can cache connections to the MySQL database system. As
a result, PHP pages that are fed from information in a database
can display dramatically faster than database-driven pages using
other systems.PHP is extremely powerful. Scripts written in PHP can open
files, open network connections, and execute other
programs.All of these factors combine to make PHP very popular. ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial