https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/ch12s04.html#websec2-CHP-12-SECT-4.1
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
The Risks of Downloaded CodeFred McLain’s Internet Exploder showed that an ActiveX
control can turn off your computer. But it could have done far worse
damage. Indeed, it is hard to exaggerate the attacks that could be
written and the subsequent risks of executing code downloaded from the
Internet.Programs That Spend Your Money
Increasingly, programs running computers can spend the
money of their owners. What happens when money is spent by a program
without the owner’s permission? Who is liable for the funds spent?
How can owners prevent these attacks? To answer these questions,
it’s necessary to first understand how the money is being
spent.Telephone billing recordsOne of the first recorded cases of a computer
program that could spend money on behalf of somebody else was the
pornography viewer distributed by the Sexygirls web site
(described earlier in this chapter).In this case, what made it possible for the money to be
spent was the international long distance system, which already
has provisions for billing individuals for long distance telephone
calls placed on telephone lines. Because a program running on the
computer could place a telephone call of its choosing, and because
there is a system for charging people for these calls, the program
could spend money.Although the Sexygirls pornography viewer spent money by placing international telephone calls, it could just as easily have dialed telephone numbers in the 976 exchange or the 900 area code, both of which are used for ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial