https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/ch08s03.html#websec2-CHP-8-SECT-3.3
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
Log FilesWhile information provided by users may be the most
detailed information collected, by far the most pervasive information
collection comes from the operation of the network itself. This data
is stored in log files created by network programs and devices.Log files are ubiquitous. Programmers add log files to their
programs to assist in writing and debugging. System operators leave
log files enabled so they can verify that software is working
correctly, and so they can diagnose the cause of problems when things
do not operate properly. Governments and marketers use this
information because it is an excellent source of data.Computers are extraordinarily complicated systems; few system
operators are aware of all the log files that their computers create.
Many times, a system operator will firmly assert that a particular
piece of information is not being retained by their computer system,
only to discover that in fact the information is
being retained, somewhere in a log file.There is fundamentally no way for the user of a computer system
to know with certainty if a log file is being created of the user’s
activities. Many organizations that have assured users that records
were not being kept of user actions have later discovered that
activities were in fact logged. Likewise, many organizations that
assumed activities were logged have later discovered problems with the
logging system.Retention and RotationSome computer systems automatically age and discard old log files, a process ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial