https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/ch25s03.html
How to Evaluate a Credit Card Payment System - Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition [Book]
Skip to main content
Sign In
Try Now
Teams
Individuals
Features
Certifications
Interactive learning
Live online sessions
What’s New
O’Reilly for marketers
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
How to Evaluate a Credit Card Payment System There are many credit card systems being developed for
web commerce; any list here would surely be out of date before this
book appears in bookstores. Instead, we have listed some questions to
ask yourself and your vendors when trying to evaluate any payment
system:If the system stores credit card numbers on the consumer’s
computer, are they stored encrypted? They should be. Otherwise, a
person who has access to the consumer’s computer will have access
to personal, valuable, and easily abused information.If the system uses credit card numbers, are they stored on
the server? They should not be stored unless recurring charges are
expected. If the numbers are stored, they should be stored
encrypted. Otherwise, anyone who has access to the server will be
able to steal hundreds or thousands of credit card numbers at a
time.Are stored credit card numbers purged from the system after
the transaction is completed? If a transaction is not recurring,
they should be. Otherwise, a customer could be double-billed
either accidentally or intentionally by a rogue employee.Does the system test the check digit of the supplied credit
card number when the numbers are entered? It should, as it is
easier to correct data-entry errors when they are made (and,
presumably, while the customer’s card is still out), than later,
when the charges are submitted.Can the system do preauthorizations in real time? This is a feature that depends on your situation. If you ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
About O’Reilly
Teach/write/train
Careers
Community partners
Affiliate program
Diversity
Support
Contact us
Newsletters
Privacy policy
facebook-logo
linkedin-logo
youtube-logo
Download the O’Reilly App
Take O’Reilly online learning with you and learn anywhere, anytime on your phone and tablet.
Get unlimited access to books, videos, and live training.
Sync all your devices and never lose your place.
Learn even when there’s no signal with offline access.
Do not sell my personal information
Exercise your consumer rights by contacting us at donotsell@oreilly.com.
© 2020, O’Reilly Media, Inc. All trademarks and registered trademarks appearing on oreilly.com are the property of their respective owners.
Terms of service • Privacy policy • Editorial independence