https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/ch12s03.html#websec2-CHP-12-SECT-3.1
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
Microsoft’s ActiveXActiveX is a collection of technologies, protocols, and APIs
developed by Microsoft that are used for automatically downloading
executable machine code over the Internet. The code is bundled into a
single file called an ActiveX control
and the file has the extension OCX. You can think of an
ActiveX control as a self-installing plug-in.ActiveX controls are automatically downloaded when Internet
Explorer encounters a web page containing an <OBJECT> tag that
references an ActiveX control. Depending on the current setting for
Internet Explorer, these tags either are ignored or cause software to
be downloaded. If the control is downloaded (again depending on the
security setting of Internet Explorer), the control may be run
directly, or the user may be prompted as to whether the control should
or should not be run. This process is shown in Figure 12-4.Figure 12-4. Internet Explorer’s security settings determine whether
ActiveX controls will be downloaded and how they will be
run.ActiveX is an extraordinarily powerful technology. Because raw
machine code is downloaded and run, the ActiveX controls can do
anything—from displaying a new file type to upgrading your computer’s
operating system!Despite the similarities between ActiveX controls and
plug-ins, there are a few significant differences:ActiveX applets have been used for much more than plug-ins. Whereas plug-ins ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial