https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/ch19.html#websec2-CHP-19-SECT-1.1.3
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
Chapter 19. Computer CrimeIn this chapter, we focus on problems and remedies that involve
law enforcement organizations. The first part describes what
alternatives may be available to you if your site is the subject of an
electronic attack. The second part continues our litany of things that
can get you in trouble—except this time, the offenses might land you in
jail. For additional information on legal matters, see Chapter 23 and Chapter 26, which are oriented more to
web-content providers.Your Legal Options After a Break-In
If you suffer a break-in or criminal damage to your
system, you have a variety of recourses under the U.S. legal system.
This chapter cannot advise you on the many subtle aspects of the law.
There are differences between state and federal law, as well as
different laws that apply to computer systems used for different
purposes. Laws outside the U.S. vary considerably from jurisdiction to
jurisdiction; we won’t attempt to explain anything beyond the U.S.
system.[181] However, we should note that the global reach of the
Internet may bring laws to bear that have their origin outside the
U.S.Discuss your specific situation with a competent lawyer before
pursuing any legal recourse. Because there are
difficulties and dangers associated with legal approaches, you should
be sure that you want to pursue this course of action before you go
ahead.In some cases, you may have no choice; you may be required to
pursue legal action. For example:If you want to file a claim ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial