https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/ch24.html
24. Privacy Policies, Legislation, and P3P - Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition [Book]
Skip to main content
Sign In
Try Now
Teams
Individuals
Features
Certifications
Interactive learning
Live online sessions
What’s New
O’Reilly for marketers
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
Chapter 24. Privacy Policies, Legislation, and P3POnline businesses know a lot about their customers. An online
merchant knows every product that you look at, every product that you
put in your “shopping cart” but later take out, and anything that you’ve
ever purchased from them online. Online merchants also know when you
shop, if you shop from home or from work, and—if they care—what your
credit rating is. Furthermore, unlike the offline world, an online
merchant can correlate your shopping profile with your web browsing
habits.Internet service providers can learn even more about their
customers because all information that an Internet user sees must first
pass through the provider’s computers. ISPs can also determine the web
sites that their users frequent—and even the individual articles that
have been viewed. They can analyze email messages for keywords. By
tracking this information, an Internet provider can tell if its users
are interested in boats or cars, whether they care about fashion, or
even if they are interested in particular medical diseases.Policies That Protect Privacy and Privacy PoliciesWhat standards should online businesses and organizations follow
with regard to the personally identifiable information that they
gather?The Code of Fair Information PracticesHistory provides strong precedents for helping to understand the rights and responsibilities of online services and providers. These issues of personal information, computers, and large networked databases ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
About O’Reilly
Teach/write/train
Careers
Community partners
Affiliate program
Diversity
Support
Contact us
Newsletters
Privacy policy
facebook-logo
linkedin-logo
youtube-logo
Download the O’Reilly App
Take O’Reilly online learning with you and learn anywhere, anytime on your phone and tablet.
Get unlimited access to books, videos, and live training.
Sync all your devices and never lose your place.
Learn even when there’s no signal with offline access.
Do not sell my personal information
Exercise your consumer rights by contacting us at donotsell@oreilly.com.
© 2020, O’Reilly Media, Inc. All trademarks and registered trademarks appearing on oreilly.com are the property of their respective owners.
Terms of service • Privacy policy • Editorial independence