https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/ch24s02.html
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
Children’s Online Privacy Protection ActPassed by the U.S. Congress in 1998, the
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) seeks
to give parents control over how their children’s personal information
is collected and used on the Internet. Although limited in scope and
somewhat awkward to implement, COPPA has had a dramatic impact on both
the online community and the children’s software industry in
general.Prelude to RegulationSince the early 1970s, the U.S. database industry has
consistently argued against government regulation, saying that
“voluntary compliance” was cheaper, more flexible, more effective,
and ultimately more in the interest of the American public. These
arguments, combined with ample campaign contributions, have largely
prevented the U.S. Congress from adopting legislation that would
afford wholesale protections to the personal information of most
Americans. Fortunately, the same is not true when it comes to
protecting the personal information of America’s children.With the birth of the consumer Internet in the mid-1990s, many businesses and marketing firms decided to use the technology as a way to bypass parents and reach out directly to the children of America. In some cases, web sites were created directly for the purpose of extracting personal information from children—information that would later be used to solicit the children to make purchases. In other cases, children were used as an intermediary for gathering financial or demographic information ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial