https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/ch17.html#websec2-CHP-17-SECT-1.1
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
Chapter 17. Deploying SSL Server CertificatesThis chapter describes how to create and install SSL
(Secure Sockets Layer) certificates using the Open SSL implementation
and the Apache mod_ssl module on the FreeBSD
operating system. (See Chapter 5
for basic information on SSL. See Chapter
6 and Chapter 7 for
information about digital certificates.) We will also show you how to
get a certificate that is signed by the VeriSign certification
authority. The process is decribed in detail to give you a feel for how
the mechanics of the process work. However, as it is likely you will be
performing this process with different software than described here,
refer to your own documentation before beginning the procedure.Planning for Your SSL ServerTo set up a cryptographically enabled
web server, you must complete these steps:Plan your SSL installation. Why do you want to use SSL? What
protocols do you want to use with SSL? Which server will you be
using? Where will you be keeping your web server’s private key? Do
you want it to be possible for people to connect to your server
without using SSL? Make sure that you know
the answers to these questions before you proceed to avoid any
false starts.Obtain a web server that supports SSL. Most likely, you will
either download your web server over the Internet or install it
from a CD-ROM.Install the web server.Create a private/public key pair for your web server.Create your own self-signed certificate so you can test your installation and get your ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial