https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/ch14.html#websec2-CHP-14-SECT-1.1
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
Chapter 14. Physical Security for Servers
“Physical security” is almost everything that happens
before you start typing commands on the keyboard. It’s the alarm system
that calls the police department when a late-night thief tries to break
into your building. It’s the key lock on your computer’s power supply
that makes it harder for unauthorized people to turn off the machine.
It’s the locked computer room with the closed-circuit camera that
prevents unauthorized physical access to your servers and communications
infrastructure. And it’s the uninteruptable power supply and power
conditioners that help to isolate your computers from the vagaries of
the power grid.This chapter discusses basic approaches to physical security. It
is written for people who think that this type of security is of little
or no concern—unfortunately, the majority of system administrators.
Despite the fact that physical security is often overlooked, it is
extraordinarily important. You may have the best encryption and security
tools in place, and your systems may be safely hidden behind a firewall.
However, if a janitor working late at night for your cleaning service
decides to steal a laptop or server that’s been left out on a table in
somebody’s cubicle, those other fancy defenses aren’t going to be much
help.Planning for the Forgotten ThreatsSurprisingly, many organizations do not consider physical security to be of the utmost concern. As an example, one New York investment house was spending tens of ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial