https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/ch16s04.html#websec2-CHP-16-SECT-4.1
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
Rules for Programming LanguagesThis section provides rules for making programs written in
specific programming languages more secure.Rules for PerlHere are some rules to follow to make your Perl
scripts more secure:Use Perl’s
tainting features for all CGI programs. These
features are invoked by placing the “-T” option at the beginning
of your Perl script. Perl’s tainting features make it more
suited than C to CGI programming. When enabled, tainting marks
all variables that are supplied by users as “tainted.” Variables
whose values are dependent on tainted variables are themselves
tainted as well. Tainted values cannot be used to open files or
for system calls. Untainted information can only be extracted
from a tainted variable by the use of Perl’s string match
operations.The tainting feature also requires that you set the PATH
environment variable to a known “safe value” before allowing
your program to invoke the system( )
call.Remember that Perl ignores tainting for filenames that are
opened read-only. Nevertheless, be sure that you untaint all
filenames, and not simply filenames that are used for
writing.Consider using Perl’s emulation mode for handling SUID
scripts safely if you are running an older version of
Unix.Always set your program’s PATH environment variable, even
if you are not running SUID or under Unix.Be sure that the Perl interpreter and all of its libraries are installed so that they cannot be modified by anyone other than the administrator. Otherwise, a person ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial