https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/ch26s04.html#websec2-CHP-26-SECT-4.2
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
Actionable ContentComputers and networks give us great opportunities for
communicating with the world. In a matter of moments, our words can be
speeding around the world, destined for a large audience or for
someone we have never met in person. Not only is this ability
liberating and empowering, it can be very entertaining. Mailing lists,
“chat rooms,” multi-user dimensions (MUDs), newsgroups, and web pages
all provide us with news and entertainment.Libel and Defamation
Unfortunately, this same high-speed, high-bandwidth
communications medium can also be used for less than noble purposes.
Email can be sent to harass, news articles can be posted to slander,
web pages can contain defaming stories, and online chats can be used
to threaten someone with harm.In the world of paper and telephones, there are legal remedies
to harassing and demeaning communication. Some of those remedies are
already being applied to the online world. We have seen cases of
people being arrested for harassment and stalking online. People have been successfully sued for slander
in posted Usenet articles. There have also been cases filed for
violation of EEOC (Equal Employment Opportunity Commission at http://www.eeoc.gov) laws because
of repeated postings that were sexually, racially, or religiously
demeaning. Even screensavers with inappropriate images have been the
subject of litigation.Words can hurt others, sometimes quite severely. Often, words are a prelude or indicator of other potential harm, including ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial