https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/ch11s02.html#websec2-CHP-11-SECT-2.2
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
Preventing TheftComputer theft—especially laptop theft—is a growing
problem for businesses and individuals alike. The loss of a computer
system can be merely annoying or can be an expensive ordeal. But if
the computer contains information that is irreplaceable or
extraordinarily sensitive, it can be devastating.Fortunately, by following a small number of simple and
inexpensive measures, you can dramatically reduce the chance that your
laptop or desktop computer will be stolen.Understanding Computer TheftPeople steal computer systems for a wide variety of reasons.
Many computer systems are stolen for resale—either the complete
system or, in the case of sophisticated thieves, the individual
components, which are harder to trace. Other computers are stolen by
people who cannot afford to purchase their own computers. Still
others are stolen for the information that they contain, usually by
people who wish to obtain the information but sometimes by those who
simply wish to deprive the computer’s owner of the use of the
information. No matter why a computer is stolen, most computer
thefts have one common element: opportunity. In most cases,
computers are stolen because they have been left unprotected.Locks
Mobility is one of the great selling points of
laptops. It is also the key feature that leads to laptop theft. One
of the best ways to decrease the chance of having your laptop stolen
is to lock it to a desk, a pipe, or another large object.Most laptops sold today are equipped with ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial