https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/apas05.html#websec2-APP-A-SECT-5.1.4
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
Ongoing OperationsBefore Vineyard.NET, I always handled the security of my own
computer system with a few simple and reliable policies: don’t run any
services that might be unsecure; don’t give out accounts to people you
don’t know; disconnect your computer from the Internet when you are
not around. The monitoring that I did, insofar as I did any, was
haphazard.Those techniques wouldn’t work for a commercial service such as
Vineyard.NET. Instead, I needed to design and deploy a system that
could be readily maintained, defended, and scaled.Security ConcernsFrom the start, Vineyard.NET’s security was one of my primary
concerns. As the coauthor of several books on computer security, I
knew any Internet service that I was involved with might be a
target.But there were other reasons that I was concerned about
security. Vineyard.NET was a company that depended on computers that
were connected to the Internet. If these computers were broken into
and compromised, our reputation would be damaged, we would lose
customers, and we would lose time required to put our systems back
in order. We might lose so much in the way of customers, reputation,
and time, that we might even go out of business.Because of these problems, we followed a few simple rules for
our system and networks: minimize vulnerabilities and plan for
break-ins.Lesson: Don’t run programs with a history of security
problems.From the beginning, we avoided running programs that had a history of security problems. The primary offender ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial