https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/ch15s05.html#websec2-CHP-15-SECT-5.3
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
Secure Remote Access and Content UpdatingOnce you have your web server up and running, securely logged
and monitored, you will next be faced with a troubling real-world
question: how will your users update the web server’s content?In the early days of the World Wide Web, most content was
created live on web servers by programmers and developers using Unix
text editors such as emacs and
vi. These days most content is created on desktop
PCs and Macs and then uploaded to the web server. This upload is
fundamentally a file transfer operation. Unfortunately, a holdover of
the U.S. government’s two-decade war on cryptography is that the
Internet’s most common file transfer protocol, FTP, sends usernames
and passwords without first encrypting them. This makes the protocol
vulnerable to password sniffing.The Risk of Password SniffingPassword sniffing is a significant security risk on the
Internet today. Passwords sent without encryption can be intercepted
by a network monitor program and conveyed to attackers. Stolen
passwords can be used to rewrite web pages and break into other
Internet accounts. When the stolen passwords belong to system
administrators with additional security privileges, even more
serious mayhem can be wrought.Unfortunately, usernames and passwords sent unencrypted over
the Internet remain one of the most common ways of authenticating
users on the network today. Plaintext passwords are widely used by
many Internet protocols, including remote login (Telnet/rlogin), ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial