https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/ch12s02.html#websec2-CHP-12-SECT-2.1
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
Helper Applications and Plug-ins With all of these documented examples (and more) of the
damage that downloaded programs can do, why do people continue to
download and run programs? One reason is that the web sites that
people visit frequently require the downloads. Many web sites are
authored with so-called “rich media”—animations, interactive graphics,
broadcast audio, streaming video clips—that can only be viewed by
using a particular program called a helper
application or a plug-in. Although
these programs are widely used, they are not without their
risks.The History of HelpersThe original web browsers could only display a limited number
of media types, such as HTML, ASCII text, GIFs, and XBM files. When
a web server attempted to download files with an unrecognized MIME
type, the web browsers would save the file to the computer’s hard
disk and launch a registered helper application
to process the downloaded data.Helper applications proved to be a simple and clean way to extend the functionality of web browsers. When you click on a link to hear a song using RealAudio, for instance, your web browser downloads a small file and then gives this file to the RealAudio player. The file contains a pointer to another URL on the Internet from which the RealAudio player should actually download the song. Without this level of indirection, it would be necessary to either have the web browser download the entire song before playing it (as was common practice before the introduction of RealAudio), ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial