https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/ch08s02.html
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
User-Provided InformationSome of the most detailed, revealing, and damaging sources of
personal information on the Internet are Internet users themselves. If
you want to buy a t-shirt or a compact disc on the Web, you need to
give that web merchant a name and address where the merchandise will
be shipped. As the vast majority of the purchases made on the Web are
made with credit cards, you’ll probably also need to give a credit
card number. And because there is a lot of fraud on the Internet, you
probably won’t get your merchandise without a lot of hassle unless you
provide the name and the billing address for the credit card used to
pay for the order.Most web merchants go beyond the minimal information needed to
satisfy online orders. For example, a merchant might ask for your
email address and a few phone numbers, to allow the merchant to
contact you in the event of a mishap. Many merchants set up
accounts for their customers so that this
information doesn’t need to be entered time and again. These accounts
require usernames and passwords. These accounts can be used to track a
person’s purchases over time. Some merchants go further, and ask their
customers to provide the city of their birth, or their mother’s maiden
names, so that if a consumer forgets his password, another question
can be asked (see Figure
8-1 and Figure
8-2).Figure 8-1. By far, the greatest kind of personal information ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial