https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/apas06.html#websec2-APP-A-SECT-6.2
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
Redundancy and WirelessAround Vineyard.NET’s third anniversary, I started worrying
about the possibility of a fire—and what it would do to our company.
At that time, Vineyard.NET was located completely within my house, a
150-year-old wood frame building. One careless night with wine and
some candles, and the whole ISP could be history.I had heard of something called business continuity insurance,
so I called my insurance agent and asked what it was all about. He
said that I would need to prepare a description of Vineyard.NET for
the underwriters, the sort of problems that we could encounter, how
much lost revenue each month we would have, and how we would recover
after a loss. I chuckled; he was asking me for the very sort of
disaster recovery plan that we advocate in earlier chapters of this
book.Vineyard.NET’s first disaster recovery plan was pretty pathetic.
“Well, basically we would set up shop in a new building, buy all new
equipment, and have the phone company pull in new circuits,” I
explained to my insurance agent.“So you would be down for a month? How much money would you
lose?” he asked.“Well, we would probably be down for 45 days, because these
high-speed circuits can take a long time to get installed,” I said.
“But by that time, all of our customers would have left and gone
elsewhere. So it would basically wipe out the business.”I realized that we didn’t have an insurable risk. Before I could expect an insurance company to stand behind my company, we needed to improve ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial