http://learningrussian.net/privacy.php
Learning Russian .Net
Free Russian language lessons and resources
Home
Dictionary
Links & Partners
About
Privacy Policy
Here at LearningRussian.Net, we pride ourselves on providing language learning resources and community free from spam and problematic websites. We want to make your time spent on LearningRussian.Net the best Internet experience that we can. For these same reasons, we value your privacy and strive to keep as little information about you and your activities on our site as possible.
If you are a regular visitor to our site:
1.
LearningRussian.Net's servers automatically record information when you visit our website, including the URL, IP address, browser type and language, and the date and time of your request.
2.
LearningRussian.Net uses cookies and other technologies to enhance your online experience and to learn about how you use LearningRussian.Net in order to improve the quality of our services
3.
We track all searches in our system
4.
We keep your IP address on file for no more than 90 days
5.
We do not, and could not, cross-reference your searches with your IP address
6.
What does this mean? All of your searches in our system are 100% anonymous. We are never able to connect a search with a specific person.
7.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.
If you sign up for a user account to recommend links or participate in our message boards:
1.
LearningRussian.Net collects personal information when you register for a LearningRussian.Net user account or otherwise voluntarily provide such information
2.
We keep your email address on file
3.
We do not share your email address with anyone
4.
We do not contact you via your email address unless you have requested that we contact you
5.
We keep your password on an encrypted file that we do not have the ability to read
6.
We do not cross-reference your email address with our search logs
7.
What does this mean? Although your activity on our message boards and in suggesting links is tracked and tied to both your email address and your IP address, all of your searches still remain 100% anonymous.
Uses:
1.
We may use personal information to provide the services you've requested, including services that display customized content and advertising.
2.
We may also use personal information for auditing, research and analysis to operate and improve LearningRussian.Net technologies and services.
3.
We may share aggregated non-personal information with third parties outside of LearningRussian.Net.
4.
We may also share information with third parties in limited circumstances, including when complying with legal process, preventing fraud or imminent harm, and ensuring the security of our network and services.
If you have additional questions, please contact us any time: privacy@LearningRussian.Net.
Free Russian Course
Russian Grammar
Verb Conjugations
Russian Vocabulary
Russian Names
Russian Literature
Russian Dictionary
Online Translator
Russian Video
Russian Conversations
Russian Holidays
Russia Travel
Russian Language
Testimonials
"I found your interesting web site recently. I am quite impressed with what you have made available to the public. Thank you. I have been a learner of Russian for many years, but have achieved only the intermediate level. So I will continue to study and will use some material on your web site."
- Jasmin, USA
"Thank you very much for your informative web site. My family and I are trying to learn Russian so that we can communicate with the Russian children that we are trying to adopt. Your site is very helpful."
- Terry, United Kingdom
"Thank you for a great site. I enjoy it a lot. It is arranged in a logical manner, and it presents the language basics in a pleasant and clean way."
- Aki, Israel
"Only been on this site for about an hour. I have all the sounds down o_o This is a great site to start learning Russian."
- User comments
"Very good course indeed !! The best Russian website!"
- User comments
Copyright © 2008-2020 LearningRussian.net. |
Terms of Service
| Privacy Policy
| Site Map