https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/ch14s05.html#websec2-CHP-14-SECT-5.1
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
Story: A Failed Site InspectionIf you can’t be a good example, then you’ll just have to be a
horrible warning.—Catherine Aird Several years ago, a consumer-products firm with
worldwide operations invited one of the authors to a casual tour of
one of the company’s main sites. The site, located in an office park
with several large buildings, included computers for product design
and testing, and nationwide management of inventory, sales, and
customer support. It included a sophisticated, automated
voice-response system costing thousands of dollars a month to operate,
hundreds of users, and dozens of T1 (1.44 Mbits/sec) communications
lines for the corporate network, carrying both voice and data
communications.The company thought that it had reasonable security, given the
fact that it didn’t have anything serious to lose. After all, the firm
was in the consumer-products business—no government secrets or
high-stakes stock and bond trading here.What We FoundAfter a brief, three-hour inspection, the company had some
second thoughts about its security. Even without a formal site
audit, the following items were discovered during our short
visit.Fire hazardsAll of the company’s terminal and network cables were suspended from hangers above false ceilings throughout the buildings. Although smoke detectors and sprinklers were located below the false ceiling, none were located above, where the cables were located. If there were a short or an electrical fire, it could spread throughout a substantial ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial