https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/ch25.html#websec2-CHP-25-SECT-1.1
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
Chapter 25. Digital PaymentsDigital payment systems are a way to give somebody money without
simultaneously giving them gold, coins, paper, or any other tangible
item. It’s the transfer of value without the simultaneous transfer of
physical objects. It’s the ability to make a payment in bits rather than
atoms. Digital payments are not a new idea; Western Union devised
systems for wiring money by telegraph in the 19th century.[209] Banks have extensively used interbank funds transfers, and
consumers have had access to automatic teller machines (ATMs) since the
1960s. Charge cards have been around in some form or another for almost
90 years.Today credit cards are the most popular way of paying for services
or merchandise ordered over the Web, and they are likely to remain the
most popular system for quite some time. For that reason, we’ll start
this chapter with a look at the history of credit cards and see how they
are processed. Then we’ll look at some of the new digital payment
systems developed for the Internet and explore why most of them have
failed.Charga-Plates, Diners Club, and Credit Cards The Oxford English Dictionary lists
more than 20 definitions for the word credit.
Credit is belief, faith, and trust. Credit is trustworthiness. It is
reputation. It is power derived from reputation, or from a person’s
character. It is an acknowledgment of payment by making an entry into
an account. It is an amount of money at a person’s disposal in the
books of a bank:Pat deserves
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial