https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/pr01.html#websec2-PREF-SECT-1.2
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
PrefaceThe World Wide Web has changed our world. More than half the
people in the United States now use the Web on a regular basis. We use it
to read today’s news, to check tomorrow’s weather, and to search for
events that have happened in the distant past. And increasingly, the Web
is the focus of the 21st century economy. Whether it’s the purchase of a
$50 radio or the consummation of a $5 million business-to-business
transaction, the Web is where the action is. But the Web is not without its risks. Hand-in-hand with
stories of the Internet’s gold rush are constant reminders that the 21st
century Internet has all the safety and security of the U.S. Wild West of
the 1860s. Consider:In February 2000, web sites belonging to Yahoo, Buy.com,
Amazon.com, CNN, E*Trade, and others were shut down for hours, the
result of a massive coordinated attack launched simultaneously from
thousands of different computers. Although most of the sites were back
up within hours, the attacks were quite costly. Yahoo, for instance,
claimed to have lost more than a million dollars per minute in
advertising revenue during the attack.In December 1999, an attacker identifying himself as a
19-year-old Russian named “Maxim” broke into the CDUniverse web store
operated by eUniverse Inc. and copied more than 300,000 credit card
numbers. Maxim then sent a fax to eUniverse threatening to post
the stolen credit cards on the Internet if the store didn’t pay him
$100,000.[1] On December 25, when the company refused to bow to the
blackmail attack, Maxim posted more than 25,000 of the numbers on the
hacker web site "Maxus Credit Card Pipeline.”[2] This led to instances of credit card fraud and abuse.
Many of those credit card numbers were then canceled by the issuing
banks, causing inconvenience to the legitimate holders of those
cards.[3] Similar break-ins and credit card thefts that year
affected RealNames,[4] CreditCards.com, EggHead.Com, and many other
corporations.In October 2000, a student at Harvard University discovered that
he could view the names, addresses, and phone numbers of thousands of
Buy.com’s customers by simply modifying a URL that the company sent to
customers seeking to return merchandise. “This blatant disregard for
security seems pretty inexcusable,” the student, Ben Edelman, told
Wired News.[5]Attacks on the Internet aren’t only limited to e-commerce sites.
A significant number of high-profile web sites have had their pages
rewritten during attacks. Those attacked include the U.S. Department
of Justice, the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency (see Figure P-1), the U.S. Air Force,
UNICEF, and the New York Times. An archive of
more than 325 hacked home pages is online at http://www.antionline.com/.Figure 1. On September 18, 1996, a group of Swedish hackers broke into the
Central Intelligence Agency’s web site (http://www.odci.gov/) and altered the
home page, proclaiming that the Agency was the Central Stupidity
Agency.Attacks on web servers are not the only risks we face on the
electronic frontier:On August 25, 2000, a fraudulent press release was uploaded to
the computer of Internet Wire, an Internet news agency. The press
release claimed to be from Emulex Corporation, a maker of computer
hardware, and claimed that the company’s chief executive officer had
resigned and that the company would have to adjust its most recent
quarterly earnings to reflect a loss, instead of a profit. The next
morning, Emulex’s share price plunged by more than 60%: within a few
hours, the multi-billion-dollar company had lost roughly half its
value. A few days later, authorities announced the Emulex caper had
been pulled off by a single person—an ex-employee of the online news
service, who had made a profit of nearly $250,000 by selling Emulex
stock short before the release was issued.Within hours of its release on May 4, 2000, a fast-moving
computer worm called the "Love Bug” touched tens of millions of computers
throughout the Internet and caused untold damage. Written in Microsoft
Visual Basic Scripting Language (VBS), the worm was spread by people
running the Microsoft Outlook email program. When executed, the worm
would mail copies of itself to every email address in the victim’s
address book, then destroy every MP3 and JPEG file that it could
locate on the victim’s machine.A growing number of computer “worms” scan the victim’s hard disk
for Microsoft Word and Excel files. These files are infected and then
sent by email to recipients in the victim’s address book. Not only are
infections potentially started more often, but confidential documents
may be sent to inappropriate recipients.The Web doesn’t merely represent a threat for corporations. There
are cyberstalkers, who use the Web to learn personal information and
harass their victims. There are pedophiles, who start relationships with
children and lure them away from home. Even users of apparently anonymous
chat services aren’t safe: In February 1999, the defense contracting giant
Raytheon filed suit against 21 unnamed individuals who made disparaging
comments about the company on one of Yahoo’s online chat boards. Raytheon
insisted that the 21 were current employees who had leaked confidential
information; the company demanded that the Yahoo company reveal the
identities behind the email addresses. Yahoo complied in May 1999. A few
days later, Raytheon announced that four of the identified employees had
“resigned,” and the lawsuit was dropped.[6]Even using apparently “anonymous” services on the Web may jeopardize
your privacy and personal information. A study of the 21 most visited
health-related web sites on the Internet (prepared for the California
HealthCare Foundation) discovered that personal information provided at
many of the sites was being inadvertently leaked to third-parties,
including advertisers. In many cases, these data transfers were in
violation of the web sites’ own stated privacy policies.[7] A similar information leak, which sent the results of home
mortgage calculations to the Internet advertising firm DoubleClick, was
discovered on Intuit’s Quicken.com personal finance site.[8]Web Security: Is Our Luck Running Out?We have been incredibly lucky. Despite the numerous businesses,
government organizations, and individuals that have found danger lurking
on the Web, there have been remarkably few large-scale electronic
attacks on the systems that make up the Web. Despite the fact that
credit card numbers are not properly protected, there is surprisingly
little traffic in stolen financial information. We are vulnerable, yet
the sky hasn’t fallen.Today most Net-based attackers seem to be satisfied with the
publicity that their assaults generate. Although there have been online
criminal heists, there are so few that they still make the news.
Security is weak, but the vast majority of Internet users still play by
the rules.Likewise, attackers have been quite limited in their aims. To the
best of our knowledge, there have been no large-scale attempts to
permanently crash the Internet or to undermine fundamental trust in
society, the Internet, or specific corporations. The New York
Times had its web site hacked, but the attackers didn’t
plant false stories into the newspaper’s web pages. Millions of credit
card numbers have been stolen by hackers, but there are few cases in
which these numbers have been directly used to commit large-scale credit
fraud.Indeed, despite the public humiliation resulting from the
well-publicized Internet break-ins, none of the victimized organizations
have suffered lasting harm. The Central Intelligence Agency, the U.S.
Air Force, and UNICEF all still operate web servers, even though all of
these organizations have suffered embarrassing break-ins. Even better,
none of these organizations actually lost sensitive information as a
result of the break-ins, because that information was stored on
different machines. A few days after each organization’s incident, their
servers were up and running again—this time, we hope, with the security
problems fixed.The same can be said of the dozens of security holes and design
flaws that have been reported with Microsoft’s Internet Explorer and
Netscape Navigator. Despite attacks that could have allowed the operator
of some “rogue web site” to read any file from some victim’s computer—or
even worse, to execute arbitrary code on that machine—surprisingly few
scams or attacks make use of these failings.[9] This is true despite the fact that the majority of
Internet users do not download the security patches and fixes that
vendors make available.Beyond the Point of No ReturnIn the world of security it is often difficult to tell the
difference between actual threats and hype. There were more than 200
years of commerce in North America before Allan Pinkerton started his
detective and security agency in 1850,[10] and another nine years more before Perry Brink started
his armored car service.[11] It took a while for the crooks to realize that there was
a lot of unprotected money floating around.The same is true on the Internet, but with each passing year we
are witnessing larger and larger crimes. It used to be that hackers
simply defaced web sites; then they started stealing credit card
numbers and demanding ransom; in December 2000, a report by MSNBC
detailed how thousands of consumers had been bilked of between $5 and
$25 on their credit cards by a group of Russian telecommunications and
Internet companies; the charges were small so most of the victims
didn’t recognize the fraud and didn’t bother to report the
theft.[12]Many security analysts believe things are going to get much
worse. In March 2001, the market research firm Gartner predicted there
would be “at least one incident of economic mass victimization of
thousands of Internet users . . . by the end of 2002:”[13]“Converging technology trends are creating economies of scale
that enable a new class of cybercrimes aimed at mass victimization,”
explain[ed] Richard Hunter, Gartner Research Fellow. More
importantly, Hunter add[ed], global law enforcement agencies are
poorly positioned to combat these trends, leaving thousands of
consumers vulnerable to online theft. “Using mundane, readily
available technologies that have already been deployed by both
legitimate and illegitimate businesses, cybercriminals can now
surreptitiously steal millions of dollars, a few dollars at a time,
from millions of individuals simultaneously. Moreover, they are very
likely to get away with the crime.”Despite these obvious risks, our society and economy has likely
passed a point of no return: having some presence on the World Wide
Web now seems to have become a fundamental requirement for businesses,
governments, and other organizations.
Building in SecurityIt’s difficult for many Bostonians to get to the
Massachusetts Registry of Motor Vehicles to renew their car
registrations; it’s easy to click into the RMV’s web site, type a
registration number and a credit card number, and have the
registration automatically processed. And it’s easier for the RMV as
well: their web site is connected to the RMV computers, eliminating
the need to have the information typed by RMV employees. That’s why
the Massachusetts RMV gives a $5 discount to registrations made over
the Internet.Likewise, we have found that the amount of money we spend on
buying books has increased dramatically since Amazon.com and other
online booksellers have opened their web sites for business. The
reason is obvious: it’s much easier for us to type the name of a book
on our keyboards and have it delivered than it is for us to make a
special trip to the nearest bookstore. Thus, we’ve been purchasing
many more books on impulse—for example, after hearing an interview
with an author or reading about the book in a magazine.Are the web sites operated by the Massachusetts RMV and
Amazon.com really secure? Answering this question
depends both on your definition of the word “secure,” and on a careful
analysis of the computers involved in the entire renewal or purchasing
process.In the early days of the World Wide Web, the word “secure” was
promoted by Netscape Communications to denote any web site that used
Netscape’s proprietary encryption protocols. Security was equated with
encryption—an equation that’s remained foremost in many people’s
minds. Indeed, as Figure P-2
clearly demonstrates, web sites such as Amazon.com haven’t changed
their language very much. Amazon.com invites people to “Sign in using
our secure server,” but is their server really “secure”? Amazon uses
the word “secure” because the company’s web server uses the SSL
(Secure Sockets Layer) encryption protocol. But if you click the link
that says “Forgot your password? Click here,” Amazon will create a new
password for your account and send it to your email address. Does this
policy make Amazon’s web site more secure or less?Figure 2. Amazon.com describes their server as “secure,” but the
practice of emailing forgotten passwords to customers is hardly a
secure one.Over the Web’s brief history, we’ve learned that security is
more than simply another word for cryptographic data protection. Today
we know that to be protected, an organization needs to adopt an
holistic approach to guarding both its computer systems and the data
that those systems collect. Using encryption is clearly important, but
it’s equally important to verify the identity of a customer before
showing that customer his purchase history and financial information.
If you send out email, it’s important to make sure that the email
doesn’t contain viruses—but it is equally important to make sure that
you are not sending the email to the wrong person, or sending it out
against the recipient’s wishes. It’s important to make sure that
credit card numbers are encrypted before they are sent over the
Internet, but it’s equally important to make sure that the numbers are
kept secure after they are decrypted at the other
end.The World Wide Web has both promises and dangers. The promise is
that the Web can dramatically lower costs to organizations for
distributing information, products, and services. The danger is that
the computers that make up the Web are vulnerable. These computers
have been compromised in the past, and they will be compromised in the
future. Even worse, as more commerce is conducted in the online world,
as more value flows over the Internet, as more people use the network
for more of their daily financial activities, the more inviting a
target these computers all become.[1] http://www.wired.com/news/technology/0,1282,33539,00.html[2] http://www.cnn.com/2000/TECH/computing/01/10/credit.card.crack.2/[3] Including one of the authors of this book.[4] http://www.thestandard.com/article/display/0,1151,9743,00.html[5] http://www.wired.com/news/technology/0,1282,39438,00.html[6] http://www.netlitigation.com/netlitigation/cases/raytheon.html[7] http://admin.chcf.org/documents/ehealth/privacywebreport.pdf[8] http://news.cnet.com/news/0-1007-200-1562341.html[9] More accurately, there have been very few reported incidents.
It is possible that there have been some wide-spread incidents, but
the victims have either been unaware of them, or unwilling to report
them.[10] http://www.pinkertons.com/companyinfo/history/pinkerton/index.asp[11] http://www.brinksireland.com/history/history.htm[12] http://www.zdnet.com/zdnn/stories/news/0,4586,2668427,00.html[13] http://www.businesswire.com/webbox/bw.033001/210892234.htm
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial