https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/apc.html
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
Appendix C. P3P: The Platform for Privacy Preferences ProjectThis appendix was contributed by Lorrie Cranor of
AT&T Labs—Research. It is copyright AT&T and reprinted with
permission. The Platform for Privacy Preferences Project (P3P), introduced
in Chapter 24, provides a standard
way for web sites to communicate about their data practices. Developed
by the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C), P3P includes a machine-readable
privacy policy syntax as well as a simple protocol that web browsers and
other user agent tools can use to fetch P3P privacy policies
automatically. P3P-enabled browsers can allow users to do selective
cookie blocking based on site privacy policies, as well as to get a
quick “snapshot” of a site’s privacy policies.This appendix provides an overview of how P3P works and how you
can obtain and use it. For more information about P3P, see http://www.w3.org/P3P/. That site
includes pointers to the complete P3P specification, lists of P3P
software and P3P-enabled web sites, and more detailed instructions for
using P3P on your web site. For a complete discussion of P3P and how you
can use it to best advantage, see the forthcoming book,
P3P, by Lorrie Cranor.How P3P WorksThe P3P specification includes a standard
vocabulary for describing a web site’s data
practices, a set of base data elements
that web sites can refer to in their P3P privacy
policies, and a protocol for requesting and transmitting web site
privacy policies.The P3P protocol is a simple extension to the ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial