https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/ch26.html#websec2-CHP-26-SECT-1.3
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
Chapter 26. Intellectual Property and Actionable Content The Web is a creation of intellect, talent, hard work, and
persistence. There are no physical artifacts that can be designated as
“the Internet,” for it all exists as ephemeral bits stored on disk and
displayed on screens. The words, algorithms, programs, images, and
designs available on the Net are the product of hard work, and represent
an asset to those who have performed the work or commissioned it.Society labels this work as intellectual
property. The law recognizes certain forms of protection for
intellectual property to protect such assets and encourage their
development and use. The three forms of protection most applicable to
material on the Web are copyright, patent, and trademark protections.
Each covers a slightly different form of material, and in a different
manner.Copyright Copyright is intended to cover the
expression of ideas rather than the ideas themselves. Copyright covers
text (including programs), pictures, typefaces, and combinations of
these items once they are assembled in some fixed form.[218] Or, as the law phrases it, “A copyright exists in
original works of authorship fixed in any tangible medium of
expression from which they can be perceived, reproduced, or otherwise
communicated, either directly or with the aid of a machine or
device.”[219]This definition clearly covers any material entered into a computer and stored on disk, CD-ROM, or tape for display via a web browser. Once it is fixed in ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial