https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/ch22.html#websec2-CHP-22-SECT-1.1
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
Chapter 22. Code Signing and Microsoft’s AuthenticodeCode signing is a technique for signing executable programs with
digital signatures. Code signing is designed to improve the reliability
of software distributed over the Internet by making it possible to
detect very minor alterations to programs. Code signing is also designed
to combat the problem of malicious programs, including computer viruses
and Trojan horses.This chapter describes the mechanics of code signing. For
a discussion of why code signing might not provide the degree of safety
its backers hope for, see Chapter
12.Why Code Signing?Walk into a computer store and buy a copy of Microsoft Windows,
and you can be pretty sure the box contains a genuine CD-ROM with a
computer operating system written by the Redmond software giant. The
program, after all, comes shrinkwrapped in a box, with a
difficult-to-forge security hologram seal. Inside the box is a CD-ROM
that may include its own hologram. You have great confidence that your
CD-ROM or floppy disks have the same program as every other CD-ROM or
floppy disk sold in every other Windows box. Presumably, the software
was checked at the factory, so you have every reason to believe that
you’ve got a legitimate and unaltered copy.The same can’t be said for software downloaded over the Internet. When Microsoft released its 1,264,640-byte Service Pack 1 for Windows 95, the only way to be sure that you had a legitimate and unaltered copy was to download it directly from Microsoft’s ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial