https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/ch14s02.html#websec2-CHP-14-SECT-2.4.1
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
Protecting Computer HardwarePhysically protecting a computer presents many of the
same problems that arise when protecting typewriters, jewelry, and
file cabinets. As with a typewriter, an office computer is something
that many people inside the office need to access on an ongoing basis.
As with jewelry, computers are valuable and generally easy for a thief
to sell. But the real danger in having a computer stolen isn’t the
loss of the system’s hardware but the loss of the data that was stored
on the computer’s disks. As with legal files and financial records, if
you don’t have a backup—or if the backup is stolen or destroyed along
with the computer—the data you have lost may well be irreplaceable.
Even if you do have a backup, you will still need to spend valuable
time setting up a replacement system. Finally, there is always the
chance that the stolen information itself, or even the mere fact that
information was stolen, will be used against you.Your computers are among the most expensive possessions in your
home or office; they are also the pieces of equipment that you can
least afford to lose.[145]
To make matters worse, computers and computer media are
by far the most temperamental objects in today’s homes and offices.
Few people worry that their television sets will be damaged if they’re
turned on during a lightning storm, but a computer’s power supply can
be blown out simply by leaving the machine plugged into the
wall if lightning strikes nearby. Even if the power surge ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial