https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/ch18s02.html
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
Protecting Your DNSAll of the redundancy in the world won’t keep your web site
accessible on the Internet if potential users type in your domain name
and it isn’t properly translated to the IP address of your servers.
Having a Domain Name Server (DNS) that is reliable and accurate
is a prerequisite for a reliable web site. Nevertheless, DNS issues
are commonly overlooked by many organizations.There are many reasons DNS does not get the attention it
deserves:Managers and executives do not understand what DNS does, how
it works, and why it is important.Because DNS normally functions rapidly and reliably, DNS
breakdowns are all the more confusing, unfamiliar, and difficult
to diagnose.As most ISPs do not explicitly charge for providing DNS
service, many users conclude that it must either be simple to
provide or not be worth very much.As we discussed in Chapter
2, DNS is a large distributed database that translates
hostnames (e.g., www.vineyard.net) into IP
addresses (e.g., 204.17.195.100.) When DNS is functioning properly,
incoming queries to your nameserver are rapidly replied to with the IP
address of your service. Responses contain an assortment of
information and an expiration time, better known as a time
to live (TTL). DNS answers are designed to be cached: if a thousand customers of Earthlink in San Jose all try to access your web site one afternoon, chances are good that your DNS server will see only a single query from Earthlink; the remaining 999 users get their answer from ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial