https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/ch03s03.html#websec2-CHP-3-SECT-3.1
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
Public Key Algorithms
The existence of public key cryptography was first
postulated in print in the fall of 1975 by Whitfield
Diffie and Martin Hellman. The two researchers, then at
Stanford University, wrote a paper in which they presupposed the
existence of an encryption technique in which information encrypted
with one key (the public key) could be decrypted by a second,
apparently unrelated key (the private key). Robert Merkle, then a
graduate student at Berkeley, had similar ideas at the same time, but
because of the vagaries of the academic publication process, Merkle’s
papers were not published until the underlying principles and
mathematics of the Diffie-Hellman algorithm were widely known.Since that time, a variety of public key encryption systems have
been developed. Unfortunately, there have been significantly fewer
developments in public key algorithms than in symmetric key
algorithms. The reason has to do with how these algorithms are
created. Good symmetric key algorithms simply scramble their input
depending on the input key; developing a new symmetric key algorithm
requires coming up with new ways for performing that scrambling
reliably. Public key algorithms tend to be based on number theory.
Developing new public key algorithms requires identifying new
mathematical equations with particular properties.The following list summarizes the public key systems in common
use today:Diffie-Hellman key exchangeA system for exchanging cryptographic keys between active parties. ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial