https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/ch19s02.html
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
Criminal HazardsIf you operate an Internet service provider or web site,
or have networked computers on your premises, you may be at risk for
criminal prosecution yourself if those machines are misused. This
section is designed to acquaint you with some of the risks.If law enforcement officials believe that your computer system
has been used by an employee to break into other computer systems, to
transmit or store controlled information (trade secrets, child
pornography, etc.), or to otherwise participate in some computer
crime, you may find your computers impounded by a search warrant (in
criminal cases) or writ of seizure (in civil cases). If you can
document that your employee has had limited access to your systems,
and if you present that information during the search, it may help
limit the scope of the confiscation. However, you may still be in a
position in which some of your equipment is confiscated as part of a
legal search.Local police or federal authorities can present a judge with a
petition to grant a search warrant if they believe there is evidence
to be found concerning a violation of a law. If the warrant is in
order, the judge will almost always grant the search warrant. In the
recent past, a few federal investigators and law enforcement personnel
in some states developed a reputation for heavy-handed and excessively
broad searches. In part, this was because of inexperience with
computer crime, and it has been getting better with time.The scope of each search warrant ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial