https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/ch20.html#websec2-CHP-20-SECT-1
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
Chapter 20. Controlling Access to Your Web ContentOrganizations run web servers because they are an easy way to
distribute information to people on the Internet. But sometimes you
don’t want to distribute your information to
everybody. For instance, you might have:Information on your web server intended only for employees of
your organizationAn electronic publication that contains articles that are only
available to customers who have paid a monthly subscription
fee.Confidential technical information that is only for customers
who have signed nondisclosure agreementsA web-based interface to your order-entry system that is open
to preauthorized users, but should not be open to the general
public These scenarios have different access control
requirements. Fortunately, today’s web servers have a variety of ways to
restrict access to information.Access Control StrategiesThere are a number of techniques that can be used to control
access to web-based information:Restricting access by using URLs that are “secret”—that is,
URLs that are hidden and unpublishedRestricting access to a particular group of computers based
on those computers’ hostnames or Internet addressesRestricting access to a particular group of users based on
their identityMost web servers can use these techniques to restrict access to HTML pages, CGI scripts, and API-invoking files. These techniques can be used alone or in combination. You can also add additional access control mechanisms to your own CGI and API programs. ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial