https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/ch05.html#websec2-CHP-5-SECT-1.5.3
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
Chapter 5. Understanding SSL and TLSSSL is the Secure Sockets Layer, a general-purpose
protocol for sending encrypted information over the Internet. Developed
by Netscape, SSL was first popularized by Netscape’s web browser and web
server. The idea was to stimulate the sales of the company’s
cryptographically enabled web servers by distributing a free client that
implemented the same cryptographic protocols.Since then, SSL has been incorporated into many other web servers
and browsers, and by now support for SSL is no longer a competitive
advantage but a necessity. SSL has gone through two major versions. In
1996 the Internet Engineering Task Force Transport Layer Security (TLS) was established to create
an open stream encryption standard. The group started with SSL 3.0 and,
in 1999, published RFC 2246, “TLS Protocol Version 1.0.” RFC 2712 adds
Kerberos authentication to TLS. RFC 2817 and 2818 apply to TLS using
HTTP/1.1. This chapter introduces SSL and TLS. Appendix B provides detailed technical
information.What Is SSL?SSL is a layer that exists between the raw TCP/IP protocol and
the application layer. While the standard TCP/IP protocol simply sends an unauthenticated,
error-free stream of information between two computers (or between two
processes running on the same computer), SSL adds numerous features to
that stream, including:Authentication of the server, using digital
signaturesAuthentication of the client, using digital
signaturesData confidentiality through the use of ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial