https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/ch09s02.html#websec2-CHP-9-SECT-2.8.2
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
Picking a Great PasswordAs we saw in Chapter
6, passwords are the simplest form of authentication. Passwords
are a secret that you share with the computer. When you log in, you
type your password to prove to the computer that you are who you claim
to be. The computer ensures that the password you type matches the
account that you have specified. If they match, you are allowed to
proceed.Using good passwords for your Internet services is a first line
of defense for your privacy. If you pick a password that is easy to
guess, then somebody who is targeting you will find it easier to gain
access to your personal information. If you use the same password on a
variety of different services, then a person who is able to discover
the password for one of your services will be able to access other
services.Why Use Passwords?Historically, most desktop personal computers did not use
passwords. PCs were designed for use by a single person; in this
environment, passwords were seen as an unwanted hassle.If you are like most computer users, you probably got your
first password when you got your first Internet email account: your
password prevented other people from logging in to your Internet
account and downloading your email. As your use of the Web grew, you
were probably asked to create accounts on various web sites. For
example, if you buy a book from Amazon, the Amazon web site will ask
you for a password so that other users will not be able to view the
books you have ordered.Over the years, ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial