https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/ch16.html#websec2-CHP-16-SECT-1.1
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
Chapter 16. Securing Web Applications Web servers are fine programs for displaying static
information such as brochures, FAQs, and product catalogs. But
applications that are customized for the user or that implement business
logic (such as shopping carts) require that servers be extended with
specialized code that executes each time the web page is fetched. This
code most often takes the form of scripts
or programs that are run when a
particular URL is accessed. There is no limit to what a good programming
team can do with a web server, a programming language, and enough time.
Unfortunately, programs that provide additional functionality over the
Web can have flaws that allow attackers to compromise the system on
which the web server is running. These flaws are rarely evident when the
program is run as intended.This chapter focuses on programming techniques that you can use to
make web programs more secure.A Legacy of Extensibility and RiskThere are four primary techniques that web developers
can use to create web-based applications:CGIThe Common Gateway Interface (CGI) was the first means
of extending web servers. When a URL referencing a CGI program
is requested from the web server, the web server runs the CGI
program in a separate process, captures the program’s output,
and sends the results to the requesting web browser. Parameters
to the CGI programs are encoded as environment variables and
also provided to the program on standard input.CGI programs can perform database ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial