https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/ch15s03.html
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
Minimizing Risk by Minimizing ServicesAn important way to minimize the threats to your web
server is by minimizing the other services that are offered by the
computer on which the web server is running. This technique works
because each network service carries its own risks. By eliminating all
nonessential services, you eliminate potential avenues through which
an attacker could break into your system.Making a Pre-Mac OS X Your Web ServerIf security is your primary concern in running a web server,
then you may wish to consider running your web server on a
Macintosh computer running the OS 7, OS 8, or OS 9
operating systems. Because these versions of the Macintosh operating
system were not delivered with a command-line interpreter, it is
extremely difficult for attackers to break into the system and run
programs of their own choosing. The Mac OS also doesn’t come with
dozens of network services enabled that can be compromised. And
Apple has a very good history of providing carefully written,
apparently bug-free code.At least four web servers are available for the
Macintosh:MacHTTP is a freely available web server that is easy to
administer.WebStar, a commercial version of MacHTTP, is sold by
StarNine Technologies, a subsidiary of Quarterdeck.WebStar Pro is an SSL-enabled version of WebStar, also
sold by StarNine Technologies.Apple’s personal web server is shipped with Mac OS 9 and
possibly some releases of Mac OS 8.Apple’s Mac OS X operating system is based on FreeBSD. As such, ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial