https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/ch02.html#websec2-CHP-2-SECT-1
2. The Architecture of the World Wide Web - Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition [Book]
Skip to main content
Sign In
Try Now
Teams
Individuals
Features
Certifications
Interactive learning
Live online sessions
What’s New
O’Reilly for marketers
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
Chapter 2. The Architecture of the World Wide WebIn this chapter, we’ll look at the technological underpinnings of
The World Wide Web and of the Internet, the computer network on which
the Web is based.Before we begin our detailed discussion of web security, it is
important to explain the basic mechanics of how the Internet and the Web
work. It’s also important to introduce the terminology that this book
uses. And finally, to understand where the Web is today, it’s useful to
review the history of basic networking and the Internet.History and TerminologyThe success of the Internet has been nothing short of
phenomenal. It’s difficult to remember that the Internet is more than
25 years old and that the Web has existed for more than a decade.
Although it’s increasingly difficult to remember what business was
like in the age before the Internet, the vast majority of today’s
Internet users have had email and dialup access to the World Wide Web
for less than five years, and more than half probably gained their
first access during the last 18 months.It’s easy to attribute the success of the Internet and the Web
to a combination of market need, determinism, and consumerism. It’s
possible to argue that the critical mass of reasonably powerful
desktop computers, reasonably fast modems, and reasonably
sophisticated computer users made it inevitable that something like
the Web would be deployed in the mid-1990s and that it would gain mass
appeal. The world was ripe for the Web.It’s also possible ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
About O’Reilly
Teach/write/train
Careers
Community partners
Affiliate program
Diversity
Support
Contact us
Newsletters
Privacy policy
facebook-logo
linkedin-logo
youtube-logo
Download the O’Reilly App
Take O’Reilly online learning with you and learn anywhere, anytime on your phone and tablet.
Get unlimited access to books, videos, and live training.
Sync all your devices and never lose your place.
Learn even when there’s no signal with offline access.
Do not sell my personal information
Exercise your consumer rights by contacting us at donotsell@oreilly.com.
© 2020, O’Reilly Media, Inc. All trademarks and registered trademarks appearing on oreilly.com are the property of their respective owners.
Terms of service • Privacy policy • Editorial independence