https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/ch14s04.html
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
Personnel The people who have access to your system may not all
have your best interests in mind. We’ve heard stories in home
environments where playmates of children have introduced viruses into
home office systems, and where spouses have scoured disks for evidence
of marital infidelity—and then trashed systems where they have found
it. In business environments, there are stories of cleaning staff and
office temps who have been caught sabotaging or snooping on company
computers.You may not be able to choose your family, but you can have some
impact on who accesses the computers at your company location. You can
do this with background checks (it is amazing how many people don’t
adequately check references) and periodic rechecks. Depending on the
nature of your business and the laws in place governing employment
law, you may also be able to execute credit checks, lie detector
tests, and criminal background checks. You may even be able to execute
a security clearance requirement. You can also require that personnel
be bonded—special assurance from a third party
that the individual is trusted, in which the third party performs the
background investigation.Examples of people whose backgrounds should be examined
include:System operators and administratorsTemporary workers and contractors who have access to the
systemCleaning and maintenance personnelSecurity guardsDelivery personnel who have regular or unsupervised
accessConsultantsThe personnel who do have access should be trained ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial