https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/ch11.html#websec2-CHP-11-SECT-1.6
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
Chapter 11. Backups and AntitheftIn the last two chapters, we explored ways that your personal
information could be threatened, and examined techniques for protecting
your privacy on the Web. In this chapter, we’ll consider additional
threats to your computer that do not directly involve privacy, but
nevertheless can be very damaging—lost, corrupted, or stolen
data.Using Backups to Protect Your DataBackups
are copies that you make of information that you hope
you will never need. A backup can be a simple copy of a file that you
put on a Zip disk and put away in the top drawer of your desk for
safekeeping. If the original file is inadvertently deleted or
corrupted, the backup can be retrieved after the damage is
noticed.Backups can be very simple, like the Zip disk in your desk
drawer, or they can be exceedingly complex. For example, many backup
systems will let you copy every file on your computer onto a
30-gigabyte magnetic tape and create a special “restore floppy.” In
the event that your computer is lost or stolen, you can buy a new
computer and a tape drive, put the tape into the tape drive, and boot
the computer from the floppy disk; the backup system will
automatically restore all of your files and applications to the
newly-purchased computer.Make Backups!Bugs, accidents, natural disasters, and attacks on your system cannot be predicted. Often, despite your best efforts, they can’t be prevented. But if you have good backups, you at least won’t lose your data—and in many ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial