https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/ch18s03.html
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
Protecting Your Domain RegistrationIt’s possible for a corporation to spend hundreds of
millions of dollars purchasing hardware and software, build multiple
redundant data centers, and have multiple upstream connections and
backup power systems—yet have its entire network servicing several
million customers go offline because it forgot to pay a single $35
annual fee.It is important to remember that almost every transaction over
the Web begins with a DNS query in which some computer somewhere on
the Internet asks a top-level domain name server for the IP address of
your organization’s name servers. If your organization’s entry in the
.COM or .CO.UK database has
been removed, no amount of redundancy or technical wizardry on your
part will allow most users to access your services. For this reason,
it is vital to ensure the safety of your domain name registration.
Here are some suggestions:Know the name of the Internet registrar that maintains your
domain name. Although many domain names are registered with
Network Solutions, there are now more than a dozen registrars open
for business, as well as many national organizations operating in
countries other than the United States. Maintain a paper file with
the name of the registrar and a printout of your organization’s
registration.Periodically review the registration information for your
domain name, making sure that the contact information is up to
date and that your bills have been paid.Take advantage of any advanced security features ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial