https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/ch08.html#websec2-CHP-8-SECT-1
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
Chapter 8. The Web’s War on Your PrivacyYou watch the Web, and the Web watches you. With a few notable
exceptions, every time you look at a page on the World Wide Web,
somewhere there is a computer that makes note of this fact. Visit a web
site designed for parents of small children, then visit another site
that is devoted to consumer electronics, and somewhere a computer slowly
builds a profile of your interests. Take a few minutes to “register” for
an account with your email address, and you’ll soon start receiving a
stream of emails in your inbox hawking “special offers.”As the Web has created unprecedented opportunities for consumers, it has also created heretofore unimaginable possibilities for marketers, sales organizations, hucksters, tricksters, and outright criminals. A marketing company that puts a billboard up by a highway is content knowing how many cars per day drive by its sign. That same company putting a banner advertisement up on a popular web site would like to know far more information about the people seeing its message—where they live, whether they get their Internet access from a business or through a university, what other web sites the person has visited, and sometimes, even their email addresses. It can be exceedingly difficult to determine the effectiveness of billboards and magazine advertisements. Web advertisements, by contrast, can be metered, examined, and analyzed. All of this power comes at a price to individual privacy, because detailed statistics ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial