https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/ch07.html#websec2-CHP-7-SECT-1
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
Chapter 7. Digital Identification II: Digital Certificates, CAs, and
PKIIn the previous chapter, we explored three techniques for
establishing and authenticating a person’s identity: the use of paper
documents, biometrics, and digital signatures. We saw in that chapter
that digital signatures had a significant security advantage
over the first two systems for e-commerce: because the private key used
to “sign” a digital signature is not used by the recipient to verify the
signature, digital signatures are not easily subverted by replay
attacks. Identity-proving signatures cannot be reused (if the nonces are
created with care), but must be created new each time that a person’s
identity needs to be proven. But as we also saw, digital signatures had
a problem as well; for you to prove your identity to someone using a
digital signature, that person needs to have your public key already on
file. That is, being able to create a digital signature doesn’t actually
authenticate your identity, it simply proves that you have possession of
a private key.The use of digital certificates and a public key infrastructure
(PKI) are attempts to tie absolute identity to digital signatures. A
digital certificate is a special kind of digital
signature—it is a digital signature that comes with an identity, which
is designed to be interpreted by computers in an automated way. A
public key infrastructure is a collection of technologies and policies for creating and using digital certificates. The effectiveness ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial