https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/ch03s04.html#websec2-CHP-3-SECT-4.4
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
Message Digest Functions
Message digest functions distill the information
contained in a file (small or large) into a single large number,
typically between 128 and 256 bits in length. This is illustrated in
Figure 3-4. The best
message digest functions combine these mathematical properties:Every bit of the message digest function is potentially
influenced by every bit of the function’s input.If any given bit of the function’s input is changed, every
output bit has a 50 percent chance of changing.Given an input file and its corresponding message digest, it
should be computationally infeasible to find another file with the
same message digest value.Figure 3-4. A message digest functionMessage digests are also called one-way hash functions
because they produce values that are difficult to
invert, resistant to attack, effectively unique, and widely
distributed.Many message digest functions have been proposed and are now in
use. Here are a few:MD2 Message Digest #2, developed by Ronald Rivest.
This message digest is probably the most secure of Rivest’s
message digest functions, but takes the longest to compute. As a
result, MD2 is rarely used. MD2 produces a 128-bit
digest.MD4Message Digest #4, also developed by Rivest. This message digest algorithm was developed as a fast alternative to MD2. Subsequently, MD4 was shown to have a possible weakness. That is, it is possible to find ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial