https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/ch13.html#websec2-CHP-13-SECT-1.2
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
Chapter 13. Mobile Code II: Java, JavaScript, Flash, and ShockwaveIn the last chapter we examined the risks inherent in downloading
and running plug-ins, ActiveX controls, and other kinds of machine code.
We saw that while many of these programs are well behaved, they can
occasionally be quite vicious. Once a downloaded program starts running,
it inherits all of the privileges and access rights of the user who
invoked it.Java, JavaScript, Flash, and Shockwave are all attempts to
allow web developers to realize many of the benefits of mobile code
without assuming the corresponding dangers. Instead of downloading raw
executable machine code, all of these systems download an intermediate
language that is then interpreted on the user’s computer. In theory,
these interpreted languages can provide additional security by simply
not implementing dangerous functionality. For example, JavaScript has no
built-in mechanism to read files on the local computer’s hard disk, so
it should be impossible to write a JavaScript program that scans the
user’s hard disk for interesting files and then uploads these files to a
hostile web server.In practice, Java, JavaScript, Flash, and Shockwave do provide
significantly more security than the mobile code techniques than were
considered in the previous chapter. But because of implementation
failings and occasional design flaws, none of these systems actually
provide as much security as their inventors claim.JavaJava is a complex object-oriented language ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial