https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/web-security-privacy/0596000456/ch15.html#websec2-CHP-15-SECT-1.1
Skip to main content
Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition by
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial
Chapter 15. Host Security for ServersHost security is the security of the computer on which
your web server is running. Traditionally, host security has been a
computer security topic unto itself. Whole books (including a couple of
our own) have been written on it.Host security was in its heyday in the 1980s and early 1990s, when
dozens or even hundreds of people shared the same computer. Many of
these systems were at universities, where one of the goals of the system
operators was to prevent students from seeing each other’s coursework.
Other systems were at government installations, where the systems needed
to store and segregate “Secret” from “Top Secret” information. As a
result, host security was traditionally concerned with questions of
protecting the operating system from users, protecting users from each
other, and performing auditing measures.The 1990s saw a dramatic shift in the emphasis and importance of host security. It seems that many organizations place less emphasis on host security when each person had exclusive use of a computer. This perspective is misguided because, as we have seen, distributed systems can be as vulnerable (if not more so) to the security problems that can affect large time-sharing systems. One explanation for the decreased attention to host security is that assuring host security in a distributed environment is significantly more complicated and more expensive, and in fact has proven to be beyond the capabilities of many organizations. Another ...
Get Web Security, Privacy & Commerce, 2nd Edition now with O’Reilly online learning.
O’Reilly members experience live online training, plus books, videos, and digital content from 200+ publishers.
Start your free trial