https://legal.uncc.edu/termsofuse
Skip to main content
Home
University Policies
Website & Network Terms of Use
Website & Network Terms of Use
Search University Policies
Search University Policies
University Policies
University Policies
New & Revised University Policies
Chapter 100 Personnel Policies and Regulations
Chapter 200 Academic Policies
Chapter 300 Research, Intellectual Property, and Information Technology
Chapter 400 Student and Alumni Matters
Chapter 500 Nondiscrimination
Chapter 600 Property, Finances, Services and Records
Chapter 700 Safety and Health
Chapter 800 University Policies of General Application
Policy Owners
Alphabetical Index
Executive Summaries
Computing Network Policies & Standards
Terms of UsePrivacy Statement
GDPR Privacy Notice
Copyright Statement
The UNC Charlotte website Terms of Use include both the Privacy Statement and the Copyright Statement below.
Website & Network Privacy Statement
The University of North Carolina at Charlotte has established this privacy statement to demonstrate its firm commitment to privacy and transparency. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for the website https://uncc.edu and the network of websites making up the UNC Charlotte network.
GDPR Privacy Notice
The European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) is a data privacy law that applies to personal information collected in or from the European Union and European Economic Area.  UNC Charlotte is committed to safeguarding the privacy of personal information, including compliance with the GDPR, where applicable. For more information, please see the GDPR Privacy Notice.
Copyright Statement
The University of North Carolina at Charlotte complies with the provisions of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA). If you have a concern regarding the use of copyrighted material on any web page on the UNC Charlotte website or network, please contact the following agent designated to respond to reports alleging copyright infringement: Office of Legal Affairs Contact Form
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act specifies that all infringement claims must be in writing (either electronic mail or paper letter) and must include the following elements:
a physical or electronic signature;
identification of the infringed work;
identification of the infringed material;
contact information for the complainant, e.g. address, telephone number, electronic mail address;
a statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner or the law; and
a statement that the information contained in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.
See the DMCA here: Digital Millennium Copyright Act
Website Information
The materials and information on the Office of Legal Affairs website are presented for informational and general guidance purposes only and should not be relied upon as legal advice. This website is revised from time to time as appropriate, but references to law or policy may not always be current.