https://lennox.ie/content/9-privacy-policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Lennox Privacy Statement
INTRODUCTIONLaboratory Supplies Ltd T/A Lennox is committed to protecting and respecting the personal data that we hold. This privacy statement describes why and how we collect and use personal data and provides information about individuals’ rights. It applies to personal data provided to us, both by individuals themselves or by others. We may use personal data provided to us for the purposes described in this privacy statement or as made clear before collecting personal data.Lennox takes the security of all the data it holds seriously. Our staff are trained on data protection, confidentiality and security.Lennox has processes and policies in place to ensure that data we hold is secured, adequate, relevant and not excessive.
DATA THAT WE HOLDObtaining DataRelevant data to sustain our business relationship will be obtained directly from you. Data will also be generated through the normal course of doing business over time.Processing of DataData protection law ensures that there is a legitimate and legal basis for the processing of your personal data.In order to manage and administer our business and services, we will use data to maintain internal business records, manage customer relationships and maintain internal operating processes.We will also use your Data to comply with statutory and regulatory reporting to relevant authorities.What data is processed?The personal data that we process includes:Name, telephone number, address, job title, relevant email correspondence and any other information required for legitimate business purposes.How long do we hold data for?Lennox retains personal data controlled by us for as long as is considered necessary for the purpose or purposes for which it was collected except for cases where it is a legal requirement to be retained for longer periods.There are cases where personal data will be securely archived with limited access. Archived data will be periodically reviewed ensuring that it is still relevant and not excessive.
THIRD PARTY PROCESSESPersonal data controlled by Lennox, will only be shared with third party processors when legal and necessary. We endeavor to ensure that we have adequate security measures in place to minimise risk to your personal data.We will obtain privacy statements from all third-party processors to certify that they are in line with Lennox’s policies.No data will be sold, shared or distributed to any third party unless we are required by law or issued with a court order to do so.SECURITY OF DATALennox has rigorous internal processes in place for the security and protection of Data. Secure measures continue to be monitored and updated to keep data accurate and safe from unauthorised access.Lennox will continue to revise policies and implement additional security features as new technologies become available.INDIVIDUAL’S RIGHTSAs an individual you have the right to ensure your personal data is accurate, secure and only used or stored for explicit and lawful purposes.You reserve the right to request your personal data held by Lennox by writing to the Data Officer at dataofficer@lennox.ie . If you feel the data held is incorrect can you submit in writing to the Data Officer the relevant personal information you would like corrected, suppressed or changed.COMPLAINTSIf you have any complaints about the use of your personal data, please submit in writing to the dataofficer@lennox.ieCONTACT INFORMATIONData OfficerLennoxJFK DriveNaas RoadDublin 12This policy was last updated on 11th May 2018.
You need to login or create account
×
Save products on your wishlist to buy them later or share with your friends.
Email
Password
Forgot your password?
Due to technical limitations it was not possible for Lennox to carry over accounts set up on our previous website. Apologies for any inconvenience.
If you require information from the previous website please contact
customerservice@lennox.ie
No account? Create one here
Product added to wishlist
Product added to compare.
Lennox uses cookies. Please accept to continue browsing this site.
Accept