http://lifelinecelltech.com/knowledge-base/ethical-and-legal-standards/
Join our mailing list Click Here
Ethical and Legal Standards
Home
/
Knowledge Base
/
Ethical and Legal Standards
Save 20% on Lung and Airway Cells. Use "Lung1220" to order online by December 20. (US Customers only). Click here!
Ethical and Legal Standards for Primary Human Cells
Lifeline® is committed to the highest ethical and legal standards. Since its inception, Lifeline® has complied with the following standards for obtaining human tissue:
“Informed Consent” – Lifeline® uses tissues for cell isolation only from individuals which are fully informed, consented donors Donor documentation is securely maintained to assure donor privacy following the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) of 1996 (please see item 5 below).
The Declaration of Helsinki as developed by the World Medical Association stating ethical principles that provide guidance to physicians and other participants in medical research involving human subjects. Lifeline® only works through tissue acquisition networks, physicians and organ procurement organizations that are compliant with these standards.
The Human Tissue Act as published on November 15th, 2004 by the government of the United Kingdom. This act aims to make consent a fundamental principle underpinning the use and storage of human tissue. Lifeline® or its tissue acquisition agents require informed consent documentation consistent with these principles.
CFR – Code of Federal Regulations Title 21. Lifeline® complies with 21CFR sections 1270 and 1271 as they apply to human tissue collection and use in research.
The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) of 1996 (P.L.104-191). Title II of HIPAA, known as the Administrative Simplification (AS) provisions, requires the establishment of national standards for electronic health care transactions and national identifiers for providers, health insurance plans, and employers. The AS provisions also address the security and privacy of health data. Lifeline® is fully HIPPA compliant and uses a documented de-identification system.
If you have any questions, please contact technical support.
Shop By Product
Cells
Endothelial
Epithelial
Fibroblasts
Hematopoietic
iPS Validated Fibroblasts
Melanocytes
Neural Stem Cells
Skeletal Muscle
Smooth Muscle
Stem Cells
Tissue Types
Adipose
Bladder
Blood
Bone Marrow
Breast
Cardiac
Cardiovascular
Eye
Kidney
Lung-Airway
Mouth
Neural Stem Cells
Reproductive (Male)
Reproductive (Female)
Skeletal Muscle
Skin
Umbilical Cord
Culture Media
Blood
Endothelial
Epithelial
Fibroblasts
Melanocyte
Neural Stem Cells
Skeletal Muscle
Smooth Muscle
Stem Cells
Custom Media
Other Products
Antimicrobials
Attachment Factors
Freezing / Cryopreservation Medium
Growth Factors & LifeFactors
Stain Kits
Stem Cell Differentiation Kits
Subculture Reagents
Supplements
Knowledge Base
Specification Sheets
Protocol and Instructions Sheets
Material Safety Data Sheets (SDS)
Selected References
Product Safety
Terms and Conditions
Technical Support
Ethical and Legal Standards
Industry Links
About Us
Contact Us
International Distributors
Facilities
Careers
International Stem Cell Corp
Blog