http://lifeboat.com/ex/legal
Lifeboat
Foundation
Safeguarding Humanity
Skip to content
Switch to White
Search
Menu
Sitemap
Main areas
Home
About
Blog
Programs
Reports
A-PRIZE
Donate
Join Us
Newsletter
Quotes
Store
Press Releases
About us
Advisory Boards
Bitcoin Endowment Fund
Board of Directors
Contact Us
Donor List
FAQ
Finances
Guardian Award
Interactive Friendly AI
Logo
Mission Statement
Procedures
Staff
Supplemental FAQ
Timeline
Current programs
AIShield
AsteroidShield
BioShield
InfoPreserver
InternetShield
LifePreserver
LifeShield Bunkers
NanoShield
ScientificFreedomShield
SecurityPreserver
Space Habitats
X-Risks Network
More programs
AlienShield
AntimatterShield
BioPreserver
BlackHoleShield
ClimateShield
CommPreserver
EnergyPreserver
GammaRayShield
NeuroethicsShield
NuclearShield
ParticleAcceleratorShield
PersonalityPreserver
SeedPreserver
SunShield
Cool places
Ark I
Blue Beauty
EM Launch
GETAS
Official Song
Educational
Alexa
Books
Brochure
Coursework
Educational Videos
Fellows
Grants
Interviews
Press Releases
Resources
RSS Tutorial
Scholarships
Twitter Feed
University Outreach
Videos
What's New
World News
Working together
A-500
Banners
FightAIDS@Home
Folding@Home
Forums
Lifeboat 500
Links
Openings
Outreach
Partnerships
Rosetta@Home
Volunteer Work
Misc
Counterterrorism
Italian
Legal
Media
Member Verification
Membership Benefits
Privacy
Russian
VIP
Home
About
Blog
Programs
Reports
A-PRIZE
Donate
Join Us
Newsletter
Quotes
Store
Press Releases
Legal
Legal Status
Lifeboat Foundation is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization, federal
EIN
#80-0034805. All membership fees and other gifts are tax deductible to
the fullest extent of the law.
Copyright and Trademark Information
Text, illustrations, and all other media on this site
copyright 2002–2020 Lifeboat Foundation. All rights reserved.
Lifeboat web site pages may contain other proprietary notices and
copyright information which should be observed.
Lifeboat Foundation carefully limits the use of its
logo. No other
company may use our logo unless it has the express written permission of
Lifeboat Foundation, or is licensed by Lifeboat Foundation to do so.
No part of this site may be reproduced in any form without written
permission from Lifeboat Foundation but links to our documents are
permitted and encouraged. Authors of blog posts, mailing list/forum
posts, comments to such posts, and/or articles on this site do retain
their copyright rights, and may reproduce their materials elsewhere.
External Links
Links to other web sites do not imply an endorsement of the materials
disseminated at those web sites, nor does the existence of a link to
another site imply that the organization or person publishing at that
site endorses any of the materials at this site. Links to other web
sites are provided by Lifeboat Foundation as a convenience to its users.
Lifeboat Foundation is not responsible for the materials contained at
any web site linked to this site.
Privacy Policy
Lifeboat Foundation
operates this site.
This page is used to inform website visitors regarding our policies with
the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information of those
who use this site.
If you choose to use our site, then you agree to the collection and
use of information in relation with this privacy policy. The Personal
Information that we collect is used for providing and improving our
Services. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as
described in this Privacy Policy. We never will share our mailing list
info with a third party to make sure our members are not spammed.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our
Terms and Conditions,
unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience while using our Service, we may require you to
provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including
but not limited to your name, phone number, and postal address. The
information that we collect will be used to contact or identify you.
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you visit our Service, we collect
information that your browser sends to us that is called Log Data. This
Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet
Protocol (“IP”) address, browser version, pages of our Service that you
visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages,
and other statistics. This data is not shared with any third parties
and we don’t link the Log Data to individual users.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used an
anonymous unique identifier. These are sent to your browser from the
website that you visit and are stored on your computer’s hard drive.
Our website uses these “cookies” to collect information and to
improve our Service. You have the option to either accept or refuse
these cookies, and know when a cookie is being sent to your computer. If
you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some
portions of our Service.
The main way we use cookies is to determine whether you prefer a black or
white background for this site. We also use cookies to remember your
donation information although this information is only stored on your
computer and not on our lifeboat.com servers.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following
reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform our Service users that these third parties have access
to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks
assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to
disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we
are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But
remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of
electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee
its absolute security.
Children’s Privacy
Our Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not
knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under
13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with
personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If
you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has
provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will
be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, we advise you
to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of
any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These
changes are effective immediately, after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to
contact us.
Terms and Conditions
Introduction
These Website Standard Terms and Conditions written on this webpage shall manage your use of our website.
These Terms will be applied fully and affect to your use of this Website. By using this Website, you agree to accept all terms and conditions written in here. You must not use this Website if you disagree with any of these Website Standard Terms and Conditions.
Intellectual Property Rights
Other than the content you own, under these Terms, Lifeboat Foundation and/or its licensors own all the intellectual property rights and materials contained in this Website.
You are granted limited license only for purposes of viewing the material contained on this Website.
Restrictions
You are specifically restricted from all of the following:
publishing any Website material in any other media;
selling, sublicensing and/or otherwise commercializing any Website material;
publicly performing and/or showing any Website material;
using this Website in any way that is or may be damaging to this Website;
using this Website in any way that impacts user access to this Website;
using this Website contrary to applicable laws and regulations, or in any way may cause harm to the Website, or to any person or business entity;
engaging in any data mining, data harvesting, data extracting, or any other similar activity in relation to this Website;
using this Website to engage in any advertising or marketing.
Certain areas of this Website are restricted from being access by you and Lifeboat Foundation may further restrict access by you to any areas of this Website, at any time, in absolute discretion. Any user ID and password you may have for this Website are confidential and you must maintain confidentiality as well.
Your Content
In these Website Standard Terms and Conditions, “Your Content” shall mean any audio, video text, images, or other material you choose to display on this Website. By displaying Your Content, you grant Lifeboat Foundation a non-exclusive, worldwide irrevocable, sub licensable license to use, reproduce, adapt, publish, translate and distribute it in any and all media.
Your Privacy
Please read our Privacy Policy.
Your Content must be your own and must not invade any third-party’s rights. Lifeboat Foundation reserves the right to remove any of Your Content from this Website at any time without notice.
No Warranties
This Website is provided “as is,” with all faults, and Lifeboat Foundation express no representations or warranties, of any kind related to this Website or the materials contained on this Website. Also, nothing contained on this Website shall be interpreted as advising you.
Limitation of Liability
In no event shall Lifeboat Foundation, nor any of its officers, directors, and employees, shall be held liable for anything arising out of or in any way connected with your use of this Website whether such liability is under contract.
Lifeboat Foundation, including its officers, directors and employees shall not be held liable for any indirect, consequential or special liability arising out of or in any way related to your use of this Website.
Indemnification
You hereby indemnify to the fullest extent Lifeboat Foundation from and against any and/or all liabilities, costs, demands, causes of action, damages, and expenses arising in any way related to your breach of any of the provisions of these Terms.
Severability
If any provision of these Terms is found to be invalid under any applicable law, such provisions shall be deleted without affecting the remaining provisions herein.
Variation of Terms
Lifeboat Foundation is permitted to revise these Terms at any time as it sees fit, and by using this Website you are expected to review these Terms on a regular basis.
Assignment
The Lifeboat Foundation is allowed to assign, transfer, and subcontract its rights and/or obligations under these Terms without any notification. However, you are not allowed to assign, transfer, or subcontract any of your rights and/or obligations under these Terms.
Entire Agreement
These Terms constitute the entire agreement between Lifeboat Foundation and you in relation to your use of this Website, and supersede all prior agreements and understandings.
Governing Law & Jurisdiction
These Terms will be governed by and interpreted in accordance with
the laws of the State of Nevada, and you submit to the non-exclusive
jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in Nevada for the
resolution of any disputes.
Table of Contents
Legal Status
Copyright and Trademark Information
External Links
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Warranties and Disclaimers
Lifeboat Foundation intends for the information and data contained in
the Lifeboat web site to be accurate and reliable, however, since the
information and data have been compiled by Lifeboat Foundation from a
variety of sources, it is provided “as is”. Lifeboat Foundation
expressly disclaims all warranties and/or conditions, express or
implied, as to any matter whatsoever relating to or referenced by the
lifeboat.com website, including, but not limited to, the implied
warranties
and/or conditions of merchantability or satisfactory quality and fitness
for a particular purpose and non infringement.
GETAS THREAT LEVEL: GUARDED
TOP DONOR: BRIAN CARTMELL
#2 DONOR: DONALD MACLEAN
#3 DONOR: JEFF BONE/TOPSIGHT FUND
#4 DONOR: PEG KAY
LF FUND:
$601,675.58
BITCOIN ENDOWMENT:
$10,858,331.13
A-PRIZE:
$30,013.00
NANOSHIELD: $17,018.00
X-RISKS NETWORK: $3,108.00
AISHIELD: $4,114.00
LIFEBOAT NEWS: 3,067 SUBSCRIBERS
GETAS ALERTS: 442 SUBSCRIBERS
BLOG: 52,947 POSTS
BOARDS: 2,854 MEMBERS
REPORTS: 55
PROGRAMS: 25
FORUMS: 13
QUOTES: 136
FACEBOOK: 9,798 MEMBERS
LINKEDIN: 2,066 MEMBERS
TWITTER FEED: 32,599 MEMBERS
FIGHT AIDS: 3 MEMBERS
[email protected]: 15 MEMBERS
[email protected]: 44 MEMBERS
A-PRIZE: 55 MEMBERS
NANOSHIELD: 69 MEMBERS
AISHIELD: 25 MEMBERS
DONORS: 4,156
LF-500: 13 MEMBERS
PATRON: 1 MEMBER
FIRST CLASS: 1 MEMBER
EXECUTIVE: 12 MEMBERS
ECONOMY: 23 MEMBERS
A-500: 1 MEMBER
© 2002–2020 Lifeboat Foundation