http://lightingdesignlab.com/privacy-and-ada-notice
Skip to main content
Education
Resources
Mockups
Consults
Privacy and ADA Notice
Lighting Design Lab (LDL) is committed to protecting your privacy. It is our organization’s policy to never sell or share personal information with any outside individuals or companies. We provide general data to our funding partners for reporting purposes only. For secure registration and payment for classes and seminars held by LDL, PayPal® is our online payment vendor.  Only your registration confirmation and the: Total Amount; Currency; Transaction ID; Quantity; Item/Product Name; Invoice ID; and Buyer Name are provided to us by PayPal. For more information about PayPal Privacy click here.
From time to time, LDL may direct specific invitations, announcements and information to you via email or U.S. mail. Participation in such communication is solely at your discretion. If you choose to be removed from our contact list or you would like to change how you receive communication from us (e.g., email vs. U.S. mail), simply click here and let us know your contact preference. In the subject line please note: ADD CONTACT, REMOVE CONTACT, or EDIT CONTACT.
LDL’s Use of Cookies: Cookies are simple text files stored on your computer by your web browser. The LDL policy is to limit the use of cookies. However, some of the applications LDL builds and purchases utilize cookies to confirm the integrity of online transactions. Cookies used in this manner do not contain personally identifiable information. Applets are tools downloaded to your computer to work with the software you have. Applets are intended to enhance your browsing experience by enabling you to view information in a unique manner or enable access to information that your computer would otherwise be unable to access without the applet. LDL does not currently use applets. If the decision is made to utilize applets, users of the LDL website would not be required to use them.
LDL is an organizational unit of Seattle City Light. As such, the policies to protect your privacy are further governed accordingly. In the State of Washington, Public Disclosure laws exist to ensure that government is open and that the public has a right to access appropriate records and information possessed by City government (The Public Records Act or "PRA" RCW 42.56.070). At the same time, there are exceptions to the public's right to access public records that serve various needs including the privacy of individuals. Both state and federal laws provide exceptions. The PRA requires the disclosure of all public records unless a particular record (or particular information contained in a record) is specifically exempt under the PRA or other applicable law. For example, there is no categorical exemption for residential telephone numbers, residential addresses, or personal email addresses. However, the PRA does not require the disclosure of "credit card numbers, debit card numbers, electronic check numbers, card expiration dates, or bank or other financial account numbers supplied to [the City] for the purpose of electronic transfer of funds, except when disclosure is expressly required by law". For additional information: City of Seattle Online Privacy and Security Policies.
The Public Records Act does not authorize the City to give, sell or provide access to lists of individuals to entities seeking to use the lists for commercial purposes. City practice is to require those who request lists of individuals to sign an affidavit stating that they do not have a commercial purpose (such as contacting those on the list to propose a commercial transaction). However, the City cannot guarantee that a requester will not, despite signing such an affidavit, contact individuals on the list for a commercial purpose. In the event of a conflict between this Privacy Notice and the Public Records Act or other law governing the disclosure of records, the Public Records Act or other applicable law will control.
Title II of the American Disabilities Act (ADA) requires the City of Seattle to provide people with disabilities an equal opportunity to access City services, programs and activities. For the Notice Under the Americans with Disabilities Act, click here.
Lighting Design Lab uses Opt-in contact forms on its website and in its promotional material. If you choose to Opt-in, you have chosen to receive communications and promotions from LDL. At any time, you can Opt-out in one of two ways: 1) contacting us directly or 2) using the Unsubscribe button on email communication from Lighting Design Lab providing that option.
Lighting Design Lab uses Google Analytics to track activity on its website. No personal information is identified. Some of the data collected includes how visitors got to the site, which pages were visited, how long the stay was, what kind of computer or mobile device was used, and general demographic information. Visitor usage allows us to better understand how our website is used in order to help make enhancements to the visitor and customer experience. To Opt-out from Google Analytics click here.
Lighting Design Lab
2915 4th Ave. S
Seattle, WA 98134
(206) 256-6161
www.lightingdesignlab.com
Copyright © 2018 Lighting Design Lab
Rev. 20180103