https://link.springer.com/cookiepolicy
Skip to main content
Cookie Policy
The website uses cookies. You can deactivate or block cookies either by changing the
settings within our Privacy Preference Centre or within your Browser.
Please note that if you deactivate cookie groups from the Privacy Preference Centre and save
your changes, then those groups will only be deactivated the next time you visit the site,
or by refreshing the page. Additionally you can then remove the cookies from your machine
using the methods described below.
About cookies
Cookies are files, often including unique identifiers, that are sent by web servers to
web browsers, and which may then be sent back to the server each time the browser
requests a page from the server.
Cookies can be used by web servers to identity and track users as they navigate
different pages on a website, and to identify users returning to a website.
Cookies may be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies. A persistent cookie
consists of a text file sent by a web server to a web browser, which will be stored by
the browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date (unless deleted by the user
before the expiry date). A session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of
the user session, when the web browser is closed.
Cookies on the website
We use both session cookies and persistent cookies on the website.
How we use cookies
Cookies do not contain any information that personally identifies you, but personal
information that we store about you may be linked, by us, to the information stored in
and obtained from cookies. The cookies used on the website include those which are
strictly necessary cookies for access and navigation, cookies that track usage
(performance cookies), remember your choices (functionality cookies), and cookies that
provide you with targeted content or advertising.
We may use the information we obtain from your use of our cookies for the following
purposes:
to recognise your computer when you visit the website
to track you as you navigate the website, and to enable the use of any e-commerce
facilities
to improve the website's usability
to analyse the use of the website
in the administration of the website
to personalise the website for you, including targeting advertisements which may be
of particular interest to you.
For more information on managing advertising personalisation through your Google account
please visit this
page.
Manage cookies
Third party cookies
When you use the website, you may also be sent third party cookies.
Our advertisers and service providers may send you cookies. They may use the information
they obtain from your use of their cookies:
to track your browser across multiple websites
to build a profile of your web surfing
to target advertisements which may be of particular interest to you.
In addition to the information we provide in this Cookie Policy, you can find out more
information about your online choices at
http://www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/opt-out-help
Blocking cookies
You can block cookies by group using our Privacy Preference
Centre . In addition to this most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies.
For example:
in Internet Explorer you can refuse all cookies by clicking "Tools", "Internet
Options", "Privacy", and selecting "Block all cookies" using the sliding selector.
in Firefox you can block all cookies by clicking "Tools", "Options", and un-checking
"Accept cookies from sites" in the "Privacy" box.
in Google Chrome you can adjust your cookie permissions by clicking "Options",
"Under the hood", Content Settings in the "Privacy" section. Click on the Cookies
tab in the Content Settings.
in Safari you can block cookies by clicking “Preferences”, selecting the “Privacy”
tab and “Block cookies”.
Blocking all cookies will, however, have a negative impact upon the usability of many
websites. If you block cookies, you may not be able to use certain features on the
website (log on, access content, use search functions).
Deleting cookies
You can also delete cookies already stored on your computer:
in Internet Explorer, you must manually delete cookie files.
in Firefox, you can delete cookies by, first ensuring that cookies are to be deleted
when you "clear private data" (this setting can be changed by clicking "Tools",
"Options" and "Settings" in the "Private Data" box) and then clicking "Clear private
data" in the "Tools" menu.
in Google Chrome you can adjust your cookie permissions by clicking "Options",
"Under the hood", Content Settings in the "Privacy" section. Click on the Cookies
tab in the Content Settings.
in Safari you can delete cookies by clicking “Preferences”, selecting the “Privacy”
tab and “Remove All Website Data”.
Obviously, doing this may have a negative impact on the usability of many websites.
Privacy Preference Centre
The Privacy Preference Centre can be accessed either via the banner displayed when you
first visit the site, or the “Cookie settings” link in the footer of this page. It
allows you to view the groups of cookies we store (as outlined above in How We Use
Cookies), and manage whether the cookies for those groups are active.
Contact us
For more information visit our contact us page.