https://linkotechnology.com/privacy-policy
Privacy PolicyOverviewLinko (Aquatic Informatics) is committed to protecting the privacy of personal information of identifiable individuals who visit our website (the “Site”).  Amendments to this Privacy Policy will be posted to the Site and will be effective when posted. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of any amendment to the Privacy Policy shall constitute your acceptance of such amendment.Consent and Information Collection and UseWhen you visit the Site, we may ask for personal information that will be used for purposes set out in this Privacy Policy.  Some information is also automatically collected, such as your Internet Protocol (“IP“) address, your operating system, the browser type, the address of a referring website, and your activity on the Site.  We treat this information as personal information if we combine it with or link it to any of the identifying personal information mentioned above.By providing personal information to us, you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of such personal information as specified in this Privacy Policy. Without limiting your consent to such collection, use and disclosure, we may on occasion ask you to consent when we collect, use, or disclose your personal information in specific circumstances. Sometimes your consent will be implied through your conduct with us if the purpose of the collection, use or disclosure is obvious and you voluntarily provide the information.  We do not knowingly collect the personal information from anyone under the major age of consent in the jurisdiction of residence of the individual or determined based on the address of such individual.We may store and process personal information in Canada and other countries.We may use your personal or account information for the following purposes:To personalize your experience. Your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs.To improve our website. We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.To improve customer service. Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.To process purchase transactions.To send periodic emails. If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety.Rights to Your InformationWe strive to ensure that any personal information we retain and use is accurate, complete and up-to-date as necessary for the purposes for which we will use it.  If our records regarding your personal information are inaccurate or incomplete, we will amend that information at your request. Should you ever wish to be removed from our database, we will process your request immediately.Aggregated DataWe may also use your personal information and Site usage statistics to generate Aggregated Data for internal use and for sharing with others on a selective basis. “Aggregated Data” means records which have been stripped of information potentially identifying customers or users, and which have been manipulated or combined to provide generalized, anonymous information. Your identity and personal information will be kept anonymous in Aggregated Data.LinksThe Site may contain links to other sites. This Privacy Policy does not apply to other sites and we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such sites. We encourage you to read the privacy policy of linked sites prior to providing them with personal information.  Their privacy policies and practices may differ significantly from our policies and practices.Cookies and Log FilesWe may use cookies and log files to track user information. Cookies are small amounts of data that are transferred to your web browser by a web server and are stored on your computer’s hard drive. We use cookies to track which page variant a visitor has seen, to track if a visitor has clicked on a page variant, to monitor traffic patterns and to gauge popularity of website pages and options.  We will use this information to deliver relevant content and services to you.Most Web browsers are set to accept cookies by default.  If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove cookies and to reject cookies.  If you choose to remove cookies or reject cookies, this could affect certain features or services of our Site.SecurityWe will strive to prevent unauthorized access to your personal information, however, no data transmission over the Internet, by wireless device or over the air is guaranteed to be 100% secure.  We will continue to enhance security procedures as new technologies and procedures become available.We strongly recommend that you do not disclose your account information, including your password, to anyone.Please remember that you control what personal information you provide while using the Site. Ultimately, you are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your identification, passwords and/or any personal information in your possession for the use of the Site. Always be careful and responsible regarding your personal information. Please advise us immediately if you believe your password has been misused.We are not responsible for, and cannot control, the use by others of any information which you provide to them and you should use caution in selecting the personal information you provide to others through the Site. Similarly, we cannot assume any responsibility for the content of any personal information or other information which you receive from other users through the Site, and you release us from any and all liability in connection with the contents of any personal information or other information which you may receive using the Site. We cannot guarantee, or assume any responsibility for verifying, the accuracy of the personal information or other information provided by any third party. You release us from any and all liability in connection with the use of such personal information or other information of others.Contact UsIf you have any questions or suggestions regarding our Privacy Policy, please contact us.Last updated: September 21, 2020