https://liu.se/en/article/integritetspolicy-liu
Linköping University – Privacy Policy
Controller of personal data
Linköpings universitet (202100-3096) is the controller of personal data for the processing of personal data that takes place within the framework of Linköping University operations. This document explains how your personal data are processed at Linköping University.
Why are personal data processed?
Linköping University is a government agency. When you contact us, it will in many cases be necessary for us to process your personal data in order to be able to help you. We process your personal data in order to be able to fulfil our mission, which involves, among other things, providing education, conducting research, collaborating with the surrounding society, and informing others about our operations. The most common reasons that we process your personal data are that you are a student, researcher, participant in a research study, employee, collaboration partner, or participant in a seminar, conference or similar. We may also process your personal data if you are in contact with us for another reason. In addition to these reasons, we also process personal data in order to comply with legislation, for statistical purposes, and to examine and improve our operations.
Linköping University uses social media such as Facebook and Twitter. For these accounts, Linköping University is principally responsible for any personal data that it itself publishes. For personal data that others process, we are responsible solely to the extent that we can influence the contents. We take action to delete unsuitable content.
When you use the IT resources provided by Linköping University, traces of your activity may remain in order to be used in IT security work carried out by the university.
How does Linköping University obtain your personal data?
Linköping University collects the personal data that you provide to us for any of the reasons stated above. We may in certain cases also collect personal data from other sources, such as the Swedish Tax Agency and other institutions of higher education.
Disclosure of personal data
Much of the information held by Linköping University is in the form of official documents. If your personal data are present in an official document, it may be disclosed as specified by the Public Access to Information and Secrecy Act. It is possible that your personal data will be disclosed if this is necessary for us to satisfy the terms of a contract between you and the university. This is also the case if it is necessary for the university to fulfil legal obligations, or carry out a work-related task of public interest or a work-related task in association with the exercise of public authority in which processing of the information is necessary.
How long will the personal data be retained?
We will preserve your information as long as it is necessary for the purpose for which it was collected. Linköping University may retain your information for longer, if it is necessary to fulfil legal requirements or to protect the legal interests of the university. If you are a student, your personal data will be preserved from the time at which you are admitted to a programme or course. Your personal data are used for course administration, examinations, documentation of study results, and to support you in the study situation. The data will be deleted when you are no longer a student at the university. Some information, such as study results, is stored for a longer period, to comply with Swedish legislation (the Archives Act, the Higher Education Act). If you are a participant in a research study, your personal data will be stored for as long as is necessary to ensure the quality of the research. If you are an employee of the university, your personal data will be stored for as long as is necessary to manage the employment relationship and for as long as the university is obliged to do so by law.
Transfer to third countries
In certain circumstances, Linköping University will transfer your personal data to countries outside of the EU/EEA. This will be done in association with, for example, international research projects, student exchange programmes, and other situations in which such transfer of personal data is necessary. You will be informed in such cases that a transfer to a third country is taking place, when you provide the university with your information.
The major part of the processing of your personal data takes place within the EU/EEA, and all of our IT systems are located there. It may, however, be necessary in association with system support and maintenance to transfer the information to a country outside of the EU/EEA. This may be necessary, for example, if we pass your information on to a processor of personal information who, either itself or through a subcontractor, is established or stores information outside of the EU/EEA. The processor in such cases obtains access only to that part of the information that is relevant to the task.
Linköping University will take measures to protect all personal data that are transferred to third parties in this way, and those data transferred to countries outside of the EU/EEA, as specified by current legislation. The university will ensure that an adequate level of protection is given to personal data that are transferred outside of the EU/EES.
What are your rights as a data subject?
You have the right to obtain information about the personal data about you that are processed by Linköping University. You may request this in writing by contacting the registrar’s office at Linköping University, either by email or letter. If you consider that information about you is erroneous or misleading, you may request that the information be rectified.
You also have the right to information about the legal basis on which we justify our processing of your data, how long we plan to store the data, and who has access to the data. You may have the information that we have about you deleted if there is no legal basis that requires that we retain the information. You also have the right to request that the use of certain of your personal data be limited. You have the right to withdraw consent that you have given, and the right to challenge a decision at the relevant regulatory authority.
Contact
Please contact us if you have any questions about how we process your personal data.
registrator@liu.se
dataskyddsombud@liu.se
Tags
Show/Hide content
Linköping University (LIU)
Share
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on LinkedIn
Share via email
We use cookies on this website to provide you with the best possible user experience. By continuing to use this site you accept the use of cookies. For more information about the use of cookies and how LiU is handling your personal data, see About this website
OK