https://loopedlogic.com/legal/
Legal
Home / Legal
Legal
All content on this website — including, but not limited to, the intellectual property, text, images, graphics, photographs, trademarks, trade dress, trade names, copyrights, technical know-how, logos, and computer code — is owned, controlled or licensed by Looped LOGIC Lab Furniture, a subsidiary of BlackRock Trading Cos., Inc. Portions of this content are protected by trade secret, intellectual property, unfair competition and other applicable laws.
You may print or download material from this website for your own use with regard to the website’s intent, i.e., to evaluate and choose the products and services offered by Looped LOGIC Lab Furniture, to learn more about Looped LOGIC Lab Furniture, etc.. This information is provided for your personal and non-commercial use. You may not reproduce, alter, distribute, republish, sell, upload, “mirror”, license, create derivative works from, display, transfer, sell any information provided herein nor may you post material on this site without the prior written permission of Looped LOGIC Lab Furniture.
If you believe that any material on this site violates the intellectual property rights or any rights of other parties, please email us with complete details. We will review the information and take appropriate action.
The content on this site is subject to change without notice, and is offered as is, without warranties of any kind. The information on this site is offered for informational purposes only and Looped Logic Lab Furniture makes no representation about the suitability of the information herein and related graphics for any purpose. Looped Logic Lab Furniture MAKES NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT BY POSTING SUCH DOCUMENTS OR INFORMATION FOUND ON THIS SITE. IN NO EVENT SHALL LOOPED LOGIC, BLACKROCK TRADING COS., INC., OR THEIR AFFILIATES BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, (including without limitation damage or interruption to computer systems, viruses or other defects) WHETHER IN AN ACTION FOR CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OF THE INFORMATION HEREIN OR ACCESS TO THIS SITE EVEN IF LOOPED LOGIC AND/OR BLACKROCK TRADING COS., INC. HAS/HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
This site may contain links to other sites. Looped Logic Lab Furniture is not responsible for the content, legal policies, or privacy policies of other websites. Looped Logic Lab Furniture is not responsible for media streaming, webcasting or any other form of transmission received from any linked site. Looped Logic Lab Furniture is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Looped Logic Lab Furniture of the site or any content therein.
Except where noted, Looped Logic Lab Furniture and/or BlackRock Trading Cos., Inc. own(s) all trade names, trademarks, service marks, logos, etc., including Looped Logic Lab Furniture, BlackRock Trading Cos., Inc., the tagline, “Fast, affordable quality. The way to get science done,” and the artwork and “look and feel” of this website. No other use of this protected material is permitted without prior written permission of Looped Logic Lab Furniture and/or BlackRock Trading Cos., Inc., and/or other copyright owners.
Looped Logic Lab Furniture is located in Camarillo, California. By accessing this site, you agree that any dispute arising from or relating to this site and the relationship and interaction between you and Looped Logic Lab Furniture (whether in contract, tort, law or equity) shall be governed by and construed under and according to the laws of the state of California without regard to the principles of conflicts of law. Additionally, any such dispute shall be resolved in the competent courts located in Ventura County, California, you hereby expressly waive any right you may otherwise have to cause any such action or proceeding to be brought or tried elsewhere.
If a court or an arbitrator of competent jurisdiction holds any provision found in these Legal Notices to be illegal, unenforceable, or invalid in whole or in part for any reason, the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions, or portions of them, shall not be affected.
This policy may be changed at any time. Changes will be posted on this website and will take effect on the date of posting.
By accessing and using this website, you agree to the policies, terms, and conditions outlined above, any updates, and in our Privacy Policies.
Notice to EEA residents:
The European Economic Area (EEA) provides certain rights to data subjects (including access, rectification, erasure, restriction of processing, data portability, and the right to object and to complain). Looped LOGIC undertakes to provide you the same rights no matter where you choose to live.
We keep your personal information for as long as it is required for the purposes stated in our Privacy Policy. When we no longer have a legitimate need to process your information, we will delete, anonymize, or isolate your information, whichever is appropriate.
If you are in the European Economic Area and you believe that someone has entrusted your information to us for processing (for instance, your employer or a company whose services you use), you can request certain actions from us regarding your data. To exercise those data rights, please contact the person or company that entrusted the data to us and we will work with them on your request.
If you are an individual from the European Economic Area (EEA), our legal basis for information collection and use depends on the personal information concerned and the context in which we collect it. Most of our information collection and processing activities are typically based on (i) providing you with information that you request, (ii) serving your customer service needs, (iii) one or more legitimate interests of Looped LOGIC or a third party that are not overridden by your data protection interests (for example, shippers and other entities that are working with you or with Looped LOGIC to complete your lab project), or (iv) your consent. Sometimes, we may be legally required to collect your information, or may need your personal information to protect your vital interests or those of another person.
Withdrawal of consent: Where we rely on your consent as the legal basis, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, but this will not affect any processing that has already taken place.
Legitimate interests notice: Where we rely on legitimate interests as the legal basis and those legitimate interests are not specified above, we will clearly explain to you what those legitimate interests are at the time that we collect your information.
Please see our Privacy Policy for additional information. By accessing and using this website, you agree to the policies, terms, and conditions outlined above, any updates, and in our Privacy Policies.
Last Updated: 6/21/18.
Need something else?
Tap into the power of custom orders and specialized products.
Get in touch today 866.340.2622
All products now come in our new standard color, Petal White. If you need Shadow, please contact a lab planning specialist for custom orders.
+