http://louisville-astro.org/privacy
Log in
Louisville Astronomical Society
Events
E.P Tom Sawyer Events
Event Status
News
LAS Info
Observing Venues
Maps
Map to Curby
Clear Sky Charts
Programs
Library Telescope Program
STAR CAMP
Starword Issues
Club Documents
LAS Board/Team
Contact
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The Louisville Astronomical Society (LAS) places a high priority on protecting your privacy. This policy explains what types of information are collected by the LAS website, http://www.louisville-astro.org, and how this information is used.
What Personal Information is Collected
Individuals that register for membership in the LAS or register for an event voluntarily provide us with contact information (such as name, email address, phone, etc.) We may use this information for specific, limited purposes. We don’t store personal information on our servers unless necessary for the operation of our services. We do not store credit card information on our servers. We try to make it easy for you to control what is visible to the public and keep the rest private. You may refuse to supply personal identifying information, with the caveat that you may not be able to engage in certain website-related activities.
IP Addresses
The LAS uses your IP address to diagnose problems with the server and for statistical metrics used to track website visitor traffic. It is also recorded for security reasons and forum/blog managers can see your IP address if you leave a comment.
Cookies
The LAS uses cookies to automatically help provide better services. Cookies let us know who you are and your preferences for our website based on what you have told us before. The cookie is placed on your computer and is read when you visit the next time. They also let us track usage of the LAS website, so we know which parts of our website are most popular. You can reject cookies or cancel them by setting your Web browser security preferences. If there are external advertisements on the LAS website, our cookie policy does not apply to them.
How Your Information May Be Used
We use your information to provide personalized service; to send email alerts to you; to answer your requests; to process your membership application, etc. You may always opt-out of receiving event and general information emails, either now or in the future. However, we will always send out renewal emails. You may stop all emails, including renewals, by contacting us. We may use traffic data from your visits to provide aggregate reporting (not identifying you personally) to outside parties and for planning purposes. The LAS may disclose personally-identifying information only to it’s officers, members, contractors and affiliated organizations that need to know that information to process it on the behalf of the LAS and that have agreed not to disclose it to others. The LAS discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when The LAS believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of the LAS, third parties or the public at large.
Email Privacy
The LAS does not provide, sell or rent email addresses to anyone outside the organization.
External Links
The LAS website includes links to external websites. These links do not fall under the http://www.louisville-astro.org domain, and the LAS is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of external websites. This includes social media sites like Google, Facebook, Yahoo, etc. Your use of any linked website is solely at your own risk.
Modifications
We may update this privacy policy at any time without notice. Please review it regularly. Your continued use of our website after the date such changes are posted shall be deemed to be your agreement to the changed policy.
Copyright 2016 Louisville Astronomical Society, Inc.
Louisville Astronomical Society, Inc. is a 501(c)3 non-profit organization. P.O. Box 17554, Louisville, KY 40217
Powered by Wild Apricot Membership Software