http://maristpoll.marist.edu/privacy/
Politics
Podcasts
Academy
Client Services
Methods
About
Contact
Connect with us
Privacy Policy
Effective February 21, 2017
1. Introduction
Your (“You” or “Your”) privacy concerns are important to The Marist Institute for Public Opinion (“Us”, “We” or “Our”), and protecting Your privacy and safeguarding Your information is one of Our highest goals. You need to know what information is being collected about You through Our website (“Site”) and how Your information may be used. To that end, this Privacy Policy explains what information We may collect about You.
2. Collection of Information
In connection with Your use of the Site, You may manually provide some of the information We collect about You. For example, We may require You to provide certain information, including, but not limited to, Your name, mailing address, e-mail addresses, telephone number and other personally identifiable information. Other information collected by Us may be provided automatically when You access the Site, such as observing Your use of the Site, through the use of cookies (described below), and may be obtained from other sources such as Our business partners. We do not require you provide personal information to visit the Site; however, You may choose to provide Us with personal information through an email message, form, survey, audio or video transmissions, etc.
3. No Collection of Children’s Personal Information
Our Site is intended for general audiences and commercial use. We do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 13. We reserve the right to delete any information We believe to be in violation of this Privacy Policy.
4. Use of Information
We automatically collect and temporarily store information about Your visit. The information We collect enables Us to refine and offer better services and provide the Site to You. We may share the information We collect about You with Our business partners. The types of information we collect include, but are not limited to:
the date and time of Your visit;
IP addresses;
browser type, operating system, and language;
the pages you visited;
Your email address(es), if available; and
the address of the Web site from which You came.
5. Cookies
When You visit the Site, We may place a text file called a “cookie” on Your computer’s hard drive. A cookie is a small piece of information that a website can store on Your web browser and later retrieve. A cookie enables the Site to recognize You as a prior user, provides the Site with information regarding Your prior use and assists Us in determining what portions of the Site are most appropriate for You. Your Web browser may provide You with the ability to not accept cookies. However, in order to take full advantage of the Site, We recommend that You accept cookies from the Site.
Portions of the Site use third-party tools which use cookies to collect anonymous traffic data. By using this Site, you consent to the processing of data about you by third-parties in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
6. Disclosure
We do not sell, license, lease or otherwise disclose Your information to any other parties; except that We may disclose Your information (i) when We have your express permission, (ii) when We believe, in good faith, that disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with laws, law enforcement or court orders; or (iii) in order to enforce or apply our Terms and Conditions of Use found at http://maristpoll.marist.edu/terms-of-use, and other agreements, or to protect the rights, property or safety of another person, including Our own property or rights.
7. No Liability
We have made significant investments in protecting and safeguarding Your information. We continuously upgrade and enhance Our security measures as new tools, techniques and technology become available. However, We do not guaranty that any such information will not be misused or disclosed to third parties. We will not have any liability to You for any such misuse or disclosure. If You choose to purchase a product or service offered by another company, any information You share with that company will not be controlled by this Privacy Policy, You do so at Your own risk, and We have no liability to You.
This policy does not cover privacy for the use of Marist College owned equipment or other information resources. Use of Marist College equipment and other information resources are covered in the Information Security Policy, found at http://security.marist.edu.
8. Consent
By using the Site, You consent to the collection and use of Your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy. If We decide to change this Privacy Policy, which We may do at any time without notice to You, We will post those changes on this page. By continuing to use the Site after We have posted the changes, You agree to and accept such changes. You should periodically check the Site for changes to this Privacy Policy.
9. Additional Information
We welcome Your questions, comments and requests for additional information regarding privacy of the Site.
To Top