https://mbnlptrial.wordpress.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Website privacy policy
We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors; this policy sets out how we will treat your personal information.
(1) What information do we collect?
We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal data:
(a) information about your visits to and use of this website;
(b) information about any transactions carried out between you and us on or in relation to this website, including information relating to any purchases you make of our goods or services. We never get to see your debit or credit card information when you make a purchase.
(c) information that you provide to us for the purpose of registering with us and/or subscribing to our website services and/or email notifications;
(2) Information about website visits
We may collect information about you computer and your visits to this website such as your IP address, geographical location, browser type, referral source, length of visit and number of page views. We may use this information in the administration of this website, to improve the website’s usability, and for marketing purposes.
We use cookies on this website. A cookie is a text file sent by a web server to a web browser, and stored by the browser. The text file is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. This enables the web server to identify and track the web browser.
We may send a cookie which may be stored on by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. We may use the information we obtain from the cookie in the administration of this website, to improve the website’s usability and for marketing purposes. We may also use that information to recognise your computer when you visit our website, and to personalise our website for you. [Our advertisers may also send you cookies.]
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies. (For example, in Internet Explorer you can refuse all cookie by clicking “Tools”, “Internet Options”, “Privacy”, and selecting “Block all cookies” using the sliding selector.) This will, however, have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites , including this one.
(3) Using your personal data
Personal data submitted on this website will be used for the purposes specified in this privacy policy or in relevant parts of the website.
In addition to the uses identified elsewhere in this privacy policy, we may use your personal information to:
(a) improve your browsing experience by personalising the website;
We will not without your express consent provide your personal information to any third parties for the purpose of direct marketing.
(4) Other disclosures
In addition to the disclosures reasonably necessary for the purposes identified elsewhere in this privacy policy, we may disclose information about you:
(a) to the extent that we are required to do so by law;
(b) in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings;
(c) in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk);
Except as provided in this privacy policy, we will not provide your information to third parties.
(5) International data transfers
Information that we collect may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which we operate in order to enable us to use the information in accordance with this privacy policy.
(6) Security of your personal data
We will take reasonable precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information. However, some forms of data transmission over the internet is inherently insecure, and we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the internet. All information relating to purchases is handled by a third-party company who uses the industry standard secure encryption algorithms to protect your data. Furthermore, we cannot guarantee that your computer is free of viruses, Trojans or other malware programs that could compromise the security of the information you enter via your web browser.
(7) Policy amendments
We may update this privacy policy from time-to-time by posting a new version on our website. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes.
(8) Your rights
You may instruct us to provide you with any personal information we hold about you. Provision of such information may be subject to the payment of a fee (currently fixed at £10.00).
You may instruct us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. In practice, we require you to expressly agree in advance to our use of your personal data for marketing purposes. You can also instruct us not to use your personal data for marketing purposes by contacting us at the Contact Us page at any time.
(9) Third party websites
The website contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies of third party websites.
(10) Contact
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our treatment of your personal data, please write to us by email or post using the details given on our Contact Us page.
This privacy policy is based on a freely-available template
created and distributed by http://www.website-law.co.uk.
Subscribe Join the newsletter and stay up to date with MBNLP Events and Courses.
Click here to subscribe.
Contact UsMBNLP
Unit 206
The Chocolate Factory
5 Clarendon Road
Wood Green
London N22 6XJ
+44 20 8889 5181info@mbnlp.comMBNLP Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy