http://metamolecular.com/privacy/
Privacy
Metamolecular, LLC ("Metamolecular") operates several websites including metamolecular.com. It is Metamolecular's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Metamolecular collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Metamolecular's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Metamolecular's visitors use its website. From time to time, Metamolecular may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Metamolecular also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. Metamolecular does not use such information to identify its visitors, however, and does not disclose such information, other than under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information, as described below.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Metamolecular's websites choose to interact with Metamolecular in ways that require Metamolecular to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Metamolecular gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who request information at metamolecular.com to provide an email address. Those who engage in transactions with Metamolecular – by requesting product information, for example – are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Metamolecular collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with Metamolecular. Metamolecular does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Metamolecular may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. For instance, Metamolecular may monitor the most popular parts of the metamolecular.com site. Metamolecular may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Metamolecular does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Metamolecular discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Metamolecular's behalf or to provide services available at Metamolecular's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Metamolecular's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Metamolecular will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Metamolecular discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only when required to do so by law, or when Metamolecular believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Metamolecular, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of a Metamolecular website and have supplied your email address, Metamolecular may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with Metamolecular and our products. We primarily use our blogs to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Metamolecular takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Metamolecular uses cookies to help Metamolecular identify and track visitors, their usage of Metamolecular website, and their website access preferences. Metamolecular visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Metamolecular's websites, with the drawback that certain features of Metamolecular's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Metamolecular may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Metamolecular's sole discretion. Metamolecular encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
This document is based on the Automattic Privacy Policy and is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution Share-Alike 2.5.