http://midwestenvironmentalservices.com/contact-midwest/privacy-and-legal/
Privacy and Legal – Midwest Environmental Services
Midwest Environmental ServicesIndustrial Waste Management SolutionsHome
Locations
Brownstown, IN
Charlestown, IN
Cincinnati, OH
Hamilton, OH
Services
Waste Disposal
Oil and By-Products
Safety Training Services
Emergency Response
Household Hazardous Waste
Industrial Cleaning
Lab Packs
Lab Analysis
Plant Closure Services
Recycling
Site Remediation
Tank Cleaning
Transportation
UST Services
Waste Disposal
Approval Information
Hazardous Waste Disposal
Non-Hazardous Waste Disposal
Wastewater
Recycling
Oil Recycling
By-Products
E-Waste
Universal Waste
Waste to Energy
Oil and By-Products
Used Oil
By-Products & Off Specification Products
Asphalt Blend Fuel
Forms
Careers
Contact
Customer Testimonials
Privacy and Legal
Privacy and Legal
Your privacy is important to us. We have developed this privacy policy for the benefit of the users of this web site and to demonstrate our commitment to protecting your privacy.
The following information summarizes our personal data gathering and distribution practices associated with this web site. Please note that we reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy, or any other policy or practice, at any time. Any such changes will be effective immediately upon posting to this web site. You should review this web site for information concerning such changes. Your continued use of this web site following posting of such changes will be conclusively deemed acceptance of the changes.
Collection of Personal Information:
In order to provide you with high quality of service and relevant information, we may periodically collect certain personal information during your visit to this web site. This information is used only to respond to any requests by you for further information or to improve our content and service.
Distribution of Personal Information:
All personal information that we may collect is maintained in the strictest confidence. We do not sell, share, license, or otherwise distribute client and user personal information.
Legal Information:
All contents herein are protected copyright works of Midwest Environmental Services, Inc. All rights reserved.
Solutions. Results
Loading quotes..
Click to read more of what our customers are saying about us!
How Can We Help You?
Did You Know?
The e-Manifest System has been established
You should not pour Lab Waste down the drain
Career Opportunities
Midwest Environmental Services is always looking for talented, team-oriented people to join us.
Employee Login
copyright © 2016-2018 Midwest Environmental Services, Inc.
|
27 Kiesland Court . Hamilton, OH 45015
|
513.681.9990 /phone
24 HOUR EMERGENCY RESPONSE : 1.877.999.7745