https://minucells.com/wpautoterms/terms-and-conditions/
Terms and Conditions - MINUCELLS AND MINUTISSUE
Skip to main content
MINUCELLS AND MINUTISSUE
Menu
Skip to content
Home
Contact
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Blog
Terms and Conditions
January 8, 2018 Pamela MitchellUncategorized No Comments
Last updated: January 8, 2019
Please read these Terms of Use (“Terms”, “Terms of Use”) carefully before using the https://minucells.com website (the “Service”) operated by The Copywriter San Francisco (“us”, “we”, or “our”).
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the Service.
Intellectual Property
The Service and its original content, features and functionality are and will remain the exclusive property of The Copywriter San Francisco and its licensors.
Links To Other Web Sites
Our Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by The Copywriter San Francisco.
The Copywriter San Francisco has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that The Copywriter San Francisco shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.
We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or services that you visit.
Termination
We may terminate or suspend access to our Service immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if you breach the Terms.
All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
Disclaimer
Your use of the Service is at your sole risk. The Service is provided on an “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” basis. The Service is provided without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or course of performance.
Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of United States without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have between us regarding the Service.
Changes
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will try to provide at least 30 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, please stop using the Service.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.
Post navigation
Search for:
Categories
Amazon
Animals
Business
Copywriting
Gaming
Health & Fitness
Media
My Blog
Real Estate
SEO
Technology
Travel & Tourism
Writing
Recent Posts
Personal Fitness Training
What To Do in Kent
Get Rid of Insomnia For The Sleep You Desperately Need
What is Copywriting for Amazon?
Are Marbella Property Management Companies Worth The Time of yours?
Archives
September 2020
August 2020
July 2020
May 2020
April 2020
March 2020
February 2020
Tagsamazon
aricle marketing
article
articles
article writing
blog
bloggers
blogs
business
chartwell
content
conversion tracking
copy
copywriter
copywriters
copywriting
expert
ezines
facebook
freelance
garden of england
gold
health
hubspot
insomnia
investment
kent
likes
marketing
melatonin
optimize
pineal gland
search bots
search engine optimization
seo
seo content writing
seo copywriting
seo writers
sleep
social media
software
split testing
traffic
travel
websites
Proudly powered by WordPress
This website uses cookies to provide you with the best browsing experience.Find out more or adjust your settings.
Accept
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Enable All
Save Settings
Terms and Conditions