https://misonix.com/privacy/
Privacy Policy - Misonix
Products BoneScalpel®SonicOne®O.R.SonaStar®TheraGenesis®TheraSkin®Therion™
About Us
Education
Careers
Investor Relations
Contact
Products
BoneScalpel® SonicOne®O.R. SonaStar® TheraGenesis® TheraSkin® Therion™ About Us Education Careers Investor Relations Contact
Youtube
Linkedin
Instagram
Twitter
Facebook
Privacy Policy
Brittany Flecker
2019-02-12T18:25:01+00:00 MISONIX, Inc. PRIVACY POLICYINTRODUCTIONMisonix, Inc. respects the privacy of our users. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, disclose, and safeguard your information when you visit our website www.misonix.com, including any other media form, media channel, mobile website, or mobile application related or connected thereto Misonix, Inc. Please read this privacy policy carefully.We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason.  We will alert you about any changes by updating the “Last Updated” date of this Privacy Policy.  Any changes or modifications will be effective immediately upon posting the updated Privacy Policy on the Site, and you waive the right to receive specific notice of each such change or modification.You are encouraged to periodically review this Privacy Policy to stay informed of updates. You will be deemed to have been made aware of, will be subject to, and will be deemed to have accepted the changes in any revised Privacy Policy by your continued use of the Site after the date such revised Privacy Policy is posted. COLLECTION OF YOUR INFORMATIONWe may collect information about you in a variety of ways when you visit our Site.  The ways we collect data are described below.Your Access to and Control Over InformationYou can access or control the information we collect by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website.  You have the option to do any of the following at any time:See what data we have about you, if any.Change/correct any data we have about you.Withdraw consent for us to process your personal data and have us delete any data we have about you.Express any concern you have about our use of your data.Opt out of us making future contacts with you.Personal DataPersonally identifiable information, such as your name, shipping address, email address, and telephone number, and demographic information, such as your age, gender, hometown, and interests, that you voluntarily give to us or when you choose to participate in various activities related to the Misonix, Inc., such as online chat and message boards. You are under no obligation to provide us with personal information of any kind, however your refusal to do so may prevent you from using certain features of the Misonix, Inc.Derivative DataInformation our servers automatically collect when you access the Site, such as your IP address, your browser type, your operating system, your access times, and the pages you have viewed directly before and after accessing the www.misonix.com.Data from Social NetworksUser information from social networking sites, such as Facebook, LinkedIn, Instagram,  Twitter, including your name, your social network username, location, gender, birth date, email address, profile picture, and public data for contacts, if you connect your account to such social networks. DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATIONMisonix Inc. is the sole owner of the information collected on this site.  We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.  However, we may share information we have collected about you in certain situations for legal processes or for us to analyze our market or business.  Your information may be disclosed as follows:By Law or to Protect RightsIf we believe the release of information about you is necessary to respond to legal process, to investigate or remedy potential violations of our policies, or to protect the rights, property, and safety of others, we may share your information as permitted or required by any applicable law, rule, or regulation.  This includes exchanging information with other entities for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.Third-Party Service ProvidersWe may share your information with third parties that perform services for us or on our behalf, including payment processing, data analysis, email delivery, hosting services, customer service, and marketing assistance.Marketing CommunicationsWith your consent, or with an opportunity for you to withdraw consent, we may share your information with third parties for marketing purposes, as permitted by law.Interactions with Other UsersIf you interact with other users of the Misonix, Inc and all social media platforms, those users may see your name, profile photo, and descriptions of your activity, including sending invitations to other users, chatting with other users, liking posts, following blogs.Online PostingsWhen you post comments, contributions or other any content related to Misonix, Inc., your posts may be viewed by all users and may be publicly distributed.AffiliatesWe may share your information with our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. Affiliates include our parent company and any subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that we control or that are under common control with us.Business PartnersWe may share your information with our business partners to offer you certain products, services or promotions.Social Media ContactsIf you connect to the Misonix, Inc. through a social network, your contacts on the social network will see your name, profile photo, and descriptions of your activity.Other Third PartiesWe may share your information with advertisers and investors for the purpose of conducting general business analysis. We may also share your information with such third parties for marketing purposes, as permitted by law.Sale or BankruptcyIf we reorganize or sell all or a portion of our assets, undergo a merger, or are acquired by another entity, we may transfer your information to the successor entity.  If we go out of business or enter bankruptcy, your information would be an asset transferred or acquired by a third party.  You acknowledge that such transfers may occur and that the transferee may decline honor commitments we made in this Privacy Policy.We are not responsible for the actions of third parties with whom you share personal or sensitive data, and we have no authority to manage or control third-party solicitations.  If you no longer wish to receive correspondence, emails or other communications from third parties, you are responsible for contacting the third party directly. TRACKING TECHNOLOGIESCookies and Web BeaconsWe may use cookies, web beacons, tracking pixels, and other tracking technologies on the www.misonix.com to help customize and improve your experience. By using the www.misonix.com, you agree to be bound by our Cookie Policy.Internet-Based AdvertisingAdditionally, we may use third-party software to serve ads, implement email marketing campaigns, and manage other interactive marketing initiatives.  This third-party software may use cookies or similar tracking technology to help manage and optimize your online experience with us.Website AnalyticsWe may also partner with selected third-party vendors to allow tracking technologies and remarketing services on www.misonix.com through the use of first party cookies and third-party cookies, to, among other things, analyze and track users’ use of the site  determine the popularity of certain content and better understand online activity. By accessing the any content on www.misonix.com or any of Misonix Inc. social media , you consent to the collection and use of your information by these third-party vendors. You are encouraged to review their privacy policy and contact them directly for responses to your questions. We do not transfer personal information to these third-party vendors. However, if you do not want any information to be collected and used by tracking technologies, you can visit the third-party vendor or the Network Advertising Initiative Opt-Out Tool or Digital Advertising Alliance Opt-Out Tool.You should be aware that getting a new computer, installing a new browser, upgrading an existing browser, or erasing or otherwise altering your browser’s cookies files may also clear certain opt-out cookies, plug-ins, or settings. SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATIONWe use administrative, technical, and physical security measures to help protect your personal information.  While we have taken reasonable steps to secure the personal information you provide to us, please be aware that despite our efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable, and no method of data transmission can be guaranteed against any interception or other type of misuse.  Any information disclosed online is vulnerable to interception and misuse by unauthorized parties. Therefore, we cannot guarantee complete security if you provide personal information. POLICY FOR CHILDRENWe do not knowingly solicit information from or market to children under the age of 18. If you become aware of any data we have collected from children under age 18, please contact us using the contact information provided below. EMAILS AND COMMUNICATIONIf you no longer wish to receive correspondence, emails, or other communications from us, you may opt-out by:Link to unsubscribe will be located the bottom of any marketing campaign emailLogging into your account settings and updating your preferences.Contacting us using the contact information provided belowIf you no longer wish to receive correspondence, emails, or other communications from third parties, you are responsible for contacting the third party directly. CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTSCalifornia Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the “Shine The Light” law, permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to us using the contact information provided below.If you are under 18 years of age, reside in California, and have a registered account with the, you have the right to request removal of unwanted data that you publicly post. To request removal of such data, please contact us using the contact information provided below, and include the email address associated with your account and a statement that you reside in California.  We will make sure the data is not publicly displayed, but please be aware that the data may not be completely or comprehensively removed from our systems. CONTACT USIf you have questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:Misonix, Inc.1938 New HwyFarmingdale, NY 11735TOLL FREE: (800) 694-9612PHONE: (631) 694-9555FAX: (631) 694-9412EMAIL: marketing@misonix.com
References 1American Burn Association Meeting. (2015). Additional data confirms reduction in blood loss with Misonix SonicOne in burn patients.2Murphy, C. A., Houghton, P., Brandys, T., Rose, G., & Bryant, D. (2018). The effect of 22.5 kHz low-frequency contact ultrasound debridement (LFCUD) on lower extremity wound healing for a vascular surgery population: A randomised controlled trial. International Wound Journal, 15(3), 460–472. doi: 10.1111/iwj.128873Granick, M. (2017). Direct-Contact Low-Frequency Ultrasound Clearance of Biofilm From Metallic Implant Materials. Eplasty, 17(e13).4Pakzaban, P. (2014), Ultrasonic Total Uncinectomy: A Novel Technique for Complete Anterior Decompression of Cervical Nerve Roots; Operative Neurosurgery; 10 (4): 535-541.5Langella, S., Russolillo, N., D’Eletto, M., Forchino, F., Tesoriere, R. L., & Ferrero, A. (2015). Oncological safety of ultrasound-guided laparoscopic liver resection for colorectal metastases: a case–control study. Updates in Surgery, 67(2), 147–155. doi: 10.1007/s13304-015-0325-06Lubbe, D. E., Fisher-Jeffes, N., & Semple, P. (2012). Endoscopic resection of skull base tumours utilising the ultrasonic dissector. The Journal of Laryngology & Otology, 126(6), 625–629. doi: 10.1017/s00222151120005887Chaichana, K. L., Jallo, G. I., Dorafshar, A. H., & Ahn, E. S. (2013). Novel use of an ultrasonic bone-cutting device for endoscopic-assisted craniosynostosis surgery. Childs Nervous System, 29(7), 1163–1168. doi: 10.1007/s00381-013-2043-68Jensen WK. Misonix: Use of the BoneScalpel® in posterior lumbar fusions decreases the amount of allograft needed for fusion, thus reducing costs. [poster]. NASS 32nd Annual Meeti ng. 2017.9Bydon, M., Xu, R., Papademetriou, K., Sciubba, D. M., Wolinsky, J.-P., Witham, T. F., … Bydon, A. (2013). Safety of spinal decompression using an ultrasonic bone curette compared with a high-speed drill: outcomes in 337 patients. Journal of Neurosurgery: Spine, 18(6), 627–633. doi: 10.3171/2013.2.spine1287910U.S. News Releases 30th Annual 2019-20 Best Hospitals Rankings. (2019, July 30). Retrieved January 16, 2020, from https://www.usnews.com/info/blogs/press-room/articles/2019-07-30/us-news-releases-30th-annual-2019-20-best-hospitals-rankings11“Ultrasonic Tangential Burn Excision Reduces Blood Loss.” Abraham P. Houng M.D., Sylvia J. Petrone M.D., Robin A. Lee M.D., Christina Lee M.D., Michael A. Marano M.D.12Murphy CA, Houghton P, Brandys T, Rose G, Bryant D. The effect of 22.5 kHz low-frequency contact ultrasound debridement (LFCUD) on lower extremity wound healing for a vascular surgery population: A randomized controlled trial. Int Wound J. 2017;1–12.
Copyright 2020 Misonix
Privacy PolicyYoutubeLinkedinInstagramTwitterFacebook
This site uses cookies and other web tracking technologies. By continuing on this site you agree to the use of these cookies. Please click here to view our Cookie Policy and manage the cookies we use.OkPrivacy policy