http://moltox.com/index.php?main_page=conditions
Our Products
Ames Products
Ames Products
See all
Back
Bacterial Tester Strains
Positive Controls
Minimal Glucose Agars
Phenotype & Growth Media
S9 & Regenerating Systems
Top Agars
Mutagenicity Assay Kits & Reagents
Mutagenicity Assay Kits & Reagents
See all
Back
Additional Mutagenicity Assay Reagents
Ames Plate Incorporation Assay Kits
Microtiter Fluctuation Assay Kits
Other Kits
Prepared Culture Media
Prepared Culture Media
See all
Back
Alphabetical List
by Application
by Microorganism
LB (Luria-Burtani) Agar/Broth
Nutrient Agar/Broth
Tryptic Soy Agar/Broth
Reagents
Reagents
See all
Back
Antibiotic Solutions/Discs
Buffers
Glucose
Other Reagents
Vogel Bonner Salts (VBE)
Distributors
Terms & Conditions
ABOUT US
QC Docs - Catalogs - Manuals
More
Contact us
Home/
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
These terms and conditions of sale (“Agreement”) are
applicable to any order placed with and accepted by Molecular Toxicology, Inc.
(MOLTOX) herein referred to as (“Seller”) and govern the sale of Products
(“Product or Products”) produced by MOLTOX. These terms and conditions take
precedence over Buyer’s supplemental or conflicting terms and conditions to
which notice of objections are hereby given. Seller’s commencement of delivery
shall not be deemed or construed as acceptance of Buyer’s supplemental or conflicting
terms and conditions. Buyer’s acceptance of the Products from Seller shall be
deemed to constitute acceptance of the terms and conditions contained herein.
1. Scope of
Agreement:  Seller, upon acceptance
of an Order placed by Buyer, will supply the products specified in the Order to
Buyer, pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. All Sales Order
confirmations constitute an offer limited to these terms. Modifications to this
agreement must be voluntarily agreed to in writing by Seller. Seller reserves
the right to review Buyer’s orders and/or production requirements before such
orders are deemed accepted by Seller.
2. Orders:  All orders placed by Buyer are subject to
acceptance by Seller. Seller agrees to use its best efforts to provide Buyer
with the Product in a timely manner and in a sufficient
supply pursuant to requirements as set forth on the Standard Order Form.
However, Seller shall have the express right to refuse/deny and Order, or
portion thereof, if said Order is unreasonable, commercially impractical, or
unduly burdensome, provided Seller gives Buyer written notice of such
refusal/denial within ten (10) days after receipt of the Order. Except as
otherwise expressly agreed by Seller in advance or as modified by the parties
in writing, this Agreement shall control all aspects of the dealings between
Seller and Buyer with respect to the Product. Orders may not be cancelled or
rescheduled without Seller’s written consent. All orders must include the part
number and unit quantities. Seller may designate certain Products as
non-cancellable, non-returnable (“NCNR”). Custom and/or specialty products and
made to order products are non-returnable. Sales Orders and stipulations
therein are considered “agreed to” whereby a Sales Order confirmation has been
sent (via email) and no response from Buyer has been received within 48 hours.
Buyer must allow 48 hours for processing any international order. Seller
reserves the right to discontinue any product at any time without penalty and/or
liability.
3.  Shipping and Delivery: (a) All Sales
Orders are termed FOB shipping whereas Seller will “Prepay and Add” all
shipping charges and insurance associated with the delivery of the Order to the
Invoice unless otherwise agreed to by Buyer and Seller in writing. Risk of loss
due to damage or destruction shall be borne by Buyer. Buyers who request the
shipment to be on their collect freight accounts must present a written notice
to Seller upon receipt of order. Collect freight account shipments may be
subject to additional fees. Any claims to product damage are the responsibility
of the Buyer and any and all Invoices related to the
purchase are valid and must be paid by the Buyer. (b) Ship dates stated
verbally, on any Sales Order, email or Quote are estimates only and are subject
to review and/or change without penalty of the Seller. While every reasonable
effort will be made to comply with such requested ship dates stated by Buyer,
compliance is not guaranteed and Buyer shall have no right to damages or to
cancel the order for failure for any cause to meet delivery date stated by
Buyer. (c) If Buyer fails to accept delivery of Products the Seller reserves
the right to invoice the Products to the Buyer. Where the Buyer requires
delivery of Products by installments, otherwise termed “Blanket Order”,
“call-off” Order and/or “Standing Order”, rescheduling of such delivery
requires at minimum 10 business days in writing and
so agreed to by Seller in writing. (d) Seller reserves the right to assign and/or
change shipping methods, ship dates and packaging scenarios of Products based
on information or any other reasonable judgment of Seller that would affect
quality and/or delivery of such Products to Buyer.
4.
Returns/Replacements/Credits: (a) Invoices associated with all shipments
termed CIF shipping are the responsibility of the Buyer to pay in full.
No-charge replacements and/or credits will be issued by the Seller where deemed
appropriate by Seller either by freight damage, product functionality or
quality. (b) Freight damage must be reported within 7 days of receipt to Seller
whereas all packaging and damaged product be set aside for freight company
inspection. Any claim denied by the freight company because packaging and/or
damaged product was not able to be inspected will be the responsibility of the
Buyer to pay additional fees or charges associated with such investigation
and/or replacements and/or credits issued. (c) Product functionality and/or
quality issues must be made known to the Seller in a reasonable amount of time
pursuant to the delivery date of the product, not to exceed the expiry date of
such Product. Upon receipt of Buyer’s notification that a Product has
functionality or quality issue, Seller shall have the right to inspect said
non-conforming items. Seller will make an appropriate
adjustment in the original sales price of such units or, at
Seller’s election, replace the non-conforming units. Should Buyer fail to
notify Seller of such non-conforming units within a reasonable time after
receipt, or if Seller determines that the units do in fact conform to Seller’s
specifications, Buyer shall not have any right to return, exchange, or get
credit for the items in question. Products that are suspected or known to have
been stored, used or implemented improperly are not subject to any return,
replacement or credit. (d) All products are accompanied by a Quality Control
Certificate of acceptance. Any Products insisted to be shipped without the
approval of Seller’s Quality Control department by the Buyer are considered “on
Risk” and are not subject to replacement, return or credit.
5. EXPRESS WARRANTY
LIMITATION: SELLER MAKES NO OTHER WARRANTY TO BUYER WITH RESPECT TO THE
PRODUCTS, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
6. Indemnity:
Buyer agrees to indemnify Seller and hold Seller harmless from any loss or
claim arising out of the negligence of Buyer through its agents, employees or
representatives, or arising out of any unauthorized representation or warranty
or use of the Product made by Buyer though its agents, employees or
representatives.
7. Price, Fees and
Terms: (a) The prices of the Products described on Sales Orders and/or Invoices
are final unless previous agreement in writing to the contrary have been
established. All prices quoted are exclusive of duties and all taxes including
international, federal, state and local sales tax. Buyer agrees to indemnify
and hold Seller harmless for any liability for tax in connection with the sale
as well as the collection or withholding thereof, including penalties and
interest. When applicable, transportation and taxes shall appear as separate
items on Seller’s invoice. (b) Sellers terms are net 30 whereas any Buyer
holding a net 30 days term account with the Seller agrees to pay all invoices
within a period of 30 days and is subject to collections if in breach of this
agreement to the discretion of the Seller unless otherwise agreed to by Seller
in writing. (c) Seller may include packaging costs on the invoice such as box
and ice fees where applicable. A handling fee of $25 is added for all hazardous
goods materials.
8. Use of Products:  Seller’s products are not designed,
manufactured, sold or intended for use in any clinical setting, pharmaceutical
setting nor are to be used in product release testing. Products manufactured by
Seller are designed, intended and explicitly used for research purposes only
unless otherwise noted or agreed to by Buyer in writing. Seller will not be
responsible for any liability resulting in the unintended use of Products sold
to Buyer.
9. Export Control:  Buyer certifies that it will be the recipient
of the Products to be delivered by the Seller and understands that the Products
are governed by the U.S. Export Administration Regulations (“EAR”) and by the
U.S. Foreign Assets Control Regulation (“OFAC”). The Buyer understands that its
sale or distribution of said Products may constitute exports or re-exports and
must be in accordance with the requirements administered by the Bureau of
Industry and Security, Department of Treasury and Department of State, U.S.
Department of Transportation (“DOT”) and the International Air and Transport
Association (“IATA”). It is understood that the country of ultimate
destination, commodity classification and end user(s) could affect the
applicable license requirements and exportability. The Buyer agrees to consult
various resources such as those mentioned above and any other appropriate
Government resource to ensure that the sales, distribution and packaging of
such Products is processed within the accordance to all applicable laws and
regulations. The Seller relinquishes all liability upon the transfer of
Products to the shipping company and will not be responsible or liable for any
Products shipped via third party person or entity.
10. Limitation of
Liabilities:  Buyer shall not be
entitled to and Seller shall not be liable for loss of profits or revenue,
manufacturing expenses, overheads, business interruption costs, loss of data,
removal or reinstallation costs, injury to reputation or loss of Buyers and/or
contracts or orders, punitive damages, IP (intellectual property) infringement,
or any indirect, incidental or consequential damages of any nature. Buyer’s
recovery from Seller for any claim shall not exceed the purchase price paid for
the affected Products irrespective of the nature of the claim whether in
contact, tort, warrant or otherwise. Buyer will indemnify, defend and hold
Seller harmless from any claims based on (a) Seller’s compliance with Buyer’s
design, formulation, specifications or instructions, (b) modification of any
product by anyone other than Seller, or (c) use in combination with other
products.
11. Force Majeure:  Unforeseeable production, shipping
disturbances, war, acts of terrorism, acts of nature, fire, unforeseeable
shortages of labor, utilities or raw materials and supplies, strikes, lockouts,
acts of government and any other hindrances unforeseen to cause disruption to
production, delivery, acceptance or use of Products beyond Seller’s reasonable
ability to control shall be relieved from all liability for failure to fulfill
its obligations for any accepted Order or for delays in production or
delivery.
12. Intellectual
Property:  Any materials offered to
Buyer such as manuals, Quality statements, Products, catalogues, illustrations,
etc., are considered intellectual property of the Seller whereas Buyer agrees
to withhold from selling, replicating, profiting or distribution of such
materials unless an exclusive distribution contract between Buyer and Seller
have been agreed upon. Any and all inventions, patent
applications, patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade names, commercial symbols,
trade secrets, information involving proprietary data existing and owned by
Seller during the term of the Order or made or conceived by employees,
consultants, representatives or agents of Seller during the term of this
Agreement and previously established by Seller shall be and remain the sole and
exclusive property of Seller.
13. Assignment:  Neither this Agreement nor any interest in
this Agreement may be assigned by Buyer without the prior express written
approval of Seller, which may be withheld by Seller at Seller’s absolute
discretion.
14.  Technical Assistance or Advice:  At Buyers request, Seller may provide
technical assistance or advice with relation to use or handling of Products
purchased by Buyer. Any requests from Buyer that is not product specific but
relate more to interpretation of data, validation, regulatory acceptance, etc.,
are not within the scope of these terms and conditions and will not be offered
to Buyer. Such requests are best met through the use of
a consultation service. Seller shall not be held liable for the content or
Buyer’s use of such technical assistance or advice nor shall any statement made
by Seller constitute a representation or warranty, express or implied whether
verbally, via email or information provided on www.moltox.com.
15. Termination of
Previous Agreement and Modification:
This agreement terminates and supersedes all prior understandings or
agreements on the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may be modified only by
a further writing that is duly executed by both parties.
16. Restriction:  Buyer shall not make any claims as to
benefits, efficacy, or safety of the Product, that have not been expressly
approved in advance, in writing, by Seller. Buyer shall not make or extend any
warranty to any person, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, or
other entity, with respect to the Product without Seller’s prior written
approval.
17. General:  These terms and conditions shall be governed
by the Laws of the State of North Carolina and Article 2 of the Uniform
Commercial Code (UCC).
Products
Search
Ames Products
Mutagenicity Assay Kits & Reagents
Prepared Culture Media
Reagents
All Categories
Customer Services
Contact Us
Distributors
Terms & Conditions
Customer Testimonials
Moltox COVID-19 Response
Literature
Catalogs & Manuals
Certificate of Analysis
Polices & Privacy
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Policy
Conditions of Use
Customer Testimonials
Meetings & Events
Meetings & Events Calendar
Subscribe
Twitter Facebook Google Plus
YouTube Blog
Privacy
Legal
© 2018 Molecular Toxicology Inc.
Web design by Molecular Toxicology Inc.