https://monthlyreview.org/about/privacy-policy/
Top MenuMR
MR Press
MR Online
Monthly Review Essays
MR (Castilian)
Climate & Capitalism
Money on the Left
Donate
Login
Navigation
Home
Main MenuSubscribe
Solidarity Offer!
Store
Books
Back Issues
View My Cart
Checkout
Press
Submit a Book Proposal or Manuscript
New and Recently Released
MR Press Catalogs
Books (list of all titles)
Discounts, Shipping, and eBooks
Request a Review or Desk Copy
Sales and Distribution
Baran—Sweezy Memorial Award
Browse
Search
by Year and Issue
by Author
by Subject
by Geographic Location
by Magazine Section
Complete archive, 1949–present
Contact
Submit an Article or Book Proposal
Contact Monthly Review
Reprint Permissions
Advertise in Monthly Review
About
The Editors
Privacy Policy
Donate to MR
Help
FAQ
New Subscription System!
How to Download and Convert eBooks
My Account
View/Renew Subscription
Change Email/Password
Recover My Password
Change Address
0 items - $0.00
Return to Content
Monthly Review collects and administers a range of personal information about subscribers to in order to manage accounts, complete orders, and provide other services. We recognize the right of individuals to have their information protected on one hand and made accessible to them on the other. We are committed to protecting the privacy of all personal information we collect.
MR takes every possible measure to ensure that your information is not compromised. We store personal information securely, protecting it from unauthorized access. If you choose to send us email, we may retain the contents of your email message, our reply, and your email address for the purpose of servicing your account. We reserve the right to contact you after you have contacted us, and may send future email. You may notify us via email if you wish to discontinue electronic communication.
We try to keep your personal information as accurate, complete, and current as possible. Upon request in writing, we will remove your personal information from our databases, except where legislation or regulation requires its retention (e.g., charitable-giving history tied to income tax receipts).
If you have any questions about our website or privacy policy, please call our office at (212) 691-2555 or use our contact form.
Subscribe / Connect
Subscribe to the Monthly Review e-newsletter (max of 1-3 per month).
Product categoriesBack Issues (795)
Books (403)
Cloth (139)
eBooks (182)
Paperback (387)
Miscellaneous (3)
Product tagscontributor
Edited
Grassroots Books
Grassroots Mags
New
Socialist Register
TranslatedMR Press News
New! “Socialist Register 2021: Beyond Digital Capitalism: New Ways of Living”
Gerald Horne: What Does President-Elect Joe Biden’s Pro-Union Stance Bode for US Unions?
Promjena okvira: Reframing John Bellamy Foster on SkriptaTV, Croatia
Crafting a revolutionary healthcare system–NACLA reviews 2 books on Cuban Health Care
New! “Crisis and Predation: India, COVID-19, and Global Finance”
New books from MR Press
Socialist Register 2021: Beyond Digital Capitalism: New Ways of Living
Crisis and Predation: India, COVID-19, and Global Finance
Marx, Dead and Alive: Reading “Capital” in Precarious Times
Venezuela, the Present as Struggle: Voices from the Bolivarian Revolution
Dead Epidemiologists: On the Origins of COVID-19
Washington Bullets: A History of the CIA, Coups, and Assassinations
Free Speech and the Suppression of Dissent During World War I
Cuban Health Care: The Ongoing Revolution