http://moorea.berkeley.edu/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Gump Station Privacy Policy
The University of California, Berkeley is committed to protecting the privacy and accuracy of confidential information to the extent possible, subject to provisions of state and federal law. Other than as required by laws that guarantee public access to certain types of information, or in response to subpoenas or other legal instruments that authorize access, personal information is not actively shared. In particular, we do not re-distribute or sell personal information collected on our web servers.
Information collected:
Gump Station (https://moorea.berkeley.edu) servers collect the following analytics:
Internet Protocol (IP) address of computer being used
web pages requested
referring web page
browser used
date and time
Gump Station site does not associate this data to individual user identities.
Cookies
Gump Station site uses "cookies" in order to keep track of individual user’s form submission history. Sensitive personal information is not stored within cookies.
Webforms
Gump Station uses webforms forms on this site. These forms require users to give contact information: Full name, email address, as well as other personal information which may have been included by the user in his/her Letter of Motivation and Curriculum Vitae. Contact information from the contact forms and the application form is used only to send material relating to the purpose for which it was collected and will not be sold to another party.
Use of collected information:
Gump Station will only use personal information collected from this site for the purpose of communication back to individuals who contact us via the site.
Gump Station uses browser-IP-address information and anonymous-browser history to report information about site accesses and for profiling purposes. This information is used to improve Web presentation and utilization. IP address information may also be used for troubleshooting purposes.
Distribution of collected information:
Gump Station will not disclose, without your consent, personal information collected about you, except for certain explicit circumstances in which disclosure is required by law.
Gump Station will not distribute or sell personal information to third-party organizations.
This Privacy Statement does not apply to the other UC Berkeley web sites. You should review the privacy statement posted on other UC Berkeley web sites when you visit them.
Privacy Statement Revisions:
This Privacy Statement was last revised on August 1, 2019. We may change this Privacy Statement at any time and for any reason. We encourage you to review this Privacy Statement each time you visit the web site.
If we make a significant change to our Privacy Statement, we will post a notice on the homepage of our web site for a period of time after the change is made.
Responsibility for External Sites:
This website may contain links to other web sites. Some of those web sites may be operated by third parties. We provide the links for your convenience, but we do not review, control, or monitor the privacy practices of web sites operated by others.
We are not responsible for the performance of web sites operated by third parties or for your business dealings with them. Therefore, whenever you leave this web site we recommend that you review each web site's privacy practices and make your own conclusions regarding the adequacy of these practices.
How to contact us
While using this website, you may encounter hypertext links to the Web pages of other UC Berkeley websites or organizations not directly affiliated with UC Berkeley. All UC Berkeley websites must comply with the Privacy Statement for UC Berkeley Websites, but may have refined the standard campus privacy statement to include additional or stronger privacy provisions. UC Berkeley does not control the content or information practices of external organizations. We recommend you review the privacy statements of these organizations.