https://msafungi.org/privacy-policy/
MSA Privacy Policy
Last Updated: February 28, 2019The Mycological Society of America is serious about safeguarding your personal information. This privacy policy (“Policy”) describes how the Mycological Society of America collects, uses, and shares personal information of consumer users of our website located at www.msafungi2.org. Who We Are. For the purpose of applicable data protection legislation, the data controller of your personal information is Mycological Society of America, 2424 American Lane, Madison, WI 53704 USA. Changes to this Policy. We will post any modifications or changes to the Policy on our website. We reserve the right to modify the Policy at any time, so we encourage you to review it frequently. The “Last Updated” legend above indicates when this Policy was last changed. If we make any material changes to the Policy, we will post a notice on our Site prior to those changes taking effect. For the Mycological Society of America members, we will notify you of any changes to our privacy policy or the way we use or share your information via email notification prior to making those changes.INFORMATION COLLECTEDPersonal InformationPersonal information is that information you give us, such as your name, postal address, telephone number, or email address. The Mycological Society of America collects and stores the personal information in a secured database. Personal information includes name, institution, address, telephone number, fax number, and email address collected when you join the Mycological Society of America as a member, register for an event, or purchase a product. Email address may be collected if you contact us with a question. Other information that may be collected can be technical information such as the IP address, session activity, and web browser used. The Mycological Society of America website uses cookies to improve functionality and usability. This information is used to improve the website, track use of information, and improve functionality.HOW THE MYCOLOGICAL SOCIETY OF AMERICA USES THIS INFORMATIONWe use the information we collect in the following ways:To establish your membership record when you join or renew your membership;To register you for a conference or educational event;To deliver services, such as educational programs;To provide you with information about the society;To deliver information via the society newsletter;To alert you to special offers or upcoming events;To process your order, and if necessary, to contact you about your order, membership, or registration;To help us create and publish content most relevant to you;To contact you regarding additional services or features;To request your feedback about your experience with the Mycological Society of America;To send you promotional communications. You may opt-out of receiving such information at any time. Such marketing emails tell you how to “opt-out”;To send you administrative communications. These may include administrative emails, confirmations, technical notices, updates, and security alerts;To respond to your comments and questions and provide you with user support; andTo allow you access to members-only areas of the website.HOW WE SHARE THIS INFORMATIONThe Mycological Society of America membership directories are available only to members in a members-only section of the website. Participation in our member directory is optional, and you must give us consent to include your information in our member directory. Personal information will not be released to third parties except to further member benefits and to comply with the law, for example:To fulfill a member service, such as releasing information to the journal publisher to ensure each member receives access to the journal. Personal information will be accessed when responding to an email inquiry.To third-party service providers who maintain the association website. We require third-party vendors to verify that they do not use the personal information for any other purpose than to provide the administrative services outlined in their service contract.To complete a purchase for any product offered by a third-party provider.To protect against potential fraud, personal and credit card information is verified through a third-party credit card processor.To comply with applicable laws or to comply with lawful requests or court orders and legal process, including responding to requests from public and government authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.To enforce our Privacy Policy, and to protect our rights, privacy, safety, or property, and/or that of you or others.ANONYMOUS DATAWhen we use the term “anonymous data,” we are referring to data and information that doesn’t permit you to be individually identified, either alone or when combined with any other information available to a third party. We may create anonymous data from the personal data we receive about you and other individuals whose personal data we collect. Anonymous data might include analytics information and information collected by us using cookies. We make personal data into anonymous data by excluding information, such as your name, that makes the data personally identifiable to you. We use this anonymous data to analyze usage patterns to make improvements to our website and service offerings.FORUMS AND PUBLIC POSTING AREASPlease note that any information you include in a message posted in a forum or other public posting area is available to anyone who visits the website. Please be very careful when deciding to post publicly identifiable information, such as email address, in any public forums.WEBSITE SECURITYThe Mycological Society of America uses website security measures consistent with current best practices to protect its website, email, and mailing lists. These measures include technical, procedural, monitoring, and tracking intended to safeguard data from unauthorized access, loss, or misuse. Credit card information is transmitted using secure socket layer (SSL) encryption. No credit card information is stored with the membership record or on the association website. Should any indication of misuse occur, the association will move quickly to isolate the problem and restore functionality. The association will notify the relevant authorities of any incident of misuse. In the event of a data breach, we will notify affected subjects in accordance with law and best practices.GOOGLE ANALYTICSThe Mycological Society of America uses Google Analytics, a service that collects information anonymously and reports website trends without identifying individual visitors. Google Analytics uses its own cookie to track visitor interactions. To learn more about the information collected by Google Analytics, please visit https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.GOOGLE RECAPTCHAThe Mycological Society of America uses Google reCAPTCHA, which identifies bots by collecting hardware and software information and sending that data to Google for analysis. To learn more about Google reCAPTCHA, please visit https://www.google.com/recaptcha/intro/invisible.html and https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.INFORMATION CHOICES AND CHANGESOpt-out. We communicate with our members regularly through email. We confirm payments via email and send information about membership dues or conference registration payments. We limit the use of these types of email to ensure clear lines of communications. However, we also will update members and recent members about new products and services, upcoming events, abstract submission deadlines, newsletters, and other general information about the association and its annual business. Each of these emails will include an “unsubscribe” link that will allow you to opt-out of any promotional email. We caution that once you have unsubscribed, you no longer will receive promotional email from the association. You can’t opt-out of receiving administrative communications.Access. You can access the information we hold about you at any time by viewing your membership record on the website www.msafungi2.org or by contacting us directly.Amend. You are able to correct any inaccuracies in your membership record through the member-only section of the website. Or you can contact us to update or correct any inaccuracies in your personal information.Move. Your personal information is portable. You have the flexibility to move your data to other service providers as you wish.Erase and forget. In certain situations, for example when the information we hold about you no longer is relevant or is incorrect, you can request that we erase your data. If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at msafungi@reesgroupinc.com or +1 (608) 441-1060. In your request, please make clear what personal information you would like removed, or whether you would like to exercise your right to have your record completely deleted. For your protection, we may need to verify your identity before implementing your request. We will try to comply with your request as soon as possible. Please note that we may need to retain certain information for record keeping purposes and/or to complete any transactions you began prior to requesting the change or deletion unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (for example, for regulatory purposes).CONTACT INFORMATIONThank you for reviewing our Privacy Policy. We welcome your comments or questions about this Privacy Policy. If you have any feedback, we encourage you to contact us at Mycological Society of America, msafungi@reesgroupinc.com, or +1 (608) 441-1060.