http://mylocalpage.com/privacy-policy.txt
Our business including our affiliates (collectively "we," "our," "us," "and "the Company") takes your privacy very seriously so we want to provide you some information on our Privacy and Cookie Policy (the "Policy"). This Policy describes how we collect, use, share and protect information obtained from customers, users and visitors to our website. By using our website, you have agreed and are additionally subject to any additional Terms of Service which incorporates this Policy by reference.
This Policy describes:
- How we collect and you may provide; information through our website including the domain, any mobile applications, call tracking lines and customer and user dashboard or portal (collectively, the "Sites");
- How we use and protect information;
- With whom we may share information; and
- The types of information we collect.
We put forth this Policy because we want you to be aware of the information we collect and help you make an informed decision about using our Sites and services. By visiting the Sites, linked pages, features, content or using any of our services, you acknowledge and accept the practices and policies outlined in this Policy. If you do not agree to this Policy, you may not access or otherwise use the Sites.
1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
Information You Provide: We collect information you enter on our Site when you create an account, register, engage in a transaction, search our products, contact us by telephone or through our call tracking telephone line, email or otherwise participate in any other promotions, surveys or questionnaires we sponsor. Please note we may collect personally identifiable information ("PII") from the Sites only when you choose to provide it us. The information collected may include: contact information, payment information shipping information and purchase history.
Mobile Web and Apps: We may collect certain additional information from you when you access the Sites with mobile devices. This information may include location, device type, unique device identifies, mobile operating system, site navigation and other app-specific user data. You may restrict the collection of certain data by changing the settings preferences on your mobile device.
Interest-Based Advertising: When you interact with the Sites, advertisements or other content provided by the Company or third parties on behalf of us, through your computer, phone or mobile device ("Devices") we and third parties automatically collect non-personally identifiable information ("Non-PII") about or from your Device including without limitation cookie information, pixel tags and unique device identifiers among others. We may use this information and tie it back to the information you provide us to customize your interaction with our business allowing us to send special offers which you may have interest. This form of advertising is based on anonymous information and not on any personally identifiable information. We and our vendors know your interests but cannot personally identify you in connection with the delivery of a specific ad.
2. COOKIES. A cookie is a text file that websites send to a visitor's computer or other internet-connected device to uniquely identify the visitor's browser or to store information or settings in the browser. By using the Sites you accept the use of cookies described in this Policy. You can disable or delete cookies by changing the preferences on your Device browser. Disabling cookies may, prevent you from using some of the features on the Sites. Please note cookie-based opt-outs are not effective on mobile applications. We use third-party tracking services that may use cookies to provide non-personally identifiable information and services on our Sites. These tracking services collect information about our users to assist with analysis and targeted advertising. Our Third-Party Service Providers ("Third-Party Service Providers")
may use pixel tags or web beacons to control the automated collection of Non-PII. In order to collect the kinds of information described in the Policy and to see how you interact with our Sites we or third parties may use JavaScript or other languages to send instructions to your Devices.
3. WHAT WE DO WITH COLLECTED INFORMATION. We may use the information you provide to us, directly or indirectly, and information we collect about you for various reasons including: to improve your user experience across the Sites, assist with marketing and advertising efforts, create, administer and communicate with our regarding your account, notify you regarding any updates or changes, in order to comply with applicable laws. We may employ Third-Party Service providers to help, on our behalf in providing analytics, advertisements, links, or other tools and services. These Third-Party Service Providers may collect Non PII through use of cookies, pixel tags or other automated means. The Third-Party Service Providers may use this information internally or share with us to assist in providing a more customized experience. We may enhance the Non-PII collected via our Site with Non-PII collected from our Third-Party Service Providers and business partners.
4. SHARING OF INFORMATION. We may share information we collect with our Third-Party Service Providers that we engage to help us administer and provide our service and to perform tasks on our behalf. We may also use your PII as provided by you through the Site to contact and correspond with your and/or respond to your inquiries. Additionally, we may disclose information about you if we are required to do so by law or legal process.
5. CHILDREN'S PRIVACY RIGHTS. We do not knowingly collect information from anyone under the age of thirteen (13). Our Sites are not intended for or direct at children under the age of thirteen (13) years old. Any user under the age of eighteen (18) must be accompanied by an adult when accessing the Sites.
6. SECURITY. We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
7. LINKS TO OTHER SITES. Our Sites may contain embedded links that enable you to visit other sites of interest. Once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over the other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide while visiting such sites.
8. WHAT CHOICES DO USERS HAVE? You can choose not to disclose information to us, however, some of this information may be necessary to take advantage of our services or features of the Sites. You can opt-out of promotions, other communications from the Company by changing preferences or emailing opt-out@mylocalpage.com. You can also opt out of the collection of certain information collected by mobile applications by changing your setting preferences on your mobile device. You may restrict information we, and other websites, collect through the use of cookies by changing the preferences on your device browser to disable or delete cookies. If you have questions about the features on our Sites or to opt-out please contact us directly at opt-out@mylocalpage.com.
9. CHANGES IN POLICY. The information we collect through or on our Sites is covered by the privacy policy in effect at the time the information is collected. We may amend or revise this Policy from time-to-time. Any revised or amended policies will be posted on our Sites and will reflect the date it was last updated.
10. Our Site is maintained in the United States of America. BY using this Site, you authorize the export of your information to the USA and its storage and use as specified by this policy.