https://nacsw.org/privacy-policy/
This is the web site of the North American Association of Christians in Social Work (NACSW).
Contact information
Our mailing address is:
NACSW; PO Box 121; Botsford, CT 06404
We can be reached via e-mail at info@nacsw.org, or you can reach us by telephone at 1-203-270-8780.
Collecting Information
NACSW‘s web server does not automatically recognize or collect information about individual visitors to our website. NACSW only collects visitor information provided by an individual visitor when (s)he becomes an NACSW member, renews his/her membership, purchases a publication, registers for an NACSW event, or requests to be placed on the NACSW mailing list.
NACSW also collects aggregate information on what pages visitors access or visit, as well as responses to surveys posted on NACSW‘s website. The information we collect is used to improve the contents of our web page and the services of NACSW.
We do not set any cookies.
Sharing Information
NACSW will only share consumer information in the following circumstances:
NACSW occasionally rents its member mailing list (comprised of those association members who have given their permission in advance) to other reputable organizations for promoting publications or events that may be of interest to its members, or to promote research that contributes to the mission of NACSW;
NACSW makes available a membership directory online, which includes the names of NACSW members who have given their permission in advance to be included in this directory.
Using Information
If you supply us with your postal address or email address online, you may receive periodic email or occasional mailings from us with information about NACSW and/or NACSW services and upcoming events. If at any point do not wish to receive such email or mail, please let us know by contacting us at the above email address, calling us at the above telephone number, or writing to us at the above address.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers online may occasionally receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed online, NACSW membership, or upcoming NACSW events. If you do not wish to receive such telephone calls, please let us know by sending us email at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number, or writing to us at the above address.
With respect to ad servers, we do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
It is possible that at some time in the future we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change in the future, we will post the policy changes to our website to notify you and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you can check back at our website periodically.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to all information (including proprietary information) that we maintain about them. Consumers can access this information by sending us email at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number, or writing to us at the above address. Consumers can have this information corrected by sending us email at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number, or writing to us at the above address.
With respect to security, when we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial information, we redirect visitors to a secure server and will notify visitors through a pop-up screen on our site, We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of sensitive information that we have collected from you at our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number.
NACSW welcomes individuals and organizations interested in integrating Christian faith and professional social work practice.
Please consider a special gift to extend the vision and work of NACSW. Because NACSW is a 501(c)3 non-profit organization, all donations are deductible for US citizens.
Recent Blog Posts
The Healing of a Nation: How Social Workers Can Help Now
Here Am I Lord: The Courage to Raise Our Voices Against Injustice!
Policy Advocacy in a Pandemic
What is the Calling of Christians in Social Work in Response to COVID?
“Shared Grace” Bloggers“Shared Grace” Bloggers
Select Category
Addison C.
Alexis Christensen
Allie L.
Allison B.
Amber S.
Amy Mitchell
Ann C.
Ann Callahan
Anna Hagen
Anthony Hill
Ashlee Heiligman
Ava Pickard
Betty I.
Breanne B.
Cathi S.
Christina C.
Christina G.
Christson Adedoyin
Cini Bretzlaff-Holstein
Cook
David C.
David F.
David S.
Denis C.
Dexter F.
Diana G.
Diane Lamberson
Elizabeth E.
Elizabeth Patterson Roe
Eric S.
Heather Evans
Heather M.
Helen H.
Holly O.
Jean Beil
Jeanette Harder
Jerry Jo G.
Jim V.
Joe K.
Joel Bowman
Jon C.
Jon Singletary
Julia P.
Julia Pizzuto-Pomaco
Karin P.
Kesslyn B.
Kesslyn Brade Stennis
Kevin Brown
Kim Acosta
Kim Cook
Kim P.
Kimberly H.
Kimberly Hardy
Kris Nugent
Laurel S.
Linda Darrell
Linda Plitt Donaldson
Lisa Hosack
Maddie Poindexter
Magda W.
Mallory B.
Mark M.
Matt Burgess
Mayra Lopez-Humphreys
Melissa Henley
Melissa O.
NACSW
NACSW Board
Nick C.
Noel Huddleston
Online Continuing Educataion
Pam Bridgeman
Pamela B.
Paul A.
Rene D.
Rhonda H.
Rhonda Hudson
Rick Chamiec-Case
Sabrina Kaiser
Samantha T.
Satara Armstrong
Shaina Blair
Shared Grace: NACSW’s Blog
Sherri S.
Slider
Stephen Baldridge
Tanya B.
Telvis
Telvis Rich
Tenolian B.
Uncategorized
Subscribe to Blog via Email
Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.
Email Address
Subscribe
Top