http://nafa.uib.no/?q=privacy_policy_statement
Privacy Policy Statement
This privacy policy statement contains information about the use of your data collected on the NAFA site (nafa.uib.no):
We collect the name of your institution (if applicable), your given and family name, your email address, phone number and address on registration forms, e.g. membership, film submission and festival registration forms. NAFA collects personal information exclusively to the extent necessary to fulfil a specific purpose. The information will not be re-used for an incompatible purpose.
The registration forms on the NAFA site (nafa.uib.no) have as a rule an auto-reply function, which means that upon submission an email is returned, including the information you have submitted through the form. Through this auto-generated email you will be able to verify the accuracy of your submitted personal information. In case correction is needed you can contact NAFA through the contact form on the NAFA site (nafa.uib.no). If you have any questions about the processing of your email and related personal data, do not hesitate to include them in your message.
Personal data may be disclosed to NAFA members, e.g. members of the NAFA working committee. NAFA will not divulge your personal data for direct-marketing purposes.
NAFA keeps personal data password protected to safeguard your information agains possible misuse or unauthorised access.
NAFA further collects meta-data of films submitted through the NAFA Film Festival Entry Form. Meta-data of films may be shared among NAFA members, e.g. members of the NAFA film selection committee and also published in the program of the official NAFA film selection and/or on the NAFA site (nafa.uib.no), e.g. in the NAFA Film Collection section. Film makers can contact NAFA through the contact form on the NAFA site (nafa.uib.no) in case there is reason to correct and/or update meta-data of a film.
NAFA keeps the data for the time necessary to fulfil the purpose of collection or further processing.
If you have queries or complaints, please contact Frode Storaas, general secretary NAFA: frode(dot)storaas(at)uib(dot)no
Index
About the collection
The world
Title
Filmmaker
Year
Running time
Keyword
Search
Find your film...