https://nanolight.com/privacy-policy-nl/
login/registermy account4Account DetailsXOrders5Logout
( )
About UsProductsOur TechnologyPublications
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: June 9, 2020
Prolume, Ltd. respects your privacy.  The following online privacy policy describes the information we collect and how we use it. By accessing or using our Website, you consent to our Privacy Policy.  Prolume may modify this Privacy Policy at any time without notice, effective upon its posting to the Website. Your continued use of the Website constitutes your acceptance to this Privacy Policy and any updates. You agree to review this Privacy Policy regularly so that you understand our current Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into, and is subject to, the Terms of Use. Any capitalized terms not defined in this policy have the meaning set forth in the Terms of Use.
Collecting Information
When you visit Prolume’s Website you provide us with personal information you knowingly disclose to us and Website interaction information collected by us. We request information from you (which may include name, age, address, telephone number, email address, city location, zip code, and when necessary, credit card information) when you make purchases, ask a question, request to receive communications, or participate in a Website feature.We also collect any information which you decide to share, for example by contacting us directly.
Like many Websites, we gather information about how visitors use our Website. For more information, see the “Cookies and Pixel Tags” section below.
Using Information
We may use the information we collect to:
Operate, provide, improve and maintain the Website
Process and deliver orders for products
Send you information electronically, through the mail or by other means about Prolume which we believe you may be interested in
Customize and/or personalize your communications and shopping experience
Better respond to your customer service inquiries
Communicate with you about your purchase or customer service needs
Communicate with you about our products and events, and for other promotional purposes
Improve our business, or
Administer contests, promotions, surveys or other Website features
To opt-out and stop receiving email updates, you can send an e-mail to info@prolume.com or follow the unsubscribe instructions provided on all nanolight.com e-mails.
Sharing Information
For the purpose of operating our business, we may transfer information between Prolume and our preferred service providers who use that information only to conduct Prolume business.  For example, they may handle Prolume’s credit card processing, shipping, data management, email distribution, market research, information analysis, and promotions management. We may also share your information to administer a Website feature.  We provide our preferred service providers with the information they need to perform their services and work with them to protect your information.
We may disclose specific information upon governmental request, in response to a court order, when required by law, to enforce our Website policies, or to protect our or others’ rights, property or safety. We may share information to prevent illegal uses of the Website or violations of the Terms of Use, or defend ourselves against third-party claims. We may also share information with companies assisting in fraud protection or investigation. We may also share information with companies under the terms of certain agreements, such as license agreements or promotional agreements that allow Prolume to sell or market its products by using a third party’s intellectual property. Additionally, in the event that all or substantially all of the assets relating to Prolume are transferred or sold to another entity, personally identifiable information submitted to us may be transferred to the acquiring entity. Prolume cannot control the use of or guarantee the confidentiality of your information once it has been transferred to any third party.
Protecting Your Information
We use a variety of security measures, including encryption and authentication tools to maintain the safety of your personal information. When you place orders or access your personal information, we offer the use of a secure server. All credit card information you supply is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our credit card processor’s databases. REGARDLESS OF THESE EFFORTS, PROLUME CANNOT GUARANTEE THE SECURITY OR CONFIDENTIALITY OF ANY OF THE INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO US.
Cookies and Pixel Tags
Prolume receives and records information from your browser when you use the Website and may use a variety of methods, such as cookies and pixel tags to collect this information. A cookie is a small removable data file that is stored by your web browser on your computer. Cookies allow you to place an order on our Website and allow us to enhance and personalize your online experience.
For example, we use cookies to:
Remember the items in your shopping cart
Recognize you when you return to our Website
Analyze visitor behavior
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent or you can choose to turn off all cookies. If you turn cookies off, some of our services will not function properly.
We may use pixel tags – tiny graphic images – to help us analyze your online behavior. Pixel tags also allow us to send you email in a format you can read and let us know when you have opened an email message from us. We may use pixel tags to collect information about your visit, including the pages you view, the links you click and other actions taken in connection with our Website. We also collect certain standard information that your browser sends to every Website you visit, such as your IP address, browser type and language, username, system type, whether you have enabling software to access certain Website features, access times and referring Website addresses. Websites visited before visiting the Prolume Website might place personal information within the URL of your browser during a visit to that Website. Prolume may unintentionally collect that information as part of the referring Website information we collect.
International Users
This Website is operated from the United States. By using this Website, regardless of where you live in the world, you consent to have your personal data transferred to and processed in the United States, and allow Prolume to use and collect your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Terms of Use
Your use of the Website, and any disputes arising from it, is subject to this Privacy Policy as well as our Terms of Use. Please visit our Terms of Use section that explains other terms governing the use of our Website.