http://narang.com/privacy-policy.php
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Welcome to our Privacy Policy
Your privacy is critically important to us.
Narang Medical Ltd. is located at:
Narang Medical Ltd.46 Community Center Naraina Phase 1, New Delhi 110028 - Delhi , India911145554000
It is Narang Medical Ltd.'s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website. This Privacy Policy applies to https://www.narang.com/ (hereinafter, "us", "we", or "https://www.narang.com/"). We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personally identifiable information you may provide us through the Website. We have adopted this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") to explain what information may be collected on our Website, how we use this information, and under what circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties. This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect through the Website and does not apply to our collection of information from other sources.
This Privacy Policy, together with the Terms and conditions posted on our Website, set forth the general rules and policies governing your use of our Website. Depending on your activities when visiting our Website, you may be required to agree to additional terms and conditions.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Narang Medical Ltd. collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Narang Medical Ltd.'s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Narang Medical Ltd.'s visitors use its website. From time to time, Narang Medical Ltd. may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Narang Medical Ltd. also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on https://www.narang.com/ blog posts. Narang Medical Ltd. only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Narang Medical Ltd.'s websites choose to interact with Narang Medical Ltd. in ways that require Narang Medical Ltd. to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Narang Medical Ltd. gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up for a blog at https://www.narang.com/ to provide a username and email address.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Advertisements
Ads appearing on our website may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Narang Medical Ltd. and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Links To External Sites
Our Service may contain links to external sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy and terms and conditions of every site you visit.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites, products or services.
https://www.narang.com/ uses Google AdWords for remarketing
https://www.narang.com/ uses the remarketing services to advertise on third party websites (including Google) to previous visitors to our site. It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven't completed a task on our site, for example using the contact form to make an enquiry. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone's past visits. Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google's privacy policy.
You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Preferences page, and if you want to you can opt out of interest-based advertising entirely by cookie settings or permanently using a browser plugin.
Aggregated Statistics
Narang Medical Ltd. may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its website. Narang Medical Ltd. may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Narang Medical Ltd. does not disclose your personally-identifying information.
Cookies
To enrich and perfect your online experience, Narang Medical Ltd. uses "Cookies", similar technologies and services provided by others to display personalized content, appropriate advertising and store your preferences on your computer.
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Narang Medical Ltd. uses cookies to help Narang Medical Ltd. identify and track visitors, their usage of https://www.narang.com/, and their website access preferences. Narang Medical Ltd. visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Narang Medical Ltd.'s websites, with the drawback that certain features of Narang Medical Ltd.'s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
By continuing to navigate our website without changing your cookie settings, you hereby acknowledge and agree to Narang Medical Ltd.'s use of cookies.
E-commerce
Those who engage in transactions with Narang Medical Ltd. – by purchasing Narang Medical Ltd.'s services or products, are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Narang Medical Ltd. collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with Narang Medical Ltd.. Narang Medical Ltd. does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Business Transfers
If Narang Medical Ltd., or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Narang Medical Ltd. goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Narang Medical Ltd. may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Narang Medical Ltd. may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Narang Medical Ltd.'s sole discretion. Narang Medical Ltd. encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Credit & Contact Information
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us via email or phone.
What our Clients are Saying
The organic reviews not hoax.
We at Moyeni Office Suppliers, Maseru Lesotho have received nothing but excellent Service from this company. They are always prompt with their quotations and will keep you posted with your order's progress.
- Leomile Nthabane
Came to know about Narang medical during medical
exhibition in dubai. They have ample of ortho implants available with them. Their products are of top quality and with all important certification.
- Asha Chaudhry
Good quality of products and quick response. The best quality they maintain in every product. When it comes to service they provide a very good service. They have every product for medical related. You can buy it very confident and you get a decent warranty and guarantee for your products.
- Paul JR
Read More
Meet Us At
Arab Health 2021
01st to 04th Feb, 2021
on Concourse Near Ibis Hotel, Dubai International Convention and Exhibition Centre, Dubai, U.A.E.
Fix Appointment
Become Our Distributor
Let's profit together!
We are looking for distributors in your area.
Apply Here
View All Exhibitions
×
Narang Medical Limited
Narang Tower, 46 Community Centre, Naraina Ph-I, New Delhi - 110028, India.
Call us: +91-11-45554000
Mail Us: NET@narang.com
Certificates
ISO : 9001-2015
ISO : 13485-2016
CE Certificates
Star Export
Quality Policy
Associate Sites
SurgicalShop.com
Orthopaedic-Implants.com
Explore
News & Events
Testimonials
Videos
FAQ
Disclaimer
Copyright
Instruction Manuals
Privacy Policy
Company
About us
Our Story
Pricing
Products
Quality
Contact Us
Feedback
© Narang Medical Limited. All Rights Reserved
Policy
Hospital Medical Supplies
Surgical Instruments
Manufacturers