http://natureserve.org/about-us/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
You are hereHomePrivacy Policy
NatureServe values the privacy rights of our online visitors and recognizes the importance of protecting the information we collect about you. This policy statement describes how we collect information from you on NatureServe websites and how we use it. This policy applies to websites operated by NatureServe, including natureserve.org, NatureServe Explorer, LandScope America, and iMapInvasives.
Use of Personal Information
The NatureServe website collects personal information from our online visitors on a voluntary basis only. Personal information collected may include your name, your organization, email address, phone number, address, and specific information about how you found our site and how you might use our materials. We use this information to improve our products and services and to provide our website users with the best possible experience. Providing personal information is not generally required to access information on this website. We request personal information only when you do the following things:
register for email updates
submit feedback and comments
complete surveys or request to download certain types of data
make an online donation
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Links to Other Websites
Our website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest easily. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via email or by phone at 703-908-1858 to:
Ask what data we have about you, if any
Change/correct any data we have about you
Have us delete any data we have about you
Express any concern you have about our use of your data
Online Donations
When you make a donation to NatureServe using the "Donate Now" button, you submit a variety of personal information to enable us to process your donation properly. This personal information may include:
Name
Address
Phone
email address
“acknowledgement” or “in memory of” information
donation amount
Data Collection and Sharing
NatureServe does not sell personal information about our website users or donors. We will not sell, trade or share a donor's personal information with anyone else, nor send donor mailings on behalf of other organizations.
We may post links to websites operated by third parties. These sites may send their own cookies, web beacons, and other technologies to your device in order to collect data or solicit personal information. We have no access to third-party cookies, and third-party organizations have no access to ours. Third-party sites have their own privacy policies, and NatureServe does not control and is not responsible for their policies, practices, or handling of visitor information.
We may disclose user information a) if required to do so by law or b) if we have a good-faith belief that such disclosure is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing interference with or injury to (either intentionally or unintentionally) NatureServe’s rights or property, to other website users, or to anyone else that could be harmed by such activities.
Email Newsletters and Updates
NatureServe periodically sends news updates by email to website users who have provided us with their e-mail address through any of the means above. These updates may also include requests to donate to NatureServe. Recipients may choose to unsubscribe to these emails at any time. Information about how to unsubscribe is located at the bottom of each e-mail update.
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to collect information about use of this site. This tool collects information such as how often users visit this site, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other sites they used prior to coming to this site. We use the information we get from Google Analytics only to improve this site. Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit this site, rather than your name or other identifying information. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable information. Although Google Analytics plants a permanent cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit this site, the cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this site is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy. You can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you on return visits to this site by disabling cookies on your browser.
Website Log Files
Our log files record information including Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and page navigation. The IP addresses that are recorded do not provide us with personal information about you and are not linked to any personally identifiable information.
Your Acceptance of These Terms
By using this website, you signify your acceptance of the NatureServe privacy policy. Changes to this policy may periodically be posted here. Your continued use of the site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline. Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page. While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Updates
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time, and all updates will be posted on this page.
Contacting NatureServe
If you have any questions or comments about this privacy statement or our practices or websites, please contact:
NatureServePhone: (703) 908-1800Email: info@natureserve.org
2550 South Clark Street, Suite 930Arlington, VA 22202
Policy last updated May 22, 2018
About Us
Mission and Vision
Who's Who
Our History
NatureServe in Action
Annual Reports
Awards
NatureServe Careers
Testimonials & Accomplishments
Member Program Careers
Contact Us
Frequently Asked Questions
Legal Designation and Financial Disclosures
Privacy Policy