https://ndriresource.org/new-page/privacy
Privacy Statement
What information we gather and why:
The National Disease Research Interchange (NDRI) understands how important the privacy of your personal information is to you. Your privacy is very important to us, too. Our policy is to collect no personal information about you when you visit ndriresource.org, unless you choose to make such information available to us through forms associated with this website. By visiting our website, you are accepting the policies described in this Privacy Policy. If you have questions about our Privacy Policy, please use this form or contact us at:
National Disease Research Interchange
1628 JFK Boulevard, Floor 15
8 Penn Center
Philadelphia, PA 19103
(215) 557-7361
How do you use the information I might provide you?
If you choose to share personal information by filling out an electronic form with information such as an email address, NDRI may use this information in the future to contact you by email about matters pertaining to NDRI, its programs, and initiatives. This Privacy Policy is NOT applicable to information you may choose to send NDRI by email or by other means of communication.
What if I don’t want to receive emails from NDRI?
All email communications from NDRI will provide you with an opportunity to opt out of further email communication.
What will you do with my information?
When you provide us with personal information, we may use that information in the following ways:
We may store and process your information to better understand your needs, and ways we can improve our services. We may use that information to contact you. We may provide certain third parties with aggregate (but not individual) information about visitors to our website.
Our policy is to protect the integrity of your personal information. NDRI does not lease, share, or sell any personal information collected through this site.
What are Cookies and how do you use them?
Like most business websites, our website uses cookies, which are text files stored on the user’s computer. So long as they do not expire or get deleted, cookies identify the unique browser used by the visitor. On each subsequent visit to the website, the visitor’s browser will retrieve the cookie, allowing us to aggregate the number of return visitors. NDRI uses cookies to test and optimize our website design and content. Cookies from our website are not linked to any personally identifiable information (PII).
We use two types of cookies on our website:
We use session cookies to gather data for technical purposes, such as improving navigation through our website and generating statistics about how our website is used. Session cookies are temporary text files that expire when you leave our website. When cookies expire, they are automatically deleted from your computer. We do not use session cookies to collect personal information, and we do not share data collected from session cookies.
We use multi-session cookies, also known as persistent cookies, to customize our website for frequent visitors and to test variations of website design and content. Multi-session cookies are cookies that are stored over more than a single session on your computer. We do not use multi-session cookies to collect personal information, and we do not share data collected from multi-session cookies. Our multi-session cookies are set to expire no more than two years after your last visit to our website. After two years, they are automatically deleted from your computer. NDRI is unable to identify an individual by using such technologies.
You can take actions to block cookies by opting out. Blocking session cookies from your computer will not affect your access to the content and tools on our website. Blocking multi-session cookies may affect the personalization of the information on websites.
Social Media Guidelines
NDRI encourages comments, discussions, and posts on our various social media outlets, including Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, and LinkedIn. We do not pre-moderate comments and welcome most posts. We do not delete or censor comments unless they have content that:
is abusive
is off-topic
contains personal attacks
promotes hate of any kind
uses foul language
is blatantly spam
is reported as abuse
When you use social media, your comments and posts may be visible to a large number of people. For your own privacy, you shouldn’t post personal information linked to your name.
Information Collected and Used from Third-Party Websites
If you have an account or profile with a third-party website (such as Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter, or YouTube), and choose to follow, like, or comment on NDRI’s page on that site, certain personal information may be made available to us based on the privacy policies of the third-party website and your privacy settings on that site. We do not share PII made available through these websites.
Information Automatically Collected and Stored
We use Google Analytics software to gather and temporarily store a variety of information about your visits to our webpage. However, this information cannot be used to identify you as an individual. The basic information we collect during your visits includes:
The name of the domain you use to access the Internet (for example, Verizon.com, if you are using a Verizon online account, or stanford.edu, if you are connecting from Stanford University's domain);
The date and time of your visit to our website;
The pages and documents you viewed on our website;
The URL of the website you visited prior to ours;
The type and version of your Web browser and operating system; and
Your location at the time of your visit, down to the city-level
We don’t associate any of the data we collect with you as an individual. Instead, we aggregate this data from all visits in order to improve our website and provide a better user experience to our visitors. The aggregate data is available only to web managers and other designated staff, who require this information to perform their duties. It’s retained only for as long as needed for proper analysis, and then permanently deleted.
Other Web Measurement and Customization Tools
We use the following software and features:
Google AdWords: NDRI occasionally uses Google AdWords to provide online advertisement delivery and tracking. NDRI may employ tools provided by Google AdWords to support Display Advertising, including Remarketing, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, data collection via advertising cookies and anonymous identifiers, the DoubleClick Campaign Manager Integration and/or Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting. In general, this means that third-party vendors, including Google, may show NDRI ads on sites across the internet based upon visits to NDRI websites. To implement these tools, NDRI and third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies and third-party cookies together to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on past visits to NDRI websites. The Google AdWords Privacy Policy is available at https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Google Analytics: NDRI may employ tools provided by Google Analytics to support Display Advertising, including Remarketing, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, data collection via advertising cookies and anonymous identifiers, the DoubleClick Campaign Manager Integration and/or Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting. In general, this means that third-party vendors, including Google, may show NDRI ads on sites across the Internet based upon visits to NDRI websites. To implement these tools, NDRI and third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies and third- party cookies together to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on past visits to NDRI websites. The Google Analytics Privacy Policy is available at https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
If you have other questions about this privacy policy, or have suggestions on how it can be improved, please feel free to e-mail us using our contact form.
NDRI is a Not-For-Profit (501c3) Corporation.
National Disease Research Interchange
Three Parkway
1601 Cherry Street, Suite 1700
Philadelphia, PA 19102
General
info@ndriresource.org
Researchers
research@ndriresource.org
Privacy Policy
Main
(215) 557-7361
Toll-Free
(800) 222-NDRI (6374)