https://newequations.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Updated 3/17/2019
NewEquations.com, NewEquationsMusic.com, NewEquations.no, and all websites owned or operated by or on behalf of New Equations, without limitation, are covered by this Privacy Policy. Our policies apply to everyone who uses our websites worldwide. Our websites are operated by New Equations, an organization based in California, United States.
We are committed to protecting your privacy online and we always treat your privacy as we do our own. This update is part of our continued commitment to you by making our policies more clear, making sure you have control over your own personal data, and securing your data with cutting-edge encryption and technologies to safeguard the integrity and availability of our systems, and administrative and physical safeguards.
This policy describes how New Equations collects, uses, shares, and protects information collected on our websites or through our products and services, as well as your choices regarding use, access, and correction of your personal information.
We have included provisions that clarify our efforts to comply with the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation, effective May 25, 2018.
By accessing our websites or submitting any information on our websites, such as what is needed to sign up for our newsletter, workshops, programs, or to purchase music, books and other items, or make financial gifts, you agree to our Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use, and consent to the collection and use of any information you provide in the ways we outline below. If you do not want to agree to this Privacy Policy or our Terms of Use, do not access our websites or use our services.
We may update our policies from time to time, and if we make any significant changes to our policies or the way we take care of your personal information, we will add a prominent notice to our websites. Your continued use of our websites following the posting of changes to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use will mean that you accept and agree to the changes. We encourage you to regularly visit our websites to review our terms.
Why do we collect your information?
To sustain a New Equations community that is thriving, growing, and effective, we collect information so we can more efficiently and creatively communicate with our community, customers, and others who are interested in New Equations.
What information do we collect from you?
We collect, store, and use the following personal information you directly give us when you make a payment online, make a financial gift, sign up for our newsletter, workshops, programs, or purchase music, books and other items.
Personal information we collect:
Your name, email address, zip code, country, language preference,  personal messages, and any other information you might share when you join a program, such as your postal address and telephone number.
Log Files. Any time you visit any of our websites, our servers automatically gather information from your browser (such as your IP addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks) to analyze trends, administer the site, prevent fraud, track visitor movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information. For example, we may log your IP address for system administration purposes. IP addresses are logged to track a user’s session. This gives us an idea of which parts of the site users are visiting. We do not share the log files externally. This is non-personally identifying information (we do not know the identity of the visitor to the website).
Details of any purchase or financial gift you make to New Equations, including the amount, currency, and method of payment. We do not store your credit card information or banking details – that’s done through our secure payment processors.
The history of purchases, programs in which you participated, donations/financial gifts you made.
Your responses to research questionnaires that you may volunteer to complete, as well as data from other research processes which may include video, taping, photography, and other forms of data gathering. All protocol is explained in advance, and we let you know how the data is stored. All data is confidential unless you give explicit authorization to release it.
Other information you voluntarily submit in a form on the websites or that you share when you contact us.
Your responses to surveys that we may have volunteered to complete.
Other information you voluntarily submit in a form on the websites such as blog responses, product reviews, testimonials, etc. Any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose any personal information. For interactive content and community services where you may choose to have a public profile, we may display your non-personal identifying information to other community members and visitors. You may choose to provide us with your photo(s), video(s), recordings or other media, and by providing this to us, you agree that we may make it available to other visitors.
Social media information that you share with us.
Your third-party authentication status if you visit the website from a mobile application (i.e. whether you are presently logged into Facebook or other social media accounts).
Data relating to whether you open our emails, click our email links, or share newsletters.
Your geolocation based on your IP address in order to send information about New Equations events or programs in your area.
We use “cookies” to keep track of some types of information while you are visiting our website or using our services. Cookies are very small files placed on your computer, and they allow us to count the number of visitors to our website and distinguish repeat visitors from new visitors. They also allow us to save user preferences and track user trends. We rely on cookies for the proper operation of our website; therefore if your browser is set to reject all cookies, the website will not function properly. Users who refuse cookies assume all responsibility for any resulting loss of functionality. We do not link the cookies to any personally identifiable information.
What do we do with your information?
We use your personal information to:
Send you information about New Equations via any channels you have requested and consented to: email, phone/SMS, and/or social media messaging, etc.
Answer your queries.
Give you opportunities to get involved in special New Equations projects.
You will receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us or purchased goods or services from us or if you provided us with your details when you registered for a promotion and, in each case, you have not opted out of receiving that marketing.
Verify your identity and your access to services.
Send you an email receipt for purchases or programs, a thank you message for signing up for events or programs, or to acknowledge donations.
Create a personal New Equations account for you to track your purchases and programs.
Get an overview of how you use our websites using tools like Google Analytics and other tools to help us see and measure how our website presentations and advertisements are working and if our websites are functioning well, in addition to understanding our website traffic patterns, and identifying any problems with the websites and resolve those problems.
Use Google Analytics Advertising Features Google Display Network Impression Reporting, Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting, Remarketing and Integrated Services. We do not identify or merge any personally identifiable information with non-personally identifiable information collected through any Google advertising product or feature unless you have been given robust notice of this, and have given us consent by opting-in to this kind of identification.
Process and deliver your order including such details as managing payments, fees and charges.
Collect and recover money owed to us.
To invite you to provide feedback, leave a review or take a survey. We offer the participation in surveys because they provide us with information regarding how to improve our services. Any additional protocols regarding the process for our surveys will be disclosed to you prior to your participation.
Reviews, testimonials, blog post responses, and other such communication from you to New Equations may be retained indefinitely and used for promotion.
To administer and protect our business and websites, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, reporting and hosting of data as needed to ensure the websites function well.
We may disclose user information in an aggregated form as part of our services or our marketing, or in scientific publications published by us or our research partners. For example, we might note the number of Soultype 8s with whom we have worked from a particular country. Such disclosure will never include personal identifying information without permission.
Change of purpose
We use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason that is aligned with the original purpose.
If your personal data becomes required for a purpose unrelated to the purpose for which we collected the data, we will notify you and we will explain the legal grounds.
We may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent where this is permitted and required by law.
Privacy for Children
If you are under the age of 13 (US) or 16 (EU & elsewhere), please ask your parent/guardian for their consent before submitting your personal information to this site. In compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, if we have reason to believe that someone is underage and we have collected their personal information without proper consent, we will delete that information from our database.
Marketing communications
New Equations does not share any personal information to any company outside of New Equations for marketing purposes. If in the future we ask a third party approved by us to contact you in order to fulfill the services we provide to you we will ensure that we have a GDPR agreement with that third party regarding the use of any data we supply them about you for the purposes of their contacting you.
We send our New Equations newsletter, which includes some program marketing, to those who have signed up to receive it. If we mistakenly send you our New Equations newsletter, use the opt out/unsubscribe link at the bottom of the newsletter to be removed from out mailing list, or inform us of our error at info@newequations.com.
Based on your use of New Equations websites, we use Google Analytics Advertising Features cookies to show visitiors to our websites programs and promotions on Facebook, Google, or other online services. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of our websites may become inaccessible or not function properly.
We may use a visitors Facebook ID to participate in Facebook’s Custom Audience and Lookalike Audience programs, which enable us to display promotions to both existing and prospective customers when they visit. To do this, we first send a digital fingerprint of a visitor’s data to Facebook — not their actual personal information — and they check if it matches a fingerprint of their data. If there’s a match, New Equations promotions may then appear when the visitor accesses Facebook. Facebook deletes this information (a) if it does not match with a Facebook account or (b) after they confirm you are a registered account holder. For more detailed information please see Facebook Ads Audience and Facebook Data Policy. See below “How do I control access to me through email or computer?” for information about how to opt-out of these programs.
Security
We have security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of information stored in our databases. These measures include the use of Secure Socket Layer (SSL) and/or strong encryption (3DES) technology during credit card transactions and administrator sessions, as well as other security measures which are applied to all data at rest and in transit.
We will exercise reasonable care in providing for the secure transmission of information between your computer and our servers, but we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information transmitted to us over the internet and accept no liability for any unintentional disclosure.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
All New Equations personnel who have access to customer personal information are informed of our security policies in advance of this access. Personnel are kept informed of all security updates relevant to the successful accomplishment of their work at New Equations. Only personnel who have need for this personal information to perform their job in a secure fashion are allowed this access.
Information disclosed in public locations (reviews posted on New Equations websites, blogs, social media, etc.) cannot be safeguarded by New Equations. If you voluntarily offer any feedback, data, testimonials, blog post responses, other responses, questions, comments, suggestions, ideas or the like, New Equations will treat that portion of your information as non-confidential and nonproprietary and, except as otherwise expressed in this policy, New Equations assumes no obligation to protect such information from disclosure. To request removal of your personally identifiable information from our blog or other public forums, contact us at info@newequations.com. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personally identifiable information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.
Data Retention
New Equations will retain your information for as long as needed to provide you services, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. By law we are required to keep basic information about our customers (including Contact, Identity, Financial and Transaction Data) for seven years after they cease being customers for tax purposes.
Reviews, testimonials, blog post responses, voluntary responses to research surveys and other voluntary surveys, and other such communication from you to New Equations may be retained indefinitely.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data: see below for further information.
In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
You may ask us to stop contacting you by email at any time by contacting us at info@newequations.com. Where you opt out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to Personal Data provided to us as a result of a product/service purchase, registration, product/service experience or other transactions.
Your Legal Rights
You have rights under personal data protection laws which include but are not limited to privacy laws in the United States and General Data Protection Regulation in Europe. These include the right to:
Restrict or Erase: You can ask us to limit our use of your information or ask us to delete your personal information from our records if there is no compelling reason for us to hold on to it.
Object: You can object, on legitimate grounds, to the processing of your personal information, including direct marketing and profiling.
Access or Take your data: You can ask us to confirm whether we are processing your personal information. You can also make a reasonable request for a copy of that information or to have it transferred to another data controller (to the extent possible).
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, contact us at info@newequations.com and let us know your request.
For users in the European Union and European Economic Area and Switzerland, you also have the right to complain to the UK Information Commissioner’s Office or your country’s data protection authority.
You will not have to pay a fee to receive your personal data or to exercise any of the other rights listed above. We may charge a reasonable fee if your request is repetitive or requires that more information be processed for you than reasonably meets legal rights. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
We will request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access the personal data or to exercise any of your other rights. This is a security measure to make sure that we do not give your personal data to someone who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for more information in relation to your request so that we may speed up our response. We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month.
If you have chosen to sign up for a personal on-line account with New Equations so that you could track your purchases and programs, you have the option to manage your account in your account settings.
Do we share your information?
New Equations does not rent or sell your personal information and will only share it with the parties described below as required by law, or with trusted third parties to provide New Equations services. We require all third parties to whom we transfer your data to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We only allow such third parties to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
Service providers: We work with several service providers, notably our database administrators, cloud computing services, help desk services, advertising services, data analysts, application service providers, bulk SMS services, such as MailChimp, and other non-governmental organizations. These providers work under strict confidentiality agreements. We do not authorize them to use or disclose your personal information except in connection with providing their services. Please note that at times we may also use survey applications on external platforms, such as SurveyMonkey, to collect information from those who voluntarily fill out our surveys on these platforms. The personal information of survey participants will be transferred to New Equations and is subject to this privacy policy.
Payment processors: We work with PayPal and Chase Integrated Payments powered by WePay, to process credit card transactions. These payment processors will store certain personal information about you. Please refer to their privacy policies to learn more about how they use your personal information. If you choose to make a financial gift to New Equations, or select the EasyDonate option, your payment information will be stored with your chosen payment processor, and you will give New Equations explicit permission to trigger donations. New Equations does not store your credit card account number or banking details. You can edit your EasyDonate preferences on your EasyDonate profile page.
If New Equations is acquired or transferred: (including in connection with bankruptcy or similar proceedings), we will share your personal information with the acquiring or receiving entity. If there are material changes in relation to the processing of your personal information, we will give you an opportunity to consent to such changes.
Protection of New Equations and others: We will share personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of New Equations if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation, or disclosure of your personal information is reasonably necessary to detect or protect against fraud or security issues, enforce our Terms of Use, meet any enforceable government request or court order, defend against legal claims, or protect against harm to the legal rights or safety of New Equations, the New Equations staff, or members of the New Equations community.
Our use of information obtained from third parties
We may obtain information about you provided to us by third parties such as credit reporting agencies or strategic alliance partners in order to offer you their services and products, to improve our services, or to evaluate your eligibility for our services. However, we will not release personal information about you to them other than in aggregated, derivative form.
How do we keep your information safe?
New Equations is a global organization with members and staff around the world, so your information may be transferred and stored across borders. We use standard industry practices, such as firewalls and encryption, to safeguard your personally identifiable information against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, misuse, or destruction.
All financial transactions, including the transmission of payment details and other personal information, are handled over secure, encrypted connections. We take reasonable steps to ensure that cross-border data transfers comply with existing data protection laws, such as working with third party processors certified in the EU-US Privacy Shield and Swiss-US Privacy Shield frameworks or with those that use standard contractual clauses that bind parties to protect the privacy and security of data. By visiting our websites and communicating electronically with us, you consent to such transfers.
We hold on to your personal information for as long as is necessary for the purpose(s) for which it was collected, unless otherwise required by law. If you request that we stop sending you updates and other communications or delete your information, we will honor your request and keep the minimum amount of information possible to prevent fraud and to help ensure that you are not contacted again.
Where we rely on your consent to use your personal information, all users worldwide have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. This includes the option to unsubscribe from our email list at any time or to contact us to request to be excluded from our online promotion lists or text messaging.
How to update and correct personal information
New Equations offers the following options for changing and modifying information previously submitted:
For any services where you have an account page, you may change your credit card (if applicable), email address, password and other information from the account settings or preferences page.
You can send an email to info@newequations.com or mail to our address listed below and let us know which information you wish to update.
You can review and update your personal information by going to your subscriber profile page via the link at the bottom of any of our emails.
For your protection, we only update the personal information associated with the specific email address that you use to send us your request, and we may need to verify your identity before doing so. We will comply with such requests in a reasonably timely manner. Please do not send sensitive personal information, passwords, banking details, or credit/debit card details via email.
What is the lawful basis for processing your information?
When we process your personal information for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, we may rely on one or more of the following legal bases:
Consent: We will ask for your consent to use your information to send you details about our New Equations activities, programs, and other offerings.
Contractual relationships: When you make purchases, donate to us, apply for employment, sign up for programs, newsletters, our mailing list, or otherwise enter into a contract with us, we’ll need to process your personal information.
Legal obligations: When strictly necessary, we’ll process your personal information due to a binding legal obligation.
Legitimate interests: So long as our use is fair, balanced, and doesn’t unduly impact your rights, we will collect and process your personal information when we have a legitimate interest that serves the New Equations mission, our services, or our activities.
Processing your Sensitive Personal Data
We do not collect any Special Categories of personal data about you while you visit our websites (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offenses.
Links to other websites
We may provide links to other websites. This Privacy Policy covers only New Equations websites. We have no control over external websites and are not responsible for their content or privacy practices. Please read the Terms of Use and Privacy Policies for any third party sites you visit via links from New Equations websites.
How do I control access to me through email or computer?
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from our mailing list, you may do so by clicking on the Update Your Preferences / Unsubscribe link found at the bottom of every newsletter that you receive from New Equations.
You may opt out of the DoubleClick cookie by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page.
You may opt out of Google Analytics by visiting the Google Analytics Opt-out page.
In order to stop the display of ads on your Facebook account, you can manage your Facebook Settings.
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies.
Acceptance of Privacy Statement
Your use of our websites, including any dispute concerning privacy, is subject to this privacy statement and the applicable Terms of Service. BY USING OUR WEBSITES, YOU ARE ACCEPTING THE PRACTICES SET OUT IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND THE APPLICABLE TERMS OF SERVICE.
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement page and any other places we feel appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, or by other means, such as email, at our discretion.
Your continued use of any portion of our websites following posting of the updated Privacy Policy or Terms of Use will constitute your acceptance of the changes.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, your personal information or data protection on our websites, contact us at info@newequations.com or mail:
New Equations PO Box 2653 San Anselmo, California USA
FollowFollowFollowFollow