https://nh-di.org/resources/privacy/
Facebook
Twitter
Google
RSS
Calendar
Pictures & Video
Start a Team!
Registration
Contact Us
Site Map
Privacy Policy
NHICC Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. It is the policy of the New Hampshire Innovation and Creativity Connection (NHICC) to respect your privacy regarding all of the information that we collect, regardless of whether it comes to us via email, in printed form, over the telephone, through one of our websites, or from other organizations with which we are affiliated.
We have a few fundamental principles:
We don’t ask you for personal information unless we truly need it.
We don’t share your personal information with anyone except to comply with the law, to operate our own programs, or to protect our own rights or those of our participants.
We don’t store personal information on our servers, unless it’s required for the ongoing operation of our own programs and services.
Below is our privacy policy, which incorporates these goals. If you have questions about this policy, or you wish to delete or correct your personal data, please contact our support team.
Website Visitors
NHICC currently operates several websites (nhicc.org, nh-di.org, campgottalikachallenge.org), and we may add additional websites in the future.
Like most website operators, NHICC collects non-personally identifiable information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. NHICC’s purpose in collecting this non-personally identifying information is to better understand how visitors use our website. From time to time, NHICC may release non-personally identifiable information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of our website, or a report on the number of volunteers and participants in our programs.
NHICC also collects potentially personally identifiable information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users, and for users leaving comments on published articles. NHICC only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally identifiable information as described in this policy, except that commenter IP addresses are visible and disclosed to moderators who approve new comments.
Gathering of Personally identifiable Information
Certain visitors to NHICC’s websites may choose to interact with NHICC in ways that require us to gather personally identifiable information. The amount and type of information that NHICC gathers depends on the nature of the interaction.
For example, when a visitor wishes to comment on a published article, we ask them to provide a username and email address. The username is attached to each comment to identify its author, and we store the email address in order to contact the author if necessary.
Visitors who wish to participate in NHICC-sponsored events may be required to provide contact information when they register. For example, when someone wishes to register for one of our training workshops, we ask for the attendee’s name and contact information. We also collect contact information for the volunteers who make it possible for us to run NHICC’s Tournaments.
Those who engage in transactions with NHICC – for example, by paying Tournament registration fees, or purchasing products such as pins or T-shirts – are asked to provide additional information, including the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. Credit card information that we receive as part of an online transaction is only stored long enough to complete the order over a secure connection. We do not store electronic copies of credit card numbers on our systems. Credit card data received on credit slips and order forms is retained for the minimum period necessary to complete the transaction, and to comply with legal requirements for the retention of financial records.
In certain cases, you may be asked to submit information about other people. For example, in order to register a team, we will need names and contact information for the adult volunteers. We also ask for the first name, last name or initial, and the age or grade for each team member in order to determine the correct competition level for that team.
Information about participating students can only be viewed by properly authenticated and authorized users of our website, and we delete this information when it is no longer needed. We will never knowingly request personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 without prior verifiable parental consent.
In each case, NHICC collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with NHICC, as in the preceding examples. Visitors can always refuse to supply personally identifiable information, with the understanding that this may prevent them from engaging in certain program-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
NHICC may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. For instance, NHICC may monitor the geographic locations of visitors to our websites. NHICC may display this information publicly or provide it to others. NHICC does not disclose personally identifiable information other than as described in this policy.
Protection of Certain Personally identifiable Information
NHICC discloses personally identifiable information only to its employees, volunteers, contractors, and organizations with which we are affiliated when:
They need to know that information in order to operate NHICC’s programs and services.
They have agreed not to disclose it to others.
By using NHICC’s websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them.
NHICC will not rent or sell potentially personally identifiable and personally identifiable information to anyone. Other than to its employees, volunteers, contractors and organizations with which we are affiliated as described above, NHICC discloses potentially personally identifiable and personally identifiable information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when NHICC believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of NHICC, third parties, or the public at large.
If you are a registered user of an NHICC website and have supplied your email address, NHICC may occasionally send you an email to tell you about upcoming events, to solicit your feedback, or just to keep you up to date with what’s going on with NHICC and our programs.
Email is our preferred method for contacting registered volunteers, and we generally ask for an email address and telephone number when anyone is registered as a volunteer, If you are registered with NHICC as a volunteer, you are likely to receive email from us when we need to communicate with you in connection with your volunteer assignment.
If you send us a request (for example, via email or through one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request, or to help us support other users. NHICC takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally identifiable and personally identifiable information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. NHICC may use cookies to help identify visitors, their privileges on our websites, and their website access preferences. NHICC visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using NHICC’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of NHICC’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Third-Party Sites and Services
Certain features on NHICC’s websites have been implemented using services provided by third parties. For example, the Facebook integration features embed content provided by Facebook within our own web pages. If your browser is configured to allow third-party cookies, it would be possible for a site providing one of these services to use cookies to track your visits to NHICC’s websites. NHICC visitors who wish to prevent this should set their browsers to refuse all third-party cookies before using NHICC’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of  the websites (such as Facebook integration) may not function properly without the aid of third-party cookies.
Third-party sites that offer services on our websites are governed by their own privacy policies. NHICC cannot be responsible for the contents of these websites, or for their privacy practices. In the same way, links from NHICC’s websites to other websites are provided solely for the convenience and information of our visitors. The existence of a link does not indicate that NHICC endorses or sponsors that website.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, NHICC may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in NHICC’s sole discretion. NHICC encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
(This privacy policy was adapted from a policy that was originally published by Automattic.com under a Creative Commons Sharealike license. This means that you’re welcome to copy this policy and modify it for your own use. Just make sure that you replace all references to us with references to you, and give proper credit by including links to NH-DI.org and Automattic.com somewhere on your web site.)
Updated: November 6, 2019
Most Popular Pages
From Destination Imagination HQFriends & Family Virtual STEAM Challenge: Picture It December 4, 2020Improv & Engineering Challenges Now Available! December 1, 2020Questions About This Season? Read This First! December 1, 2020Get Your Hat Ready! November 30, 2020Fall Into a New (Virtual) Season of Destination Imagination November 25, 2020 Important Links2021 Virtual Tournaments
Team Manager Corner
Coordinator Corner
Camp Gottalikachallenge
NH-DI Outreach
Global Finals 2020 Virtual Tournament
Article CategoriesArticle Categories
Select Category
Alumni Spotlight  (1)
Camp  (30)
Coordinators  (23)
DI Program  (193)
Directions  (24)
Documents  (3)
EduBytes  (5)
Educators  (17)
Employment  (1)
Events  (4)
featured1  (1)
Frequently Asked Questions  (11)
GF11_Team  (40)
Girls Engineering the Future  (1)
Global Finals  (119)
Globals2011Team  (9)
Hidden  (7)
Instant Challenges  (6)
KickStart  (16)
News  (239)
Parents  (20)
Press  (75)
Resources  (4)
Store  (2)
Team Manager Corner  (137)
Team NH 2012  (41)
Team NH 2013  (12)
Team NH 2014  (8)
Team NH 2015  (11)
Tournament  (54)
Training  (82)
Uncategorized  (89)