https://niaas.co.uk/cookie-policy/
Skip to content
Cookie PolicyNorthern Ireland Amateur Astronomy Society COOKIES POLICY Credit This document was created using a Contractology template available at http://www.freenetlaw.com. About cookies This website uses cookies. By using this website and agreeing to this policy, you consent to NIAAS’s use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy. Cookies are files sent by web servers to web browsers, and stored by the web browsers. The information is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. This enables a web server to identify and track web browsers. There are two main kinds of cookies: session cookies and persistent cookies. Session cookies are deleted from your computer when you close your browser, whereas persistent cookies remain stored on your computer until deleted, or until they reach their expiry date.Cookies on our websiteNIAAS uses the following cookies on this website, for the following purposes: One first party session cookie that is set by the site itself and can only be read by the site. This helps with the site functionality.If the member login is activated a persistent cookie is used to remember the login details the next time they visit the site. [Other] third party cookies  When you use this website, you may also be sent the following third party cookies, which may be used for the following purposes: One third party request cookie may be used by the twitter plugin feed. One third party request cookie may be used by the facebook plugin feed. Refusing cookiesMost browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies. In Internet Explorer, you can refuse all cookies by clicking “Tools”, “Internet Options”, “Privacy”, and selecting “Block all cookies” using the sliding selector. In Firefox, you can adjust your cookies settings by clicking “Tools”, “Options” and “Privacy”. Blocking cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of some websites.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy