https://nidi.nl/en/privacy-statement/
Privacy statement
The Netherlands Interdisciplinary Demographic Institute
(NIDI) is an institute of the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and
Sciences. The Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences (the
Academy) thinks that your privacy is important. This privacy statement
explains which personal data are collected by the Academy, how these
data are processed and for what purpose.
The Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences
The Academy fulfils three statutory tasks:
to serve as a learned society representing the full spectrum of scientific and scholarly disciplinesto act as a management body for national research institutes andto advise the Dutch Government on matters related to scientific pursuit.
The Academy promotes the exchange of ideas and information amongst
its members and between these members and other researchers and academic
organisations.
The Young Academy and the Society of Arts are part of the Royal
Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences, as are the following
institutes:
Data Archiving and Networked Services (DANS)Hubrecht Institute for Developmental Biology and Stem Cell ResearchHuygens INGInternational Institute of Social History (IISH)Royal Netherlands Institute of Southeast Asian and Caribbean Studies (KITLV)Meertens InstituteNetherlands Institute for Advanced Study in the Humanities and Social Sciences (NIAS)Netherlands Interdisciplinary Demographic Institute (NIDI)Netherlands Institute for NeuroscienceNIOD Institute for War, Holocaust and Genocide StudiesNetherlands Institute of Ecology (NIOO)Rathenau InstituteSpinoza Centre for NeuroimagingWesterdijk Fungal Biodiversity Institute.
Privacy policy
The Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences is aware of its
responsibility when processing personal data. The Academy wants every
person whose personal data it processes to be confident that this is
done in a careful and lawful manner. The Academy processes personal data
in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and
the privacy rules arising from it.
Which personal data is recorded by the Academy?
The Academy only processes personal data if this is necessary for a
specific purpose. The purpose determines which personal data have to be
processed and no more data will be asked for than is essential for that
purpose.
Depending on the purpose, the following personal data may be
processed: name, address, town/city, e-mail address, company data,
gender, date of birth, account number, and curriculum vitae.
For our newsletters, for example, your e-mail address is requested
when you wish to subscribe. We will subsequently use your e-mail address
only for the services that you have subscribed to.
On what basis does the Academy process personal data?
The Academy only processes your personal data if there is a
legitimate basis for doing so. Depending on the purpose, personal data
are processed because:
you give your consent for this to be doneit is essential for implementing an agreement that has been made with youit is essential in order to fulfil a legal obligationit is essential in order to protect your vital interestsa public interest task is concernedthe Academy has a legitimate interest in doing so.
If the Academy processes personal data on the basis of your having
given consent, you have the opportunity to withdraw your consent at any
time. From that moment on, the Academy will no longer process any of
your personal data.
Purposes
The Academy processes your personal data in the first instance for
the purpose of fulfilling its statutory tasks (Section 1.5 Dutch Higher
Education and Research Act):
to serve as a learned society representing the full spectrum of scientific and scholarly disciplinesto act as a management body for national research institutesto advise the Dutch Government on matters related to scientific pursuit.
For this purpose, the Academy collects personal data so that the following activities can take place:
providing a forum for academic debate and the exchange of academic
information so as to be able to function as the voice and the conscience
of academiaproviding a forum for the Young Academy and the Society of Artsadvising the government on science policy and on using science for policyimplementing policy and management tasks in relation to the Academy
institutes that do research in the humanities, social sciences and life
sciencesmaintaining international academic relationships and participating in international academic organisationsawarding prizes and establishing and implementing incentive
programmes, whether or not as part of the Academy’s management of the
foundations and funds entrusted to it.
The Academy also processes one or more of your personal details for
the following purposes (depending on the activities that apply to you):
to be able to help you and inform you regarding specific research and/or collection issuesto perform its role as employerto collect relevant data for the purposes of well-defined academic researchto communicate with you by sending electronic newsletters and e-mails, and/or by postto be able to meet financial obligationsto answer your questions through social media, e-mail, by post or by telephoneto improve our website.
Securing your personal data
The Academy secures your personal data to prevent misuse or unauthorised access to your personal data.
Retention period for your personal data
In principle, personal data are not retained any longer than is
necessary to achieve the purpose for which the personal data are
collected. Personal data in documents that come under the 1995 Public
Records Act shall be stored in the manner in which and for as long as is
stipulated by this Act.
Retention periods for documents established by the Academy can be found in this selection list.
In cases where documents are archived in the public interest, for
scientific or historical research, or for statistical purposes, personal
data can be stored for a longer period. If this is the case, the
Academy, in accordance with the GDPR, will take appropriate technical
and organisational measures to protect your rights.
Disclosure to third parties
The Academy will only disclose your personal data to third parties if
there is a legal obligation or basis to do so as referred to in Section
6 GDPR.
When the Academy discloses your data to a third party, it will
safeguard your rights to privacy, among other things by concluding a
processing agreement in which arrangements are made as to how your
personal data must be dealt with.
Third-party websites
This statement is not applicable to websites of third parties that
are connected to our website by means of links. The Academy advises you
to go through the privacy policy of these third parties thoroughly.
Exercising your privacy rights
You can submit a request to the Academy to exercise the following rights:
Right to access your personal dataRight to rectify and/or add to your personal dataRight to erasure of your personal dataRight to restrict the processing of your personal dataRight to data portabilityRight of objectionRight not to be subjected to a decision based exclusively on automated processing, including profiling.
If your personal data are processed with a view to archiving in the
public interest, scientific or historical research, or for statistical
purposes, legislation places restrictions on, among other things, your
right to access, rectification, restriction of processing, and your
right of objection. Furthermore, if data are processed with a view to
archiving in the public interest, your right to the portability of your
personal data is also restricted. In addition, in this context the
Academy’s requirement to notify data subjects does not apply in all
cases. Data protection officer
Should you have any questions and/or complaints about the
safeguarding of your privacy within the Academy, please contact the KNAW
Data Protection Officer (DPO):
Name: Hans Alfons
Telephone/e-mail: +31 (0)20 551 0843 / fg@knaw.nl
Personal Data Authority
The Academy will work with you to find a solution if you have a
complaint regarding the processing of your personal data. If this does
not lead to a satisfactory result, you have the right under the GDPR to
submit a complaint to the Personal Data Authority.
Changes to this privacy statement
The Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences may change this
privacy statement. Any changes will be published on the Academy’s
website. Changes made to this privacy statement will never be in
violation of the GDPR and the privacy rules arising from it.
Cookies
The Academy makes use of cookies in so far as these are necessary for
the operation of the website and to monitor the quality or
effectiveness of the website.
Entry into force
This privacy statement entered into force on 16 May 2018.
Cookie consent
This website makes use of third party cookies for traffic analysis. Privacy statement.
Accept