http://nobelprize.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy policy
Introduction
The Nobel sphere engages in informational, educational, museum, research, media, financial, administrative and related activities. We are committed to ensuring that your personal information is protected and never misused.
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, the “Nobel sphere” refers to each of the following: Nobelstiftelsen (The Nobel Foundation), Alfred Nobels minnesstiftelse (The Alfred Nobel Memorial Foundation), Nobel Group Interests AB, Stiftelsen Nobel Center (The Nobel Center Foundation), Nobel Prize Outreach AB and Nobelhuset AB.
If you have any questions, comments or concerns about any aspect of this Privacy Policy or how the Nobel sphere handles your information, please email us at privacy[at]nobelprize.org.
Last updated 18 November 2020.
General
We never store or process personal information unless we have explicit consent, we have conducted a Legitimate Interests Assessment, we are required to process your personal information according to law or when it is necessary to fulfill an agreement with you.
Our legitimate interest for processing your personal information on the basis of a Legitimate Interests Assessment is to inform you about our activities; administer events, arrangements, websites and networks; and document and communicate our events and arrangements.
Personal information is never stored longer than deemed necessary to fulfil the purpose for which it was collected. Personal information that we process on the basis of a Legitimate Interests Assessment is normally processed for the period that is necessary for fulfilling the purposes of the processing. Personal information that we process for the purpose of fulfilling an agreement with you is normally processed for the duration of our agreement and for fifteen months after expiry of the agreement. To comply with legal obligations or because you have given your consent, we may keep your personal information for a longer period.
You have the right to:
Request access to your personal information. This enables you to receive a copy of the personal information we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction of the personal information that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate information we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new information you provide to us.
Request erasure of your personal information. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal information where there is no good reason for us to continue to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal information where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing, where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal information to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons, which will be communicated to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
Withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal information. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent.
Request restriction of processing of your personal information. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal information in the following scenarios: (a) if you want us to establish the information’s accuracy; (b) where our use of the information is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it; (c) where you need us to retain the information even if we no longer require it because you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or (d) you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Object to processing of your personal information where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or that of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on grounds that you feel it impacts your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object when we process your personal information for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
Request the transfer of your personal information to you or to a third party. We will provide you, or a third party you have chosen, with your personal information in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use, or where we used the information to fulfil a contract with you.
Transfers of personal information to third countries
As a general rule, we process your personal information only within the European Union/European Economic Area. Under certain circumstances, we may transfer your information outside of the EU/EEA. When we do so, we will ensure appropriate safeguards are in place in compliance with EU and national law.
Websites
The Nobel sphere manages several websites, including nobelprize.org and nobelprizemuseum.se. This Privacy Policy applies to all sites so operated.
Information we collect
We offer a number of services that do not require you to sign up, register or provide any personal information to us. In order to provide our full range of services, however, in certain cases we may ask for and collect personal information in different ways.
How we collect your personal information
Some of the services, such as certain interactive services, may require registration. To use these services, we may ask you for personal information and an account password. Other services (such as the options to evaluate and rate our content) may give you the option of providing personal or demographic information, such as your email address, name, address, ZIP or postcode, age, gender, preferences or favourites. You may decline to submit personal information to any of our services, in which case the site may not be able to fully provide those services to you.
Emails or other communications that you send may be retained in order to process your inquiries, respond to your requests or improve our services.
We collect information about your visit, including the pages you view, the links you click and other actions taken in connection with sites and services. We also collect certain standard information that your browser sends to every website you visit. See Web analytics below.
Information collected through one Nobel sphere service may be combined with information obtained through any other Nobel sphere service. Except in connection with the Tell a Friend service, as described below, we do not combine data entered by you (such as an opinion or rating) with personal information provided by the browser (such as the IP address).
How we use your personal information
We collect and process personal information for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. Such purposes include:
providing our services to users, including the display of customised content;
providing audits, research and analyses in order to maintain, protect and improve our services and technologies;
aiding the development of new services;
making services easier to use by eliminating the need for you to repeatedly enter the same information; and
operating and improving our site to deliver the services you have requested. These uses may include providing you with more effective customer service.
Personal information collected on our sites and services may be stored and processed in Sweden or any other country in which Nobel sphere or its affiliates or agents maintain facilities. Storage and processing are in adherence with applicable EU law.
Cookies
When you visit our sites, we send one or more cookies to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser. A cookie is a small file that is placed on your hard disk by a web server. The cookie contains a string of characters that can later be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. Cookies cannot be used to run programmes or deliver viruses to your computer. We only use standard first-party cookies, which are a communication tag only viewable by the site in the same nature as session ids. They are not third-party cookies, which may provide information outside our domain, violating our Privacy Policy.
We use cookies:
to improve the quality of our service by tracking user trends and paths using standard web analytics software;
to store your preferences and other information on your computer in order to save you time by eliminating the need to repeatedly enter the same information and to display your personalised content on your current and later visits to our sites; and
to make it easy for visitors to bookmark and share content to their favourite social destinations.
Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, but you can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some features and services may not function properly if your cookies are disabled.
Web analytics
When you visit our sites, we record some standard information about your visit. This information helps us to measure the popularity of our documents and to understand how traffic flows through our sites as well as to assist us in planning new content materials. We do not create individual profiles of visitors but only collect aggregate data. These server logs include information such as your web request, IP address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, referring webpage, plug-ins installed, screen size, search terms and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser. The log files are analysed by standard web analytics programs. In this process the information is non-personalised. We do not track individual visits unless you specifically ask us to do so (i.e. for solving certain problems) or if our security is violated. The log files are retained for as long as is necessary to perform the analysis described above, but in no case for a period of longer than 18 months.
Affiliated sites and links
This policy applies to web sites and services that are owned and operated by the Nobel sphere. We do not exercise control over sites displayed as links from within our sites. Our sites may present links in a format that enables us to keep track of whether these links have been followed. We use this information to improve the quality of our services.
Events
The Nobel sphere organises various events, such as the Nobel Prize Award Ceremonies, Nobel Week Dialogue, Nobel Prize Teacher Summit, Nobel Prize Inspiration Initiative and other programmes.
Information we collect
The information we collect depends on the event. We only collect information necessary to fulfil our obligations to you, and to ensure proper identification.
How we collect your personal information
All information is collected from you upon registration. In the case of repeated events, we may store your information to be able to invite you again. We do not collect information from third parties.
How we use your personal information
We collect and process personal information for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. Such purposes include:
communication in connection with an event;
ensuring proper identification at the event;
making sure dietary preferences or similar requirements can be met;
quality assurance and development of future events; and
archiving for research purposes.
We also use photography, video and audio recording to publicly promote events and to share events remotely with those who are unable to attend in person. This material is also used in our communication efforts and to provide an archive of the events.
Newsletters and networks
The Nobel sphere communicates through several newsletters, such as the nobelprize.org Monthly, and hosts several networks, such as the Nobel Prize Education Network.
Information we collect
The information we collect depends on the newsletter or network. In general, we only collect your email address, but in certain cases we also ask you for your name and profession. We only collect information necessary to fulfil our obligations to you.
How we collect your personal information
All information is collected upon newsletter/network registration. We do not collect information from third parties.
How we use your personal information
We collect and process personal information for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. Such purposes are:
communication of requested newsletters; and
communication in networks of which you are a member.
Information sharing
The Nobel sphere only shares personal information with other companies or individuals outside of the Nobel sphere in situations in which we (i) explicitly say we are doing so and include a description of the purpose for sharing personal information in the form where the information would be collected; or (ii) in the following limited circumstances: We have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to (a) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request; (b) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues; and (c) protect against imminent harm to the rights, property or safety of the Nobel sphere, its users or the public as required or permitted by law. We may share with third parties certain pieces of aggregated, non-personal information, such as the number of users who searched for a particular term, for example, or how many users took advantage of a particular service. Such information does not identify you individually.
Your personal information may further be shared with parties that process personal information on our behalf, i.e. data processors. Such data processors are, amongst others, our IT and system suppliers.
Your personal information may also be shared with parties that are independent data controllers when processing your personal information, such as, when applicable, law enforcement authorities (for security purposes in connection with events).
Information security
The Nobel sphere is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information and data from unauthorised alteration, access, use, destruction or disclosure. Our measures to protect the security of your personal information include:
storing the personal information you provide on computer systems with limited access, which are located in controlled facilities;
restricting access to personal information to Nobel sphere employees, contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our services. These individuals are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline, including termination and criminal prosecution, if they fail to meet these obligations; and
performing internal reviews of our data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures, as well as physical security measures to guard against unauthorised access to systems in which we store personal information.
If a password is used to help protect your accounts and personal information, it is your responsibility to keep your password confidential. If you are sharing a computer with anyone you should always log out before leaving a site or service to protect access to your information from subsequent users.
Compliance and changes
The Nobel sphere regularly reviews its compliance with this Privacy Policy. If we receive written complaints regarding this policy or our processing of personal information, we generally try to contact the complainant regarding his or her concerns and will try our best to resolve the complaint. We will occasionally update this policy to reflect changes in the site and to reflect your feedback. When we post changes to this policy, we will revise the ‘last updated’ date at the top of this document.
If you have any complaints regarding our processing of your personal information you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Swedish Data Protection Authority (Datainspektionen).
Coming up
Watch the 2020 Nobel Lectures, the Nobel Prize Concert, Nobel Week Dialogue, the prize award ceremonies in Oslo and Stockholm and Nobel Peace Prize Forum here at nobelprize.org.