https://noetic.org/privacy-policy
IONS Privacy & Security Policy
Institute of Noetic Sciences (IONS) fully respects your privacy, and we are committed to protecting your personal information. This Privacy Policy outlines the terms detailing what we will and will not use information provided to us via forms and other information collection mechanisms on our website, and by using this site, you consent to these terms.
We will not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to any third parties. We will not use or disclose your information for purposes other than those set forth in this Privacy Policy, unless we get your permission or we are legally compelled to do so, such as by law, subpoena, or court order.
What Information We Collect
If you are just here to browse the site without submitting any forms, you won’t be giving us any personal information, but if you submit information through one of the forms on the site, or send us an email or resume, you will be submitting information that identifies you personally.
Metrics gathered about your visit to our site may also be collected in the form of site logs, and although this helps tell us how many visitors came to our site and what they looked at, that information does not identify you personally. It may, however, contain the IP address of your computer, since that information usually provides the Internet Protocol address of each visitor.
Cookie Policy
What Are Cookies
As is common practice with almost all professional websites this site uses cookies, which are tiny files that are downloaded to your computer, to improve your experience. This page describes what information they gather, how we use it and why we sometimes need to store these cookies. We will also share how you can prevent these cookies from being stored however this may downgrade or ‘break’ certain elements of the sites functionality.
How We Use Cookies
We use cookies for a variety of reasons detailed below. Unfortunately, in most cases there are no industry standard options for disabling cookies without completely disabling the functionality and features they add to this site. It is recommended that you leave on all cookies if you are not sure whether you need them or not in case they are used to provide a service that you use.
Disabling Cookies
You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser’s Help for how to do this). Be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit. Disabling cookies will usually result in also disabling certain functionality and features of the this site. Therefore it is recommended that you do not disable cookies.
The Cookies We Set
Email newsletters related cookies — This site offers newsletter or email subscription services and cookies may be used to remember if you are already registered and whether to show certain notifications which might only be valid to subscribed/unsubscribed users.
Forms related cookies — When you submit data to through a form such as those found on contact pages or comment forms cookies may be set to remember your user details for future correspondence.
Third Party Cookies
In some special cases we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties. The following section details which third party cookies you might encounter through this site.
This site uses Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solution on the web for helping us to understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content.
For more information on Google Analytics cookies, see the official Google Analytics page.
From time to time we test new features and make subtle changes to the way that the site is delivered. When we are still testing new features these cookies may be used to ensure that you receive a consistent experience whilst on the site whilst ensuring we understand which optimizations our users appreciate the most.
Several partners advertise on our behalf and affiliate tracking cookies simply allow us to see if our customers have come to the site through one of our partner sites so that we can credit them appropriately and where applicable allow our affiliate partners to provide any bonus that they may provide you for making a purchase.
We also use social media buttons and/or plugins on this site that allow you to connect with your social network in various ways. For these to work the following social media sites including Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, YouTube, and LinkedIn, will set cookies through our site which may be used to enhance your profile on their site or contribute to the data they hold for various purposes outlined in their respective privacy policies.
More Information
Hopefully that has clarified things for you and as was previously mentioned if there is something that you aren’t sure whether you need or not it’s usually safer to leave cookies enabled in case it does interact with one of the features you use on our site.
How We Use Information
Email
If you contact us by email, we may use your email address to respond to your message. Any email content you send will be considered as volunteered to IONS for our own use. However, no confidentiality will apply to the subject matter of your message unless there is a prior NDA agreement in place, so we recommend that you do not send us any ideas or suggestions that you consider proprietary or confidential.
Solicited Information
Sometimes we ask visitors for personal information through forms on our website for registering for purposes including mailing lists, becoming a partner, or sales inquiries. The personal information you choose to provide on these forms, which would typically include your name, company name, and contact information, may be used by IONS in a manner consistent with the stated purpose of the given form. If we intend to use or share your personal information for any other purposes, we will be sure to let you know of that purpose and give you a chance to opt out before you submit your information. For instance, if you are asked for your email address, we will not add it to any automatic mailing lists unless we’ve asked for permission to do so.
Employment Opportunities
Our site may provide you with a means for submitting your resume or other personal information for consideration for employment opportunities at IONS. Personal information received through resume submissions will be kept confidential. We may contact you for additional information to supplement your resume, and we may use your information within IONS, or keep it on file for future use, as we make our hiring decisions.
Automatically Gathered Data
We may use the non-personal information gathered automatically by our system—such as computer IP addresses, the kind of browsers our viewers are using, and a record of the pages viewed on our site—so we can understand how to make our site more convenient and useful to our audience. We may also share this information, in aggregate form, with parties we hire to help us perform our business.
Transfer of Data
In order to promote continuity of services and support, if IONS is acquired or merges with another organization, we may transfer the information you’ve shared with us to the successor organization. In the unlikely event that we cease business operations, we may similarly transfer this data to another company that offers comparable products or services. The use and disclosure of transferred data may be governed by the privacy practices of the successor company.
Managing Your Privacy
As stated above, we will not collect personally identifying information about you without your knowledge, so the decision whether or not to share this information is completely up to you. You may request deletion or modification of your other personal information by contacting us via email. Note that any deleted information may remain in our data store as a result of routine system back-ups, but we will no longer use that information.
Information Security
In order to maintain the integrity and security of your personal information, we store this information on non-public computer systems with firewall and password protection to prevent access by anyone other than authorized IONS employees. Of course, we appreciate your help in safeguarding the integrity of your own privacy. We encourage you to let us know immediately if you suspect that the information you share with us is being used in any way contrary to this Privacy Policy, and we will investigate your inquiry as promptly as possible. To contact us, please send an email.
Outside Links
Our website may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that these third-party sites may collect information about you, and that they operate according to their own privacy practices. If you have any questions about linking to our site, please email our marketing department.
Donations and Gifts
If you make a contribution, we collect your name, email, the amount and date of the donation. If you provide it, we also maintain your address and telephone number.
While we will not disclose the specific amount of your gift, we may display your name and a giving range in our annual report or other publications in print or online. If you wish your name to remain anonymous, please contact us by email or call 707.781.7411.
Your donation is processed via a safe, secure and private facility for making online credit card gifts.
The names of donors are kept in a secure database to send thank you and tax letters. Your email address is added to our email list. We email newsletters and updates, as well as periodic event invitations. If you ever decide you do not want these updates, you can request to be removed from the list by replying to the email with the request to be removed, or by emailing the request to be removed.
We do not sell, disclose or share any information or list with any outside organizations. No donation history is made available to any party outside IONS. We provide information about major contributions to tax authorities as required by law.
Questions?
If you have any additional questions about IONS Privacy Policy, you may contact us by email. This site is owned and operated by the Institute of Noetic Sciences.
Join Our Global Community
Receive curated mind-bending, heart-enlivening content. We’ll never share your email address and you can unsubscribe any time.
AboutKnowledge and KnowingBridging scientific exploration and experiential discovery to better understand a timeless truth — that humanity is deeply interconnected.About
Overview
Noetic Sciences
Our Origins
Our Staff
Board of Directors
Partner Institutions
ScienceExploring Our Interconnected Universe Through intensive research and groundbreaking experimentation, we explore the interconnection between personal, inner spaces and the “outer space” of our shared reality.Science
Science Overview
Guiding Hypothesis
IONSX
IONS Discovery Lab
Scientists & Fellows
Experiments
Publications
Participate in Research
More to Explore
ExperienceFind Your SparkDeepening the way we understand ourselves, our world, and our purpose, wherever we are on our path.Experience
Experiential Programs
Events Calendar
Free Live Webinars
Community Group Network
IONS Conferences
2019 Conference
2017 Conference
EarthRise RetreatAn Outer Space for Inner ExplorationPairing modern amenities with picturesque surroundings, our experiential retreat center offers an ideal space to teach, learn, and grow.EarthRise Retreat
Overview
Photo Tour
Bring Your Group
Plan Your Stay
Sacred Land
Personal Retreats
Blog
Support UsWith your support, IONS is able to continue its pioneering role in unlocking the deepest mysteries of human consciousness.Support Us
Ways to Give
Membership
Giving Tuesday
Edgar Mitchell Legacy Fund
Media for Members
Planned Giving
Annual Reports
Donate
×
We use cookies to improve your browsing experience on our website, to analyze our website traffic, and to understand where our visitors are coming from. By browsing our website, you consent to our use of cookies. To learn more, see our Privacy PolicyI Agree