https://nofa.org/privacy-policy/
Northeast Organic Farming Association, Interstate Council (NOFA) understands how important privacy is to our supporters. We are committed to protecting your privacy and want to make sure that you understand how your information is used.
Interstate Council does not sell, rent, exchange, or otherwise disclose information about our site visitors. Although we capture limited information about visits to the site, this information is used only to analyze general traffic patterns (e.g., what pages are most/least popular) and to perform routine system maintenance.
E-mail Communications
You will not receive unwanted “spam” from INTERSTATE COUNCIL when you provide us with your email address. Our electronic mailings always includes an opt-out feature. Simply click on it and you will be removed from the mailing list. You can also email us directly web@nofa.org.
Our website may use “cookies” to enhance the experience of email subscribers. Cookies are pieces of information that some sites transfer to the computer that is browsing and are used for record-keeping purposes. Use of cookies makes web browsing easier by performing certain functions such as saving your passwords, your personal preferences regarding your use of the particular website, or to make sure you don’t see the same ad repeatedly. Many consider the use of cookies to be an industry standard. Your browser is probably set to accept cookies. However, if you would prefer not to receive cookies, you can alter the configuration of your browser to refuse cookies.
Monetary Transactions on Our Site
Interstate Council takes every precaution to protect our users’ information. When users submit sensitive information via the website or Paypal, their information is protected both online and off-line. When our online donation form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as a credit card number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the most commonly used software in the industry: SSL (Secure Socket Layers). While on a secure page, such as our donation form, your web browser will typically show a lock icon.
While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line. The servers that store personally identifiable information are in a secure environment, and the passwords to service them are regularly changed. For a detailed description of the security protection for credit card transactions, please contact Paypal.
Questions?
If you have any concerns about this policy, please contact us at web@nofa.org.
Search Site
Contact Us NOFA Interstate Council
411 Sheldon Road
Barre, MA 01005
web (at) nofa.org
Scroll to top
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.Accept settingsHide notification onlySettingsCookie and Privacy Settings
How we use cookies
We may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website.
Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change some of your preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
Essential Website Cookies
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refuseing them will have impact how our site functions. You always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. But this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site.
We fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. You are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. If you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain.
We provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. Due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. You can check these in your browser security settings.
Check to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. We need 2 cookies to store this setting. Otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab.
Click to enable/disable essential site cookies.
Other external services
We also use different external services like Google Webfonts, Google Maps, and external Video providers. Since these providers may collect personal data like your IP address we allow you to block them here. Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. Changes will take effect once you reload the page.
Google Webfont Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Webfonts.
Google Map Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Maps.
Google reCaptcha Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google reCaptcha.
Vimeo and Youtube video embeds:
Click to enable/disable video embeds.
Accept settingsHide notification only