http://nsidc.org/about/privacy
Skip to main content
National Snow and Ice Data Center
Home
Data
Data Sets for Research
Brightness Temperature
Glaciers
Ice Sheets
Permafrost
Sea Ice
Soil Moisture
Snow
...search for more
Scientific Data Search
Support for Researchers
Analysis & Imaging Tools
Data Announcements
Submit Your Data
Data Policies
User Support
Data for Everyone
Arctic Sea Ice News & Analysis
Glacier Photograph Collection
Greenland Ice Sheet Today
MASIE (Daily sea ice extent)
Satellite Observations of Arctic Change
Sea Ice Index
Virtual Globes: Google Earth
Sponsored Programs
Antarctic Glaciological Data Center
Exchange for Local Observations and Knowledge of the Arctic (ELOKA)
NOAA at NSIDC
NASA Distributed Active Archive Center at NSIDC (NSIDC DAAC)
Looking for facts and information? See About the Cryosphere.
Research
Scientists
Research Grants
Scientific Publications
Informatics Research
NSIDC Scientific Expeditions
On Thin Ice:
Expedition to a Crumbling Ice Shelf
Scientists blog from Antarctica and provide a glimpse of what it's like to do research in the field. Read their blog ...
News
For the Media
Newsroom: For the Media
For Data Users
Data Announcements
The Drift
Current Conditions
Arctic Sea Ice News & Analysis
Greenland Today
Satellite Observations of Arctic Change
Snow Today
NSIDC In the News
Events
NSIDC Highlights
Icelights: Answers to your burning questions about ice and climate
What's hot in the news around climate and sea ice and what are scientists talking about now? Read more...
About
About NSIDC
NSIDC People
Our Sponsors
Jobs
NSIDC Highlights
Use & Copyright
Contact Us
NSIDC's Green Data Center
About the Cryosphere
Quick Facts
All About The Cryosphere
All About Glaciers
All About Snow
All About Frozen Ground
All About Sea Ice
All About Arctic Climatology & Meteorology
Snow, Ice and Climate Change
Studying the Cryosphere
Photo Gallery
Educational Resources
Cryosphere Glossary
What is the Cryosphere?
When scientists talk about the cryosphere, they mean the places on Earth where water is in its solid form, frozen into ice or snow. Read more ...
Web pagesData Sets
About NSIDC
About Us
People
In Memoriam
Our Sponsors
Jobs at NSIDC
Monthly Highlights
Use & Copyright
Contact Us
NSIDC Data Policies
NSIDC Web Policy
NSIDC Green Data CenterProject Details
Monitoring System
Press Release
NSIDC Web PolicyThank you for visiting the National Snow and Ice Data Center's (NSIDC) Web site. The following is our policy on information that we track about visitors to our Web site, including the intent, maintenance, and possible uses of this information.
Automatically Collected Information
So that we may better serve our user community, we automatically collect the following information. This information allows us to measure Web page usage so that we may appropriately format our site. We do not collect personally identifiable information.
Domain name you are using, for example, mycomputer.com
IP address from which you accessed our site
Type of browser software you are using
Date and time of NSIDC Web site access
Internet address of the Web site from which you linked to NSIDC
Pages visited on our site, and path taken to reach multiple pages
Status code indicating whether your browser was successful in rendering the page
Personal Information
We do not automatically collect personally identifiable information. When you contact NSIDC via e-mail or by submitting a Web form, your name and contact information may be stored so that we can respond to your specific request or provide you with future updates to requested data sets.
NSIDC uses the Google search engine (an external search agency) throughout our Web site. Please be advised that information collected when you use the Google search is determined by Google. For more details on how Google collects identifiable information, see the Google Privacy Policy on Google's Web site.
Cookies (Information Collected for Tracking and Customization)
A cookie is a small amount of information given to a Web browser by a Web server. The browser stores the information on your computer. The information is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a Web page from the server. Cookies contain bits of information that facilitate the processing of Web pages and Web forms. A cookie can be used for authenticating, session tracking, and remembering specific information about users, such as site preferences or the contents of their electronic shopping carts. NSIDC collects this information to improve service to you.
NSIDC utilizes two types of cookies: session cookies and persistent cookies. Session cookies enable the processing of a Web page request and contact forms. Session cookies are temporary and they expire when you close your browser. NSIDC utilizes persistent cookies to enable our Web applications to preserve your information for future repeat visits. NSIDC sets persistent cookies to expire and be deleted after two weeks.
Sharing and Protecting Information
We respect the privacy of our visitors and user community. NSIDC may share the information described above with other government agencies as it relates to that agency or as required by law. Information will not be shared with other agencies or entities as the law permits. Visitors and users will only be contacted regarding specific questions submitted to NSIDC staff members, or regarding product and information updates to previously requested data or information. At any time, you may request removal from such contact lists.
Accessibility
NSIDC strives to ensure the pages on this Web site are accessible to individuals with disabilities in accordance with Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act. Some files on this Web site may be posted as Adobe Acrobat Portable Document Format (PDF) files. Adobe provides their Acrobat Reader software as a free download.
Linking Policy and Disclaimer of Endorsement
As a service to our users, NSIDC links to many Web sites created and maintained by other public and private organizations. The presence of a link is not an NSIDC endorsement of the site. When users follow a link to an outside Web site, they are subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of those site(s).
Please note that when you are accessing the NASA Earth Observing System (EOS) Data Pool at NSIDC (www.nsidc.org), you are subject to NASA's policies. You can link to NASA policies from the EOS Data Pool page.
Related Privacy Policy Links
United States Department of Justice Freedom of Information Act Google Privacy Policy
Find Data
Search NSIDC Data
NASA Earthdata Search
IceBridge Portal
Data Collections List
Stay Current
Arctic Sea Ice News and Analysis
Sea Ice Index (Passive microwave satellite data)
MASIE (Daily sea ice extent, multi-source)
Greenland Today
Newsroom
Learn About Snow and Ice
Icelights: Answers to Your Questions
Cryosphere Quick Facts
All About Glaciers
All About Snow
All About Sea Ice
Arctic Climatology - A Primer
Get Help
Knowledge Base
Etc.
Use & Copyright
Web Policy
Jobs
Home | Contact Us© 2020, National Snow and Ice Data Center :: Advancing knowledge of Earth's frozen regions