https://nysaflt.org/our-policy/
You are here: Home / Our PoliciesPolicies
Please click the tab below to read our different policies:
Privacy Policy
The New York State Association of Foreign Language Teachers, Inc. (NYSAFLT) is an independent, non-profit organization (501(c) (3)). NYSAFLT’s mission is to promote the teaching and learning of foreign languages in New York State. This privacy statement covers the NYSAFLT website, found at https://www.nysaflt.org. We (NYSAFLT) would like to ensure our website’s users of our commitment to their privacy by disclosing our information privacy practices. If our members and website users have any further questions or concerns regarding this privacy statement they should contact John Carlino, Executive Director, by e-mail at info@nysaflt.org.
Information Collection and Use
The personal information collected from our users (members) at any point on our website at https://www.nysaflt.org is solely owned by NYSAFLT.
Membership and Conference Registration
Anyone may join NYSAFLT by completing a membership form online. Any member may renew a membership or register for a NYSAFLT conference using our online membership renewal or conference registration forms. During online registration or membership renewal, a user is required to give contact information, such as name and email address, that is used to record membership and conference registration. How NYSAFLT handles financial information related to membership and conference registration can be viewed in the Security section below.
Information Use
Member Information
NYSAFLT headquarters maintains a separate, electronic database of members that includes: membership number, name, contact information, school district, language and level taught. This information is stored securely and separately from our website.
Third Party Advertising
NYSAFLT does not sell its membership lists to direct mailing providers. As a service to our members and exhibitors, a list of exhibitors presently contracting at the NYSAFLT conference is maintained with exhibitor-provided links on the Annual Meeting page of our website.
Communications from the Organization
Membership Listserv
Members in good standing will receive informational updates on NYSAFLT events, on foreign language events happening within New York State and on national issues of importance to NYSAFLT members. Out of respect for the privacy of our users we present the option not to receive such generalized mass communication. Information on how to be removed from official NYSAFLT e-mail communication can be obtained from John Carlino, Executive Director at NYSAFLT Headquarters or by sending an e-mail to: info@nysaflt.org. E-mail addresses that reject such mass communication mailings (with the exception of those that are rejected because of over quota or full mailboxes) will be removed by the Webmaster.
Sharing of Obtained Member Information
Legal Disclaimer
Although NYSAFLT makes every effort to preserve user privacy, the need may arise where NYSAFLT is legally obliged to disclose personal information wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with judicial proceedings, court orders or legal processes served on our website.
Links
NYSAFLT’s official website contains links to other sites believed to be of interest to foreign language teachers. Please be aware, however, that NYSAFLT is not aware or responsible for the privacy practices of linked sites. We encourage our users to be mindful when they are leaving our site and to read the linked site’s privacy statements that may collect personally identifiable information. The aforementioned NYSAFLT privacy statement applies solely to information collected by NYSAFLT’s website.
Security
NYSAFLT’s official website takes every precaution to protect our users’ information. To ensure the highest level of protection, NYSAFLT has partnered with payment processor
Paypal to handle all processing of credit card payment. Effective August 1, 2014, NYSAFLT no longer accepts credit card information via its domain.
NYSAFLT does not receive financial information, such as credit card numbers or expiration dates, via its website, website forms, or email. All credit card payments submitted online are processed through PayPal. If there should be a processing problem, the information collected is used to contact the user. No financial data is stored on the NYSAFLT website, at NYSAFLT headquarters, or on NYSAFLT data storage servers (Dropbox, Google Drive, etc).
We also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line. All of our users’ information is restricted in our offices. Access to address lists with telephone numbers and e-mail addresses is granted only to the Executive Committee, Board of Directors, Webmaster, and to committee chairs who need the information to perform a specific job. Questions about the security at our website can be sent via e-mail to info@nysaflt.org.
Correcting/Updating/Deleting Personal Information
If a member’s/user’s personally identifiable information changes (such as zip code, phone, e-mail, postal address, or school district), or if a user no longer desires NYSAFLT’s services, he/she may contact NYSAFLT Headquarters by e-mail at info@nysaflt.org, or by telephone or postal mail at the contact information listed below.
Notification of Changes
If a decision should be made to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, on our website, and other places we deem appropriate so that our users are aware of what information NYSAFLT collects, how, and under what circumstances this information is used.
If, however, NYSAFLT is going to use the collected users’ personally identifiable information in a manner differently than stated at the time of collection, we will notify our users via e-mail. Users will then have a choice as to whether or not we are able to use their information under this new privacy statement. However, if users have opted out of all communication with the official NYSAFLT website, then they will not be contacted, nor will their personal information be used. In addition, if we make any material changes in our privacy practices that do not affect user information already stored in our database, we will post a prominent notice on our website notifying users of the change. In some cases we will post a notice as well as e-mail those users who have opted to receive communications from NYSAFLT, notifying them of the changes in our privacy practices.
Contact Information
If users have any questions or suggestions regarding NYSAFLT’s privacy policy, please contact us at:
Phone:
(716) 836-3130
Email:
info@nysaflt.org
Mail:
John Carlino, Executive Director
2400 Main Street
Buffalo, New York 14214
Website:
https://www.nysaflt.org
Non-Discrimination Policy
With respect to equal employment, service, volunteer and membership opportunities and benefits, it is the policy of the New York State Association of Foreign Language Teachers not to discriminate on the basis of age, sex, race, color, national or ethnic origin, religion, disability, sexual orientation or gender identity.
Adopted 1/2006
Consideration of Sessions and Workshops
NYSAFLT
Policy on Consideration of Session and Workshop Proposals
The New York State Foreign Language Teachers’ Association (NYSAFLT) appreciates and depends upon the generosity of corporate sponsorships and participation by commercial vendors for the success of the conference.  With the advent of increasing internet commerce, the line between active practitioners and commercial vendors has blurred. In the interest of consistency and transparency, NYSAFLT has adopted the following policy for the acceptance of conference sessions:
Commercial enterprises who sponsor booths are entitled to an exhibitor session as part of their sponsorship fees. Exhibitor sessions are clearly identified in the conference program.
Pre-conferences are not available to vendors.  These sessions are highly selective and gratis registration and/or honoraria may be offered to presenters. For that reason, these workshops are limited to practitioners and/or recognized leaders in the field.
Proposals from practitioners or consultants who represent or receive reimbursement from a commercial enterprise for a session are also ineligible for consideration as a pre-conference workshop.  These may be proposed as exhibitor sessions if the commercial enterprise purchases space in the exhibit hall.
Conference sessions are normally presented by current practitioners or recognized leaders in the field.  These sessions are offered as service to the profession without remuneration. Out of fairness to vendors who exhibit, support and advertise for the conference, one-hour regular sessions need to be “commercial free”. All presenter-created materials referenced during these sessions must be made available for free to all session attendees.  Materials or services for sale on commercial websites benefiting the presenter or a company that they represent should not be advertised, promoted, distributed or referenced during the presentation.
CONTACT US New York State Association of Foreign Language Teachers, Inc. (NYSAFLT)
2400 Main Street
Buffalo, New York 14214
716.836.3130
Email is always the best way to reach us:
info@nysaflt.org
BUSINESS HOURS NYSAFLT headquarters doesn’t have regular hours, but we are almost always available by email to help!
Scroll to top