https://ofj.org/privacy/
Privacy Policy
The Oregon Friends of C.G. Jung (OFJ) places a high priority on protecting your privacy. This privacy policy was created in order to demonstrate OFJ’s firm commitment to the privacy of our members and website users. This policy explains what types of information is collected by the OFJ’s website, www.ofj.org, and how this information is used.
What Personally Identifiable Information is Collected
OFJ members that register for www.ofj.org and individuals that sign up to receive e-communications voluntarily provide us with contact information (such as name and e-mail address). We may use this information for specific, limited purposes. You may always “opt out,” either now or at any time in the future, if you do not wish to receive our messages.
IP addresses
The OFJ website uses your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer www.ofj.org, and for statistical metrics used to track website visitor traffic.
Cookies
www.ofj.org uses “cookie” messages to automatically help provide better services. They remind us who you are and your preferences for our website based on what you’ve done and told us before. The “cookie” is placed in your computer and is read when you come back to our website. Cookies let us take you to the information and features you’re particularly interested in. They also let us track your usage of www.ofj.org, so we know which parts of our sites are most popular. You can reject cookies or cancel them by instructing your Web browser accordingly.
How Your Information May Be Used
We use your personal information to provide you with personalized service; to send e-mail alerts to you; to answer your requests; to process your membership application; etc. You may choose to opt out at any time, which will cease all communications from us. We may also use your information to track visitor of our website. This lets us see which of our features are the most popular so we can better serve our users’ needs. It also lets us provide aggregate data about our traffic (not identifying you personally, but showing how many visitors used which features, for example) to outside parties
Email Privacy
The Oregon Friends of C.G. Jung does not provide, sell, or rent email addresses to anyone outside the organization.
Join UsBecome a Member
Register for an Event
Renew Membership
Donate
Oregon Friends of Jung Tote Bag
Announcements A Note about Racism, Carl Jung, and the Oregon Friends of C.G. Jung
2020-2021 Season Click here to see a list of our upcoming
2020-21 speakers and their program titles. Become a member today!
Due to the coronavirus health risk, our Fall 2020 and Spring 2021 programs will be presented online. Sign up below to receive the latest updates.
Our physical library is closed for the rest of 2020. Click here for more information.
Our streaming library of more than 300 Friday Talks is available for members. Click here to view a listing of our streaming lectures.
Sign up for OFJ Announcements
Sign up to receive Jung quotes,
news about our 2020-'21 season and
other online events.
Email Address
Leave this field empty if you're human:
Portland Web Design - Watermelon Web Works LLC