https://onerain.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to contentPrivacy PolicyHomePrivacy Policy
Last updated: November 3, 2020
Welcome to OneRain. At OneRain Incorporated, your privacy is important to us. This privacy policy explains what information we collect and how it is used.
OUR POLICY ON YOUR PRIVACYWhen you visit OneRain Incorporated’s website, some information about your visit will be collected. If you choose to provide us with personal information through our website forms or e-mails, the information you provide us will be recorded. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website (Site).
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?OneRain Incorporated gathers the following kinds of information from site visitors:
Automatically collected information: We may gather information about your visit to our site through automatic means, and may capture, among other things, the pages you viewed, the date, time, and length of your visit, and the type of web browser you used to access this site. Such automatically collected data does not include personal information, meaning information about a natural person that is readily identifiable to that specific individual. Personal information includes such things as an individual’s name, address, and phone number. A domain name or Internet Protocol (IP) address is not considered personal information.
Voluntarily provided information: During your visit to the OneRain Incorporated website, you may choose to make an enquiry about our products/services, request a quote or order our products/services, register for training, request a Return Material Authorization (RMA), respond to a survey or contact us via our Site. As appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, organization, phone number, location, or e-mail address. We will collect personal identification information from you only if you voluntarily submit such information to us. You may also visit our Site anonymously.
SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONWe do not sell, trade, or rent your personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above. OneRain may also share personal information with controlling entities, entities it controls, and those under common control. We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out training or customer service notices, newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
WHAT DO WE USE THE INFORMATION FOR?We use the information you share and we collect about you primarily to support the administering of our business. Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs).
To improve customer service: Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
To improve our Site (we continually strive to improve our product/services offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you).
To process transactions. Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To send periodic e-mails. The e-mail address you provide in our Site form(s) may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your enquiry, order, training registration, RMA, in addition to receiving occasional company news, related product or service updates, etc.
Opt-out: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future e-mails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each e-mail. For instance, if you subscribe to receive training notifications and later decide that you wish to discontinue receiving them, we will provide a simple process that allows you to end those notifications.
To manage our relationship with you, administer a survey, RMA request, job application, or other Site feature (e.g., by responding to your comments or queries submitted to us on the Site or asking for your feedback).
HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site. Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.
THIRD PARTY WEBSITESUsers may find other content or bookmarks on our Site that link to the websites and services of our partners, affiliates, suppliers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these websites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these websites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.
WEBSITE ANALYTICS AND BROWSER COOKIESTo improve your experience on our Site, we may use ‘cookies’ and other tracking technologies. Cookies are an industry standard and most major websites use them. A cookie is a small text file that our Site may place on your computer or other access device to store information about your preferences. A cookie can’t read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. We use cookies to facilitate authentication, e-commerce and website analytics. You may choose to set your Internet browser to reject cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. Check your browser preferences for information on how to disable cookies. If you opt to disable cookies, some features of the Site may not function.
Our Site may contain links to other websites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. When you go to other websites from here, we advise you to be aware and read their privacy policy.
Our Site uses Google Analytics, a service which transmits website traffic data to Google servers in the United States. Google Analytics does not identify individual users or associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. We use reports provided by Google Analytics to help us understand website traffic and webpage usage.
By using this Site, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner described in Google’s Privacy Policy and for the purposes set out above. You can opt out of Google Analytics if you disable or reject the cookie, disable JavaScript, or use the opt-out service provided by Google.
VISITING OUR SITE FROM OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATESIf you are visiting our Site from outside the United States, you understand and agree that your Information may be transferred to, stored and used in the U.S. where our servers are located and our central database is operated. While U.S. data protection laws may not be as comprehensive as those in your country, we have taken steps to ensure that your privacy is protected. By visiting our Site or using our Services, you acknowledge and agree that your information may be transferred to our U.S. facilities and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this Privacy Policy.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICYWe reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the e-mail address you have provided us, or by placing a prominent notice on our Site.
HOW YOU MAY CONTACT USShould you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
Mailing Address:OneRain Incorporated1531 Skyway Drive, Unit DLongmont, Colorado 80504United States of America
Phone: +1-303-774-2033E-mail: information@onerain.com