https://opti-tech.ca/view-privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Home > Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
LAST UPDATE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY – May 23, 2018
BEFORE USING OUR WEBSITE, PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY.
This Privacy Policy is applicable to Opti-Tech Scientific Inc. (“Opti-Tech”) and sets out our policy on the gathering and use of information on this site. Opti-Tech is committed to providing a safe website for visitors of all ages and has implemented this Privacy Policy to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy. Opti-tech complies with Canadian Federal and Provincial privacy laws and regulations including the Personal Information and Electronic Documents Act.
There may be links from our website to other websites; note that this Privacy Policy applies only to our website and not to websites of other companies or organizations to which our website may be linked. You must check on any linked websites for the privacy policy that applies to that website and/or make any necessary inquiries in respect of that privacy policy with the operator of the linked website. These links to third party websites are provided as a convenience and are for informational purposes only. Opti-Tech does not endorse, and is not responsible for, these linked websites.
Although you are not required to register to access our website, you may be asked to provide us with personal information when you visit certain sections. Your use of our website signifies your acknowledgement and consent to our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not continue to use our website. Your continued use of the website signifies your acceptance of these terms and any changes in effect at the time of use.
COLLECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Personal Information is information about you that identifies you as an individual, for example, your name, address, e-mail address, or telephone number.
We may collect information that you voluntarily provide to us through responses to surveys, search functions, questionnaires, feedback, Newsletter opt-in forms and the like. We may also ask you to provide additional information such as your e-mail address if you want to obtain additional services, information or to resolve complaints or concerns.
HOW DOES COMPANY USE INFORMATION GATHERED ABOUT ONLINE VISITORS?
Before forwarding us any personal information, please be advised that any information gathered on our website may be used in the aggregate for research and development relating to our website and/or for future website development and, if you ask us to, to send you promotional materials. In particular, we may use information gathered about you for the following purposes: to monitor interest in our range of products and to assist us to tailor the content of our website to your needs by collecting information about your preferences through tracking of patterns page views on our website; to create a profile relating to you in order to show you the content that might be of interest to you and to display the content according to your preferences; and, in circumstances where you have indicated that you wish to receive additional information, to send you information about us and promotional material about our products together with details of any offers we may have available from time to time.
PROMOTIONAL AND INFORMATIONAL OFFERS
With the permission of an online visitor, information submitted at the time of registration or submission may be used for marketing and promotional purposes by Opti-Tech provided notice of this fact is made available online. If a visitor objects to such use for any reason, he/she may prevent that use, either by e-mail request or by modifying the registration information provided. Opti-Tech uses reasonable efforts to maintain visitors’ information in a secure environment. If you have submitted personal information and want to change it or opt-out, please contact us as described below.
DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION
Opti-Tech will not disclose personal information that you provide on its website to any third parties other than to a Opti-Tech, agent except: i) in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy, or ii) to comply with legal requirements such as a law, regulation, warrant, subpoena or court order, and/or iii) if you are reporting an adverse event/side effect, in which case Opti-Tech may be required to disclose such information to bodies such as, but not limited to, Canadian and/or international regulatory authorities. Please note that any of these disclosures may involve the storage or processing of personal information outside of Canada and may therefore be subject to different privacy laws than those applicable in Canada, including laws that require the disclosure of personal information to governmental authorities under circumstances that are different than those that apply in Canada.
COOKIES
Opti-Tech, in common with many web site operators, may use standard technology called “cookies” on its website. Cookies are small data files that are downloaded onto your computer when you visit a particular website. You can disable cookies by turning them off in your browser; however, some areas of the website may not function properly if you do so.
PROTECTION OF CHILDREN ONLINE
Opti-Tech considers the protection of children’s privacy, especially online, to be of the utmost importance. We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from children nor do we allow them to request information through our website or help-seeking information channels.
PROTECTION OF INFORMATION
Our Commitment to Security
We have put in place physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the information we collect online. Opti-Tech applies security safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the information, such as retaining information in secure facilities and making personal information accessible only to authorized employees on a need-to-know basis.
STORAGE INFORMATION
Personal information you share with us is stored on our database servers at Opti-Tech data centres (in whatever country they may be located), or hosted by third parties who have entered into agreements with us that require them to observe our Privacy Policy.
POLICY CHANGE
If we alter our Privacy Policy, any changes will be posted on this page of our website so that you are always informed of the information we collect about you, how we use it and the circumstances under which we may disclose it.
ACCEPTANCE OF OUR PRIVACY POLICY
By using this website, you signify your acceptance of our Privacy Policy, and you adhere to the terms and conditions posted on the website. By submitting your information, you agree that it will be governed by our Privacy Policy.
Our Latest Innovations
At Opti-tech, we live on the leading edge. Find out what’s new around here,from the latest solutions to the newest technologies.learn more
Our Promotions
We work with the best suppliers in the industry. Here are some of the promotions we are currently running.learn more
Stay in touch with us
Have any questions? info@opti-tech.ca
Call us905-239-9987
newsletter
What ‘State-of-the-Art’ Means at Opti-tech
Our certified service guarantee includes all our microscopy and digital imaging solutions, but here’s an example of how we apply our knowledge and experience to a microscope.
Service for Microscopes
All microscopes are issued a serial number. This number provides us with a record of all components to the microscope as well as a history of all service work completed. With this system, we can provide:
Correct parts
Replacement Bulbs
Upgrades
Possible identification of problems over the phone
More efficient service follow-up
Effective cost management
Along with the serial number, a service sticker is affixed to each instrument identifying the date of service, recommended date of next service, calibration code, instrument serial number and the technician who completed the work.
– All stickers are clean room compatible
– All work is guaranteed against any workmanship imperfections
– All work is performed by Factory Trained Technicians with 78 combined years of experience
– All service work is done to Factory Specifications
– Calibrations can be done to ISO or Military Specifications
– Calibration certificates and reports can be generated on site.
– Microscope loaners can be issued to reduce down time.
– Emergency Service is available (same day or next day in the Golden Horseshoe Area)
– On-site warranty repairs (some restrictions apply)
– Free consultation services always available
X
X
Subscribe To Our Newsletter
***
I agree to receive occasional emails containing product news and upcoming promotions. You can unsubscribe anytime by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of all our emails. We will never share your information with a 3rd party.
X