https://optiwave.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Our Policy for Protecting Your Online Privacy
This website uses Google Analytics to help analyze how users use the site. The tool uses “cookies,” which are text files placed on your computer, to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including IP address) is transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate visitors’ use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity for Optiwave Systems Inc.
We will never (and will not allow any third party to) use the statistical analytics tool to track or to collect any Personally Identifiable Information (PII) of visitors to our site. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. Neither we nor Google will link, or seek to link, an IP address with the identity of a computer user. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any Personally Identifiable Information from any source, unless you explicitly submit that information via a fill-in form on our website.
This website uses the Google AdWords remarketing service to advertise on third party websites (including Google) to previous visitors to our site. It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven’t completed a task on our site, for example using the contact form to make an enquiry. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to the Optiwave Systems Inc. website. Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google’s privacy policy.
Further Information about Cookies
The Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB) is an industry body that develops standards and guidelines to support online business processes. It has produced a series of web pages that explain how cookies work and how they can be managed.
You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Preferences page, and if you want to you can opt out of interest-based advertising entirely by cookie settings or permanently using a browser plugin.
If you have questions concerning our privacy policy, please email privacy@optiwave.com.
OptiSystem 17.1 is Ready
August 10, 2020
OptiSystem 17.1 provides some new features, improvements and fixes *Active maintenance & support users will receive an email with the upgrade instructions. NOTE FOR USB KEY LICENSES: You must update your USB key before installing the new version (please contact us)! Download Release Notes of OptiSystem 17.1
Evaluations
Get access to all our software tools instantly! No need to speak with a sales representative.
Evaluate
Download
Close