https://ospe.on.ca/terms-of-use/
Skip to content
Society Notes BlogCareer CentreJoin OSPELogin
TERMS OF USE
PLEASE READ ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY. BY CLICKING “I Agree”, OR BY USING THE ONTARIO SOCIETY OF PROFESSIONAL ENGINEERS (“OSPE”) WEBSITE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT, EVEN IF YOU HAVE NOT READ THEM. IT IS IMPORTANT TO READ THIS ENTIRE AGREEMENT. IN PARTICULAR, IT CONTAINS PROVISIONS THAT MAY LIMIT YOUR RIGHTS, SUCH AS THE SECTION ENTITLED LIMITATIONS.
These terms were last revised on May 5, 2020.
Intellectual Property: Copyright ©2020 Ontario Society of Professional Engineers.  All rights reserved. The contents of this site are owned and copyrighted by OSPE and its suppliers and may contain trademarks of OSPE or others.  You may print, copy or save portions of this site for your own use only – provided that all copyright and trademark provisions contained on the site remain intact. Unauthorized use of any portion of this site beyond that which contained in the previous paragraph may violate the copyright, the trademark and other laws.
While OSPE uses reasonable efforts to update and maintain this site , it does not warrant the completeness, timeliness or accuracy of any information contained on this site and may make changes thereto at any time at its sole discretion without notice.  All information contained herein is provided to users “as is”, “with all faults,” “as available” and “at your own risk”.  This site is only intended to supply general information , and nothing specific to engineering or any other advice.  This site is not intended to be used as a substitute for any kind of professional advice.
User Responsibilities: You are responsible for all activities you perform on the site.  If you are posting information on publicly accessible areas of this site, keep in mind that anyone can view it.  You  will not use the site for purposes proscribed by OSPE , including but not limited to: illegal or inappropriate purposes; sending spam; perpetration of security breaches; hacking; privacy breaches; fraudulent activity; distribution of viruses or other harmful codes; transmission, distribution or storage of any material protected by copyright rules, trademark, trade secret or other intellectual property right without proper authorization or rights, or material that is infringing, obscene, defamatory, fraudulent, untruthful, disrespectful, discriminatory, or abusive; any unauthorized access, alteration, theft, corruption or destruction of files, data, transmission facilities or equipment; or to interfere with any other person’s use and enjoyment of the site.
OSPE does not routinely monitor all material that has been placed on the site, but may at its discretion, delete or modify any  offending material  that comes to its attention, or terminate the access of the offending users.  OSPE is not responsible for and does not endorse anything users post on the site.
OSPE does not acquire ownership interest in anything users post on this site.  Users grant OSPE the license to use and display materials for the purposes of the site, and any related uses or promotion, anything posted on publicly accessible areas of this site at no cost to OSPE.
If you believe that anything posted on this site offends your copyright or other intellectual property rights, is defamatory, or otherwise infringes your rights, you may email OSPE at the email address at the bottom hereof.  We will take any actions we believe are appropriate in the circumstances.
Logon ID’s and Passwords: Your access to portions of the website requires login ID’s and passwords. It is your responsibility to protect your ID and password by, using effective passwords that are not easily guessed or discoverable, and to keep login ID’s and passwords confidential.  You may not use a login ID that suggests you are someone you are not. You are responsible for any activity that occurs under your login ID.  You will immediately report, to OSPE, any unauthorized use of the website or if you suspect that your account has been compromised.
You must be a member of the OSPE to obtain and use a login ID.
Limitations: All promises made by OSPE relating to this site and its contents are contained in this agreement. No promises implied by law (whether described as warranties, conditions, representations, or otherwise, and whether relating to merchantability, fitness, non-infringement, or otherwise) apply.
You cannot collect any damages from OSPE for any reasons (whether under legal theories of contract, tort, negligence, strict liability, operation of law or otherwise – or whether characterized as direct, indirect, or otherwise) that may arise from or relate to this site or its contents.
OSPE relies on these limitations when entering into this agreement and setting its fees. They are a fundamental and essential part of our arrangement and apply even if this agreement has failed in its fundamental or essential purpose or has been fundamentally breached.
Governing Law: This site is governed by the laws of the Province of Ontario, Canada, excluding any conflicts of law provisions and excluding the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods.  Any legal action against OSPE shall take place in the courts of the Province of Ontario. The parties attorn to the nonexclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Ontario.
Links:  Any third-party sites that are linked to this site are not under OSPE’s control.  OSPE is not responsible for anything on the linked sites, including but not limited to, any content, links to other sites, any changes to those sites, or any policies those sites may have. OSPE provides links as a convenience only and such links do not imply any endorsement by OSPE of those sites.
Privacy:  Please see our Privacy Policy
Sale Details: OSPE tries to provide accurate information on this site, but errors may occur.  OSPE reserves the right to change the goods and services available through the site, and their prices, without any notice or liability.  OSPE cannot guarantee goods or services advertised on the site will be available when ordered or thereafter.  OSPE reserves the right at any time to reject, correct, or terminate any order for any reason whatsoever.  If you order goods or services for which the price was incorrectly displayed, OSPE will provide you with an opportunity to place an order at the correct price.  If you order goods or services that are not available, OSPE will notify you by email.  OSPE reserves the right to limit quantities sold.  Nothing on the site is an offer to sell.  Your completed and delivered order form is an offer to purchase the goods or services contained in your order.  Your order is deemed accepted only if and when OSPE sends both an order acceptance and shipment notice to your email.
Changing these terms: OSPE may change these terms by posting a notice on its site.
OSPE may be contacted at:
4950 Yonge Street
Suite 502
Toronto, ON M2N 6K1
Tel: (416) 223-9961
Fax: (416) 223-9963
Toll Free: 1-866-763-1654
Toll Free Fax: 1-866-763-1655
E-mail: info@ospe.on.ca
Join OSPE
Login
Membership
Become an OSPE Member
Membership Types
Membership Benefits
Included With Your membership
Member Orientation Webinar
Exchange Hubs
Ambassador Program
Login
Engineering Blue Book
Advocacy
Advocacy Achievements
Our Work
Research Reports
Submissions
Policy Areas
Energy
Engineering Workforce
Engineering Compensation Survey
Engineering Fee Guideline
Environment
Diversity and Inclusion
OSPE’s Four Point Diversity & Inclusion Action Plan
The EDI Imperative
Breaking Barriers
Infrastructure
Research & Innovation
ENGtalks
Events
The #EDI Advantage
Engineering Employment Events
Virtual Engineering Employment Event
2021 Engineering Conference
OPEA Gala
Event Calendar
Engineering Academy
Journey to P.Eng.
Certifications
Programs and Courses
International Engineering Graduate (IEG) Programs
Career Services
Job Search Workshops
Mentorship Program
Engineering Employment Events
Virtual Engineering Employment Event
Partnership
About
OSPE News
The Voice Magazine
Society Notes Blog
Newsletter Signup
Strategic Plan
Board of Directors
Governance
Annual Reports
Awards
Board Election and AGM
Board Reports
Code of Conduct and Bylaws
Committees and Task Forces
In the Media
Society Notes Blog
Career Centre