https://pacificcombustion.com/privacy-policy/
Home
My Account
Cart
Shop
Brands
More
FAQ
Sales & Specials
About US
Industries
Testimonials
Scientist Spotlight
News
Video Gallery
Privacy Policy
Contact
Request For Quote
800-342-4442
Search for:
Search
Home
My Account
Cart
Shop
Brands
More
FAQ
Sales & Specials
About US
Industries
Testimonials
Scientist Spotlight
News
Video Gallery
Privacy Policy
Contact
Request For Quote
Home /
Privacy Policy
-- Type to Search Products --
--SELECT BRAND--
Furnaces
LindbergMPH
Thermolyne™
TPS Box Furnaces
Across International
Buchi
Cascade tek
Heidolph
Julabo
Thermo Scientific
Shel Lab
Carbolite
Lindberg
So-low
Accucold
Cress Furnaces
Mellen
Paragon
Thermcraft
PolyScience
TPS
CM Furnaces
Quincy Lab
Welch
Despatch
Kimble Chase
Neytech
Norlake
SW Safety
Vcella
Furnaces
All Furnaces
Box Furnaces
All Box Furnaces
Thermo Scientific Box Furnaces
Thermcraft Box Furnaces
Lindberg Blue M Box Furnaces
Mellen Box Furnaces
Carbolite Box Furnaces
CM Box Furnaces
Cress Box Furnaces
TPS Box Furnaces
Paragon Box Furnaces
Neytech Box Furnaces
Ashing Furnaces
Thermolyne Box Furnaces
Vcella Box Furnaces
Tube Furnaces
All Tube Furnaces
Thermo Scientific Tube Furnaces
Thermcraft Tube Furnaces
Mellen Tube Furnaces
CM Tube Furnaces
Carbolite Tube Furnaces
TPS Tube Furnaces
Lindberg Tube Furnaces
Crucible Furnaces
All Crucible Furnaces
Mellen Crucible Furnaces
Lindberg Crucible Furnaces
Carbolite Crucible Furnaces
Rocking Furnaces
All Rocking Furnaces
Mellen Rocking Furnace
Crystal Growth Furnaces
All Crystal Growth Furnaces
Mellen Crystal Growing Furnaces
Thermcraft Crystal Growing Furnaces
Elevator Furnaces
Mellen Elevator Furnaces
Kilns
All Kilns
Paragon Kilns
Vcella Kilns
Cress Kilns
Controllers
All Controllers
Programmable Controllers
Single Set Point Controllers
Ovens
All Ovens
Gravity Ovens
All Gravity Ovens
Heratherm Gravity Ovens
Blue M Gravity Ovens
Carbolite Gravity Ovens
TPS Gravity Ovens
DK Gravity Ovens
Shel Lab Gravity Ovens
Quincy Lab Gravity Ovens
Mechanical Convection Ovens
All Mechanical Convection Ovens
Heratherm Mechanical Convection Ovens
Blue M Mechanical Convection Oven
TPS Mechanical Convection Ovens
Carbolite Mechanical Convection Ovens
DK Mechanical Convection Ovens
Despatch Mechanical Convection Ovens
Shel Lab Mechanical Convection Ovens
Quincy Lab Mechanical Convection Ovens
Vaccum Ovens
All Vacuum Ovens
Cascade Tek Vacuum Ovens
Across International Vacuum Ovens
Thermo Scientific Vacuum Ovens
Welch Vacuum Pumps
Shel Lab Vacuum Ovens
Walk In Ovens
All Walk In Ovens
TPS Industrial Walk In Ovens – Truck-In Ovens
Gruenburg Walk In Oven
DK Walk In Ovens
High Temp Oven
All High Temp Oven
Carbolite High Temperature Ovens
TPS High Temperature Ovens
Freezers
All Freezers
Chest Freezers
All Chest Freezers
Thermo Scientific Chest Freezers
So-Low Chest Freezers
Accucold Chest Freezers
Norlake Chest Freezers
Revco Chest Freezers
Undercounter Freezers
All Undercounter Freezers
Thermo Scientific Undercounter Freezers
So-Low Undercounter Freezers
Accucold Undercounter Freezers
Norlake Undercounter Freezers
Revco Undercounter Freezers
Upright Freezers
All Upright Freezers
Thermo Scientific Upright Freezers
So-Low Upright Freezers
Accucold Upright Freezers
Norlake Upright Freezers
Revco Upright Freezers
Ultra Low Freezers
All Ultra Low Freezers
Thermo Scientific Ultra Low Freezers
Norlake Ultra Low Freezers
Revco Ultra Low Freezers
So-Low Ultra Low Freezers
Norlake Select Laboratory Freezers
Chillers and Water Baths
All Chillers and Water Baths
Portable Recirculating Chillers
All Portable Recirculating Chillers
Thermo Scientific Portable Recirculating Chillers
PolyScience Portable Recirculating Chillers
Julabo Portable Recirculating Chillers
DuraChill Recirculating Chillers
All DuraChill Recirculating Chillers
PolyScience DuraChill Recirculating Chillers
Refrigerated Circulating Bath
All Refrigerated Circulating Bath
Thermo Scientific Refrigerated Circulating Baths
PolyScience Refrigerated Circulating Baths
Julabo Refrigerated Circulating Baths
Heated Circulating Bath
All Heated Circulating Bath
Thermo Scientific Heated Circulating Baths
PolyScience Heated Circulating Baths
Julabo Heated Circulating Baths
General Purpose Water Bath
All General Purpose Water Bath
Thermo Scientific General Purpose Water Baths
PolyScience General Purpose Water Baths
Julabo General Purpose Water Baths
Benchtop Chillers
All Benchtop Chillers
Julabo Benchtop Chillers
PolyScience Benchtop Chillers
Thermo Scientific Benchtop Chillers
Refrigerators
All Refrigerators
Laboratory Refrigerators
All Laboratory Refrigerators
Norlake Laboratory Refrigerators
Revco Laboratory Refrigerators
Thermo Scientific Laboratory Refrigerators
So-Low Laboratory Refrigerators
Pharmacy Refrigerators
All Pharmacy Refrigerators
Norlake Pharmacy Refrigerators
Revco Pharmacy Refrigerators
So-Low Pharmacy Refrigerators
Thermo Scientific Pharmacy Refrigerators
Glass Door Refrigerators
All Glass Door Refrigerators
Norlake Glass door Refrigerators
Revco Glass Door Refrigeratros
So-Low Glass Door Refrigerators
Thermo Scientific Glass Door Refrigerators
Solid Door Refrigerators
All Solid Door Refrigerators
Norlake Solid Door Refrigerators
Revco Solid Door Refrigerators
So-Low Solid Door Refrigerators
Thermo Scientific Solid Door Refrigerators
Undercounter Refrigerators
All Undercounter Refrigerators
Norlake Undercounter Refrigerators
Revco Undercounter Refrigerators
So-Low Undercounter Refrigerators
Thermo Scientific Undercounter Refrigerators
Walk In Refrigerators
All Walk In Refrigerators
Norlake Walk In Refrigerators
Incubators
All Incubators
Microbiological Incubators
All Microbiological Incubators
Thermo Scientific Microbiological Incubators
Shel Lab Microbiological Incubators
Refrigerated/BOD Incubators
All Refrigerated/BOD Incubators
Shel Lab Refrigerated/BOD Incubators
Thermo Scientific Refrigerated/BOD Incubators
CO2/Tri-Gas Incubators
All CO2/Tri-Gas Incubators
Thermo Scientific CO2/Tri-Gas incubators
Shel Lab CO2/Tri-Gas Incubators
Shaking Incubators
Shel Lab Shaking Incubators
Chemicals
All Chemicals
Ethanol
Acetone
IsoPropyl Alcohol
Heat Transfer Fluids
All Heat Transfer Fluids
Duratherm Heat Transfer Fluids
PolyScience Heat Transfer Fluids
Propylene Glycol Heat Transfer Fluids
Ethylene Glycol Heat Transfer Fluids
Supplies
All Supplies
Parts
All Parts
Thermo Scientific Parts
TPS Parts
Lindberg MPH Parts
Carbolite Parts
Welch Parts
Heating Elements
All Heating Elements
Thermo Scientific Heating Elements
TPS Heating Elements
Paragon Heating Elements
Lindberg MPH Heating Elements
Carbolite Heating Elements
Thermocouples
All Thermocouples
Thermo Scientific Thermocouples
TPS Thermocouples
Lindberg MPH Thermocouples
Ceramic & Quartz Labware
All Ceramic & Quartz Labware
McDanel Ceramics Labware
United Silica Labware
Glassware
All Glassware
Kimble Chase
Safetywear
All Safetywear
Gloves
Lab Coats
Goggles
Others
All Other Products
Rotary Evaporators
All Rotary Evaporators
Heidolph Rotary Evaporators
Across International Rotary Evaporators
Buchi Rotary Evaporators
Hot/Stir Plates
Thermo Scientific Cimarec Hot-Stir Plates
Vacuum Pumps
All Vacuum Pumps
Welch Pumps
Privacy Policy
Introduction
This Privacy Policy discloses the policies of www.geekforcehost.com/live-pacific3 (the “Website”) and its operator Pacific Combustion Engineering Co. (collectively “we” or “us”) regarding the collection, use and disclosure of information you submit to us through the Website.
User Consent
By accessing or otherwise using the Website, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy, which is incorporated into and forms a part of the Website’s terms of service. You expressly consent to the processing and use of your information as described herein.
Types of Information Collected
We collect certain “Personal Information” about you which may include, but is not limited to, information that is personally identifiable such as your name, e-mail address, address, user ID number, credit card information and other associated non-public information. We also collect data that is associated with the foregoing, as well as “Anonymous Information,” which is information that is not associated with or linked to your Personal Information and does not, based on our understanding, permit the identification of individual persons.
Collection of Personal Information
We collect Personal Information you voluntarily submit to us through the Website. It is optional for you to utilize this Website. If you elect to utilize certain aspects of this Website, we may ask you to provide us with certain personal information about yourself, such as your first and last name, mailing address (including zip code), company name, email address and telephone number. When you order products or services, we may also ask you to provide us with your credit card number, expiration date and authentication codes or related information. If you do not provide certain mandatory information for a particular activity that requires it, you will not be permitted to engage in that activity. We may offer contests, sweepstakes or other contests that will require you to sign up and provide additional Personal Information. In that case, we will collect the information provided along with your involvement in such activity. Additionally, we reserve the right to collect any other information that you voluntarily enter, including Personal Information, into any postings, comments, feedback, or forums on the Website.
We may, but are in no way obligated to, provide for referral or tell another programs that allow you to recommend the site or an article to a friend. If you choose to do so, we will ask for your referral’s name and email address. We will automatically send your friend one or more communications with either the product you have purchased or an invitation for him or her to visit the Website. The communication will allow the referral to unsubscribe from further communications. We will collect this information for the sole purpose of sending an invitation to visit the site, sending their product and tracking the success of any referral program. We will also collect your e-mail address and the full content of your e-mail, including attached files, and other information you provide. We may use and display your full name and email address to your referral. Additionally, we use your email address to contact you about the status of your referral.
Collection of Anonymous Information
We use technology to passively collect and store certain anonymous information that is not tied to a specific identified user which may include, but is not limited to your Internet protocol address, browser type and operating system. We, or our authorized third-party representatives may use Cookies and navigational data like Uniform Resource Locators (URL) to gather information regarding the date and time of your visit, the site you immediately came from and the site you immediately go to after accessing the Website. It will also collect data about the use of the Website including what programs, applications, advertisements and terms you searched, viewed or clicked. Should you be directed to any other site from the Website, we are not responsible for the acts of other sites and this Privacy Policy does not apply to that site.
We may engage in remarketing to market our sites across the web. When a user visits our site, a cookie is dropped on the user. Users with this cookie may be targeted across advertising networks to receive relevant advertisements.
Use and Disclosure of Personal Information
Except as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy, we do not sell, trade, rent, or otherwise share for marketing purposes the Personal Information that we collect with any third parties other than third parties working with us.
In general, we use Personal Information you provide to provide you access to the Website and its services, to improve the Website, tailor the features to you and to offer you additional information, opportunities, promotions and functionality from us or the specific advertisers you inquire about on the Website at your request.
Your Personal Information may be disclosed to third-party service providers who work with us to provide some of the services on the Website and to help us communicate with you. Examples include, but are not limited to, sending email, analyzing data, marketing, processing payments (including credit card payments), and providing customer service. We expect our third-party service providers to not to use such information except as necessary to provide the relevant services to us.
We may also share some or all of your Personal Information (other than credit card information) with advertisers about whom you have inquired and/or purchased products from the Website. If you do not want any Personal Information shared with the advertisers, then do not click on their advertisements or purchase their products from the Website.
We also reserve the right to create Anonymous Information records from the Personal Information you provide by excluding information that we believe in good faith prevents it from being directly identified to a specific user such as your name. This would include any comments or feedback you provide us which becomes our property and we reserve the right to use any such material with your Personal Information redacted in perpetuity for any reason we deem appropriate including, but not limited to, marketing and or improvement of the Website, without royalties or compensation to you. Any such Anonymous Information is subject to terms of this Privacy Policy applicable to all Anonymous Information.
We may share some or all of your Personal Information with our affiliated companies that are under a common control, in which case, we will require them to honor this Privacy Policy.
If we go through a business transition such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, your Personal Information may be transferred. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur and are permitted by this Privacy Policy. The acquirer of any Personal Information through a business transfer will be subject to this Privacy Policy until revised by the acquirer pursuant to this Privacy Policy.
We reserve the right to disclose your Personal Information if we believe that such disclosure is necessary to (a) comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on us; or (b) to protect and defend our rights or property, you, or third parties. You consent to us sharing your Personal Information under the circumstances described herein.
Use and Disclosure of Anonymous Information
This Privacy Policy does not limit our use or disclosure of any Anonymous Information in any way, and we reserve the right to use and disclose Anonymous Information to our partners, advertisers and other third parties in our absolute discretion.
The Ability of Others to View Your Information
When you use the Website, certain information you post or provide on the publicly available portions of the Website, may become publicly available and may be collected and used by others, including people outside of the control of the Website. We have no obligations with respect to any information that you post to publicly available parts of the Website.
Third Party Sites and Advertising
The Website may contain links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other websites and this Privacy Policy does not apply to any other sites. We make no representation regarding the privacy practices of any other sites regardless whether we advertise on those sites or provide a link to those sites from our Website.
Ability to Unsubscribe
Should you receive a promotional email from us, you may “opt-out” of receiving additional promotional email communications from us by following the unsubscribe instructions on the emails. You may also contact us directly at info@geekforcehost.com/live-pacific3 This applies to promotional communications and not administrative communications we feel are necessary to provide the services on the Website.
Disclaimer of Guaranty of Security
We believe we have taken reasonable steps to protect your Personal Information. No one can fully guarantee or fully eliminate all risks associated with Personal Information and we make no such guarantees.
Revisions
This Privacy Policy is subject to occasional changes at our discretion. We will post any such changes to this page and may otherwise post other alerts on the Website or communicate such changes through email. If you disagree with any such changes, please cease using the Website. Continued use following the posting of any such changes indicates your acceptance of the changes.
Minors
This Website is intended for use by those over 18 and minors under the age of 13 may not use the Website.
Cart
Item Removed. Undo
No products in the cart.
Checkout -
$0.00
0
1
Email US
Get In Touch
Call US
1-800-342-4442
CONTACT INFO
2107 Border Ave. Torrance, CA 90501
1800-342-4442       Fax- (310) 212-5333
sales@pacificcombustion.com
OPENING HOURS
Monday – Friday
8:00 AM – 5:00 PM
Saturday
Closed
Sunday
closed
QR Code
Click to Save Contact Info
© Pacific Combustion Engineering 2018
×
Subscribe Our News Letter
Name*
Name*
Email*
Are you Human?*
4+7=