https://pamweb.org/privacy-policy/
Donate
Letters
Q&A
Contact
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for PsychoHeresy Awareness Ministries.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to fulfill your registration.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about new website content, including newsletters and articles, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. This website does not collect personal information about our viewers. The only personal information we have is what you have voluntarily provided by phone, email, or postal mail. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via email.• See what data we have about you, if any.• Change/correct any data we have about you.• Have us delete any data we have about you.• Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. If you submit sensitive information, your information is protected.
If in the future we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.
We protect all personal information we have about our viewers. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, phone numbers, email or postal address changes) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Cookies
We use “cookies” on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
Some of our business partners may use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers). However, we have no access to or control over these cookies.
Updates
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page. If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via email.