http://panchobarnes.com/privacy-notice/
Home
About
Photos
Pancho TV
Blog
Contact Us
Privacy Notice
When you visit the Pancho Barnes Web site to browse information it contains, you do so anonymously unless you choose to provide us information about yourself. If you do nothing during your visit but browse through the Web site—reading pages, or viewing photographs for example—we will gather and store certain information about your visit automatically. This information does not identify you personally. Information gathered automatically is used for, among other things, site management, compiling reports of usage statistics, and, in the case of suspected unauthorized activity, for law enforcement and possible criminal prosecution.
The following are representative of the types of information automatically collected and stored about your visit:
• the Internet domain and Internet Protocol (IP) address from which you access our Web site;
• the type of Internet browser and the operating system of the computer you use to access our site;
• the date and time you visit our site;
• the pages you visit on our site;
• if you linked to our Web site from another Web site, the address of that Web site;
• and, if you linked to our Web site from a search Web site, the address of that Web site and the search term you used.
If you send us an e-mail using our Contact Us form: Except as otherwise indicated, if you choose to submit a question or comment using our online form and provide us your name and e-mail or postal address, we will use that information only to respond to your question or comment.
• We will not share your name, e-mail, or postal address with any third party, other than as described below in
our Security Notice.
• We will not create individual profiles with the information that you have provided.
• Under no circumstances will we give your name, e-mail, or postal address to any private organization, commercial or otherwise.
If you choose to offer information or assistance to Pancho Barnes in the pursuit of its mission by using our online form, we will make appropriate inquiries to determine the accuracy of your information. In addition, we may share the information you provide with other appropriate entities to enable Pancho Barnes to carry out its legally authorized responsibilities. By providing information or assistance to Pancho Barnes through our online form, you expressly consent to our use of whatever information you provide via our Web site.
Security Notice
This system and related software and equipment are intended solely for the communication, transmission, processing, and storage of information. For site security purposes and to ensure that this Web site remains available to all users, Pancho Barnes monitors network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information or to otherwise cause damage to the site. Anyone using this Web site expressly consents to such monitoring.
Unauthorized attempts to modify any information stored on this system, to defeat or circumvent security features, or to utilize this system for other than its intended purposes are prohibited and may result in criminal prosecution.
If monitoring reveals evidence of possible criminal activity, such evidence may be provided to law enforcement personnel. In addition, if you send us information about a threat or comments that or might constitute a threat, or your comments contain information about criminal activities, we may provide that and associated information to law enforcement and/or other appropriate authorities.
Search
Categories
About Pancho
On TV Currently
Pancho Barnes Archive
Pancho Barnes Documentary
Pancho's Famous Friends
The Lowe Family
Uncategorized
Links
Happy Bottom Riding Club
George Hurrell
About
Contact Us
Privacy Notice