http://perimeterinstitute.ca/site/terms-conditions-website-usage
Jump to Navigation
Careers
EN
FR
A A
SIGN-UP for PI EMAILS
About
Research
Training
Outreach
People
Events
Video Library
News
Support PI
Search form
Search
Home » Site » Terms of Use
Site Map
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
Terms of Use
Feedback
Français
Mailing List
Search
COVID-19 Frequently Asked Questions
Information update on Coronavirus (COVID-19)
Terms of Use
Welcome to our website. If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern Perimeter Institute's relationship with you in relation to this website. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use our website.
The term 'Perimeter Institute' or 'Institute' or 'us' or 'we' refers to the owner of the website whose registered office is 31 Caroline Street North, Waterloo, ON N2L 2Y5. The term 'you' refers to the user or viewer of our website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
This website does not collect personal information with cookies
If you sign up for any of Perimeter Institute's products, or "Connect with Us" with the Institute's RRS Feeds and request information from Perimeter using your personal information, this information is governed and protect by Perimeter Institute's Privacy Policy.
Although Perimeter Institute takes measures to provide the most accurate information, neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
All trade marks reproduced in this website which are not the property of, or licensed to, the operator are acknowledged on the website.
Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
From time to time this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of Ontario and Canada.
Share This PageShare this on TwitterShare on FacebookPublish this post to LinkedInSubmit this post on reddit.com
©2012 Perimeter Institute for Theoretical Physics
Site Map ·
Privacy Policy ·
Terms of Use ·
Contact Us ·
Send Feedback ·
Careers ·
Accessibility