https://personalitymax.com/privacy-policy/#ccpa
Skip to content Home / Privacy PolicyThe Personality Max Web site (referenced as “Personality Max”) is owned and operated by Level Up Technology AG. The Personality Max Web site address is https://personalitymax.com. Personality Max has created this privacy policy statement in order to demonstrate its firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for Personality Max.Information Automatically LoggedInformation including, but not limited to, a user’s IP address, browser information, operating system, pages visited and referring pages are logged for internal statistical use, to help diagnose problems, provide user support, prevent and address abuse and to improve the overall quality of our Web site.Information VolunteeredUsers must be at least 18 years old to use Personality Max or to submit personal information to Personality Max.We collect information volunteered by users including, but not limited to, name, test question answers and information provided for report personalization. A user is not required to provide their name to see their test results. A user’s name and test results are made available to the public via their report page immediately upon submission. Users can keep their report page private by not sharing its URL. Test results are not stored in our database. A user’s report page is generated dynamically based on data in its URL. A user’s name, when provided, is stored in our database and associated with a “name key”. Using a key in place of a user’s actual name in the report page URL helps prevent names from being passed to third party services like Google Analytics and Google AdSense via a report page URL. We direct search engines not to index report pages.When taking a test on our site, you may be asked to enter your name. You may, however, visit our site anonymously. Any data we request that is not required will be specified as voluntary or optional. We collect the e-mail addresses of users who communicate with us via e-mail in order to facilitate reply messages. Any email marketing will be done via an opt-in mailing list.We will not sell or distribute personal information, including e-mail addresses, to another party unless required by law. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our Web site, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety. Non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.The information we collect is used to display test results, personalize user experience, generate personalized products (including result reports), contact users and improve the quality of our Web site, customer service, products and services. Non-personally identifying user information including, but not limited to, test results, length of test and demographic information may be used by Personality Max for research, marketing and informational purposes.SecurityWe use industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving consumer data exchanged with our Web site. There are appropriate security measures in place in the physical facilities which host and manage this site in order to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from users of Personality Max.All supplied sensitive information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology. We do not store payment information.Cookies and AdvertisersCookies are small files that a Web site or its service provider transfers to your computer through your web browser (if allowed by a user’s chosen browser settings) that enables sites or service providers to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. We use cookies to record session information and to record user-specific information including, but not limited to, pages users access. We use cookies to track referring Web sites and advertising campaign leads/conversions.Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads on Personality Max based on a user’s prior visits to our website or other websites. Google’s use of advertising cookies enables it and its partners to serve ads based on a user’s visit to our site and/or other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of personalized advertising by visiting Google Ads Settings. To learn more about how Google personalizes ads, visit https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites.Third-party vendors and ad networks may serve ads on Personality Max via Google. Visit aboutads.info for information about opting out of Google and third-party vendors’ uses of cookies for personalized advertising.AnalyticsPersonality Max uses Google Analytics to collect and analyze Web site traffic. Read Google’s Privacy Policy to understand how Analytics works with regard to your Web site visits. You may Opt Out of Google Analytics or reject cookies from Google with your browser settings.External LinksPersonality Max contains links to other sites. Personality Max is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites. Users should access all external sites at their own risk.Data Access/QualityUpon request, we provide users of this Web site with access to all information that we maintain about them, communications that the user has directed to our site (e.g., e-mails, inquiries) and contact information (e.g., e-mail address, name, etc.) that we maintain about them. Persons can access this information by sending an email to us. Upon request, we offer everyone the ability to have inaccuracies in their information corrected or removed.California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA); Do Not Sell My InformationLevel Up Technology AG is a Switzerland-based company with website visitors residing in California. We value personal privacy and work hard to uphold the rights of California residents with regard to consumer data privacy. California residents have the right to notice, access, opt-out, request deletion and equal services and prices. California residents may contact us to request a personal data report, deletion of data and to opt-out under the CCPA.Personality Max itself does not sell personal information. We display advertisements via Google AdSense. We use Google’s “restrict data processing” option for AdSense to protect the privacy of California residents. This option causes Google to restrict how it uses certain unique identifiers and other data that may be considered part of a “sale” by the CCPA. Google will only show non-personalized ads to eligible users in California on the Personality Max website. Non-personalized ads are based on contextual information such as the content of the Personality Max website.California Online Privacy Protection Act ComplianceBecause we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent. As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our site may make any changes to their information at any time by contacting us.Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act ComplianceWe are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our Web site, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 18 years old.CAN-SPAM ComplianceWe have taken the necessary steps to ensure that we are compliant with the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003 by never sending out misleading information.Online Privacy Policy OnlyThis online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our Web site and related services and not to information collected offline.Terms and ConditionsPlease also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of Personality Max.Your ConsentBy using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.Changes to our Privacy PolicyIf we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below. It the user’s responsibility to be aware of the current privacy policy of this Web site.Last Update: February 11, 2020If you have any questions about this privacy policy statement, the practices of this Web site, your dealings with this Web site, or if you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us using the information below.Email Addresscontact@personalitymax.comMailing AddressLevel Up Technology AG Dorfstrasse 38 6340 Baar – Switzerland © 2020 Level Up Technology AG