https://philadelphiazoo.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to Main Content
Skip to Footer
Frequently Searched Terms
Zoo Map
Hours, Directions & Parking
Privacy Policy
The Philadelphia Zoo website (www.philadelphiazoo.org) and all related domains directed to this site are owned, operated and maintained by the Zoological Society of Philadelphia. The Philadelphia Zoo recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of our web users. Except as discussed herein and when specifically and knowingly provided by the user, the Philadelphia Zoo collects no personally identifying information about individuals. This Privacy Policy applies only to our information collection and use for visitors over the age of 13. Our Children’s Privacy Policy describes our information collection, use, and disclosure practices for visitors under the ages 13.
Information Collection
The Philadelphia Zoo only collects following types of personally identifying and non-personal information which is necessary for our legitimate business purposes, and the Philadelphia Zoo will maintain appropriate safeguards to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of the information. The Philadelphia Zoo is the sole owner of the information collected on our website.
Non-Personal Information
Certain non-personal information about site visits is recorded by the standard operation of the Internet servers on which this website is hosted. The non-personal information that we collect is as follows:
Cookies
As a method of tracking the use of our website and to enable certain technical operations, the Philadelphia Zoo utilizes the web technology known as cookies. A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s computer tied to information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site.
Log Files
Like many standard website servers, our web servers use log files. Log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp and number of clicks. Log files are used to analyze trends, administer the site, track aggregated users’ movement and gather broad demographic information. IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Personal Information Collection and Use
Personal information may be collected and used for various forms/surveys and contests at the Philadelphia Zoo.
Forms
The Philadelphia Zoo requests information from the user on our order and contribution forms. A user must provide contact information (such as name, email and billing address) and financial information (such as credit card number and expiration date). This information is securely sent to third party vendors with whom the Philadelphia Zoo has contracts to process payments and/or to fill customers’ orders. The third party vendors may not use users’ personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes. If we have trouble processing an order, the information may also be used to contact the user.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our site may request information from users via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary. The user, therefore, has a choice whether or not to disclose this information. The requested information typically includes contact information (such as name and shipping address) and demographic information (such as zip code). Contact information will be used or shared with the contest or survey sponsors (if applicable) to notify the winners and award prizes. Anonymous survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of the Zoo and our website. The Philadelphia Zoo may use athird party to conduct these surveys or contests. These third parties may not use users’ personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
Other Information Use
Other than the uses described above, We do not share personal information with anyone other than those who provide support for the internal operations of the Web site and our agents (e.g., contractors who provide fulfillment services or technical support to the Web site).
When necessary, however, will we transfer or otherwise disclose personal information in response to judicial process, to comply with legal requirements, and, as permitted under provisions of law, to provide information to law enforcement agencies or in connection with an investigation on a matter related to public safety.
Children’s Privacy Policy
The Philadelphia Zoo has a Children’s Privacy Policy which describes our information collection, use, and disclosure practices for visitors under the ages 13. That policy can be reviewed here.
Spam
We do not knowingly participate in “spamming” activities of any kind, and we work with clients and business partners whom we believe have similar anti-spamming policies.
Security
The Philadelphia Zoo’s website takes precautions to protect users’ information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, their information is protected both online and off-line. When our order and contributions forms ask users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the encryption software, SSL. While on a secure page, such as our order form, you will notice that the lock icon on the bottom of the web browser becomes locked. This lock reflects that you are visiting a secure page, as opposed to un-locked icon which can be seen when users are just “surfing”.
Communications from the Site
Newsletters
If a user wishes to subscribe to our e-newsletter, we ask for contact information, such as name and email address. We provide a way to opt-out of these communications out of respect for users’ privacy. Please see the Choice/Opt-out section below.
Special Offers and Updates
Users who have provided contact information may occasionally receive e-newsletters and email updates on Zoo activities as well as information on membership, contributions, special offers, giveaways and promotions. In order to respect users’ privacy, we present the option to decline these types of communications. Please see the Choice/Opt-out section below.
Choice/Opt-Out
Users are given the opportunity to opt-out of having their information used for purposes not directly related to our site. Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletters, Zoo updates and/or promotional materials may opt-out of receiving these communications by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of every email communication. You can also opt-out by emailing us at webkeeper@phillyzoo.org using “unsubscribe” in the subject line.
Links to Third Party Websites
Our website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that the Philadelphia Zoo is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites or the policies, content, and practices of other web sites. To the extent you visit a third-party sites accessible through this website, we encourage you to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information as those third-party privacy practices govern the collection and use of information provided when visiting those sites. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by the Philadelphia Zoo’s website.
Changes to this Privacy Statement
On occasion, it may be necessary for us to change the terms of this Privacy Policy. We will do so by posting updated text on this site, and your continued use constitutes acceptance of those changes. To ensure that you are aware of current privacy practices, we recommend that you check this site periodically. We will not materially change how we handle previously collected information without providing notice and an opportunity to choose how we use that information.
Contact Information
If you have any questions, comments or concerns regarding our privacy policy and/or practices, please contact us at the following mailing address or telephone number:
Phone: 215-243-1100
Fax: 215-243-5385
Email: webkeeper@phillyzoo.org
Postal Address: 3400 West Girard Avenue, Philadelphia, PA 19104-1196, USA