https://phys.org/news/2020-09-pandemic-world-policies-compound-pain.html
Nanotechnology
Physics
Earth
Astronomy & Space
Technology
Chemistry
Biology
Other Sciences
share this!
2
Twit
Share
Email
Home
Other Sciences
Social Sciences
Home
Other Sciences
Economics & Business
September 24, 2020
It's a man's (pandemic) world: How policies compound the pain for women in the age of COVID-19
by Chris Wallace,
The Conversation
Credit: Wes Mountain/The Conversation, CC BY-ND
COVID-19 times have brought sober realizations about deep shifts in Australian society. Encroaching steadily over the past half-century, these have been largely submerged from daily view, until now.
Decades of cumulative attacks on the public sector have made privatization and contracting out an unthinking government reflex. This includes areas the pandemic has revealed as highly unsuitable, including aged care and quarantine security.
Workplace deregulation has gone hand in hand with an enormous rise in casualisation. The pandemic has highlighted how many workers stitch together jobs at multiple workplaces to earn enough to survive, multiplying the chances of community COVID-19 transmission.
Denied the paid sick leave enjoyed by people in permanent jobs, casuals have to keep working, healthy or not. Precarity has turned out to be flexibility's flipside, with unequivocally bad consequences for public health.
Women are more affected
The pandemic's gendered impact has been especially stark. Under pressure, dynamics many people thought were in deep retreat visibly sprang back into action.
More likely to occupy low-paid, precarious jobs than men, women suffered first and disproportionately from pandemic job losses.
During lockdown, domestic violence—mostly committed by men against women—has spiked, and is even more difficult to escape than usual.
Women perform the vast share of lockdown-driven homeschooling, compounding their pre-pandemic burden of an unfairly large share of domestic labor generally.
The Morrison government provided free childcare early in the emergency, giving many families their first experience of relief from worry around this fraught aspect of family life. But it was snatched away again in the government's first act of pandemic policy rollback. This doubly impacted on women as workers as well as parents, given the overwhelming bulk of childcare employees are female.
In contrast, many businesses received massive handouts with, it emerged later, highly variable flow-on to the workers the handouts were supposed to keep in their jobs. With little accountability attached to the government assistance, some employers were accused of outright rorting it. The contrast with tight accountability provisions attached to government welfare for individuals who need help is stark.
Further, the Morrison government's positive job initiatives, such as they are, favor men, with job-creation plans focused on male-dominated industries.
Good morning, ma'am, is your husband home?
That this approach is based on, and reinforces, the idea of men as primary breadwinners is barely disguised. This is despite the fact women can be—and are in large numbers—primary breadwinners too and deserve the same opportunities.
Even the government's tax cut bring-forward mooted for the October budget is heavily gendered: men are set to get more than twice the benefit women receive on average from the tax cuts, according to Australia Institute modeling.
One unequivocal boon of the pandemic has been the widespread, high-quality analysis and reporting of its gendered impacts.
Equally striking has been the expectation among many of these analyses' authors that their findings would make the Morrison government change course, on the assumption that either the government did not realize its policies' gendered impacts or because it would be shamed into adjusting them once these were revealed.
If you want to understand a government's priorities, look at where it puts its money. The Morrison government is not just indifferent to the gendered impacts of COVID-19. The pattern of its pandemic policy decision-making suggests an active if not explicit "men first, women and children second" approach.
This is disappointing but not unexpected, given the male dominance of the Liberal and National parties' federal parliamentary ranks: 73.2% of Morrison government MPs are men. Let that sink in for a moment. Only one in four federal Coalition MPs is a woman.
Around the Morrison government cabinet table the picture is the same: 73.9% of LNP cabinet ministers are men. There are just six women in the 23-person cabinet.
In the House of Representatives, from which the prime minister is drawn and where policy must initially be fought for and won to have the chance of being turned into law, 80% of Morrison government MPs are men. Again, it is worth pausing to reflect on this: four out of every five lower house LNP politicians is a man.
A 'men first' approach to the pandemic
It is not such a surprise, then, that the government pursues "men first" policies.
While some—perhaps many—LNP women may support this stance, a reasonable assumption is that fairer shares of parliamentary LNP seats for women would redress this skewed approach at least somewhat.
Anyone supporting fair shares for men and women in life's burdens and benefits would surely support fair shares for men and women in terms of parliamentary power.
The Australian Labor Party long ago faced up to and solved this problem with an initially controversial, now unremarked upon, preselection quota system for winnable seats.
Today men and women are almost equally represented in the federal Labor caucus: a bare majority (52.1%) of federal Labor MPs are men.
In contrast, the Liberal Party in 2016 adopted a ten-year plan without quotas to increase its female representation in federal parliament. It has visibly failed.
The problem has been compounded by the retirement from politics of senior female Liberal ministers like Julie Bishop and Kelly O'Dwyer at the 2019 election, as well as the loss of emerging talent such as businesswoman Julia Banks who resigned from the party in disgust at its sexist culture.
More than just numbers
Longtime activist for women in politics, Ruth McGowan, says the extra pressures arising from the pandemic could well discourage women who might otherwise have considered a run from doing so. Women's burgeoning domestic labor burden during the pandemic is likely to literally keep women in the home and away from the House of Representatives, McGowan suggests. To the extent this could further depress women's share of Coalition seats in parliament, this is very bad news.
A senior cabinet member, Environment Minister Sussan Ley, last year called on the Liberal Party to introduce quotas for women. Her cabinet colleague, Foreign Affairs Minister Marise Payne, said "all options [should be] on the table", adding she was as yet undecided about quotas. Others, such as Victorian Liberal senator Jane Hume, support a "Liberal alternative" to quotas to address the party's skewed representation.
The gendered nature and impact of the Morrison government's pandemic policy responses makes the domination of men within the coalition cabinet and party room a matter of national significance.
The Liberal and National parties' preselection processes are broken and need fixing. The fact that only one in four coalition MPs in the Morrison government's cabinet and party room is a woman is proof.
Until the structural sexism
within the Liberal and National parties' ranks is fixed, the Coalition's "men first" policies will likely continue.
Women and children need the Morrison government's "senior six" female cabinet ministers to person up and get their parties to adopt quotas for women in winnable Liberal and National party seats. It's the only thing proven to work and it's way past time the problem was fixed.
Explore further
Women doing more childcare under lockdown but men more likely to feel their jobs are suffering
Provided by
The Conversation
This article is republished from The Conversation under a Creative Commons license. Read the original article.
Citation:
It's a man's (pandemic) world: How policies compound the pain for women in the age of COVID-19 (2020, September 24)
retrieved 11 December 2020
from https://phys.org/news/2020-09-pandemic-world-policies-compound-pain.html
This document is subject to copyright. Apart from any fair dealing for the purpose of private study or research, no
part may be reproduced without the written permission. The content is provided for information purposes only.
2 shares
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Feedback to editors
Featured
Last Comments
Popular
Network isotopy: A framework to study the 3-D layouts of physical networks
15 hours ago
1
Weathered microplastics found to be more easily absorbed by mouse cells than pristine microplastics
16 hours ago
1
Accessing the arches of chaos in the solar system for fast transport
Dec 09, 2020
1
Contagious form of cancer drives Tasmanian devils to become antisocial
Dec 09, 2020
0
Open cluster NGC 188 explored with AstroSat
Dec 09, 2020
0
COVID lockdown causes record drop in CO2 emissions for 2020
6 hours ago
Artificial Chemist 2.0: Quantum dot R&D in less than an hour
9 hours ago
Roadmap offers solutions for future of food, global ag innovation
9 hours ago
Nanocylinder vibrations help quantify polymer curing for 3-D printing
9 hours ago
How commercial vessels could become tsunami early-warning systems
9 hours ago
A genetic shortcut to help visualize proteins at work
9 hours ago
Researchers shed new light on mysteries behind the light emission of fireflies
9 hours ago
Relevant PhysicsForums posts
Question About Electric Aircraft Propulsion
Aug 01, 2019
A few questions about Potential Energy
Aug 01, 2019
Test a cheap Surge Protector Power Strip (US 110V)?
Aug 01, 2019
What do they mean when they say something is so many light years away
Aug 01, 2019
Is the concept of "wave function collapse" obsolete?
Aug 01, 2019
Graduate Quantum as an Undergrad
Aug 01, 2019
More from Physics Forums | Science Articles, Homework Help, Discussion
Related Stories
Women doing more childcare under lockdown but men more likely to feel their jobs are suffering
Jul 01, 2020
The moms are not alright: How coronavirus pandemic policies penalize mothers
Sep 04, 2020
Q&A: Sociologist discusses why women's careers have suffered more than men's during the pandemic
Jul 31, 2020
After years of debate Australia scraps 'tampon tax'
Oct 03, 2018
Women's burden increases in COVID-19 era
Jul 21, 2020
Australia ramps up cyber spending after state-backed attacks
Jun 30, 2020
Recommended for you
How you measure happiness depends on where you live
Dec 09, 2020
Undocumented immigrants far less likely to commit crimes in U.S. than citizens: study
Dec 07, 2020
Seizing military weapons does not increase violent crime nor risk police safety
Dec 07, 2020
Newly discovered ancient villages laid out like a clock face are further proof of human impact on the Amazon
Dec 07, 2020
Cereal, olive and vine pollen reveal market integration in Ancient Greece
Nov 30, 2020
Forming beliefs in a world of filter bubbles
Nov 25, 2020
User comments
What do you think about this particular story?
Your feedback will go directly to Science X editors.
Your message to the editors
Your
email
(only if you want to be contacted back)
Send Feedback
Thank you for taking your time to send in your valued opinion to Science X editors.
You can be assured our editors closely monitor every feedback sent and will take appropriate actions. Your opinions are important to us.
We do not guarantee individual replies due to extremely high volume of correspondence.
E-mail the story
It's a man's (pandemic) world: How policies compound the pain for women in the age of COVID-19
Your friend's email
Your email
I would like to subscribe to Science X Newsletter. Learn more
Your name
Note
Your email address is used only to let the recipient know who sent the email. Neither your address nor the recipient's address will be used for any other purpose.
The information you enter will appear in your e-mail message and is not retained by Phys.org in any form.
Your message
Send
Newsletter sign up
Get weekly and/or daily updates delivered to your inbox.
You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details to third parties.
Subscribe
More information
Privacy policy
Your Privacy
This site uses cookies to assist with navigation, analyse your use of our services, and provide content from third parties.
By using our site, you acknowledge that you have read and understand our Privacy Policy
and Terms of Use.
Ok
More Information
E-mail newsletter
Subscribe
Follow us