https://pointmap.com/our-privacy-policy/
FAQs
Contact Us
Careers
POINTMAP.COM WEBSITE PRIVACY POLICY
Protecting your privacy is important to Pointmap CAD & GIS Services, Incorporated. (“POINTMAP”, “we”, “us” and “our”). We hope the following policy will help you understand how POINTMAP collects, uses, and safeguards the personal information you provide and we receive about you from your use of the pointmap.com website (the “Site”). By using, browsing, or accessing the Site, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Your visit to the Site and any dispute over privacy is subject to the Terms of Use, including limitations on damages and application of the law of the State of Minnesota. Use of this Site is strictly voluntary. If you do not agree to the Site’s Privacy Policy and Terms of Use, you must immediate log off the Site and may not use the Site.
Your Consent
BY SUBMITTING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION TO US, YOU ARE CONSENTING TO THE COLLECTION AND PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION IN THE UNITED STATES AND TO OUR USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION AND ANY RELATED INFORMATION IN THE MANNER DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU ARE SUBMITTING PERSONAL INFORMATION OF THIRD PARTIES TO US, YOU WARRANT AND REPRESENT YOU HAVE THEIR CONSENT TO PROVIDE THEIR PERSONAL INFORMATION TO US AND YOU WILL INDEMNIFY US AND HOLD US HARMLESS FROM AND AGAINST CLAIMS BY SUCH INDIVIDUALS RELATING TO OUR PROCESSING AND USE OF SUCH PERSONAL INFORMATION WITHIN THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
In general, you can browse this Site without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. However, we collect your computer’s or mobile device’s IP address, which you necessarily disclose when you visit the Site, so that data (such as the web pages you request) can be sent to your computer or device. The Site utilizes “cookies,” which are text files placed on your computer that web pages on the Site may use to store data on your computer or send data to our web server. We may use cookie data to “recognize” you when you visit the Site in the future, to troubleshoot how the Site operates, and for internal analysis of how people use the Site. Should you decide not to accept cookies from the Site, you will limit the functionality we can provide when you visit and use the Site. We may use standard Internet technology, such as web beacons and other similar technologies, to track your use of the Site.
When you engage in certain activities on the Site, such as signing up to receive our newsletter, applying for jobs on the Site, or providing feedback on the Site, we may ask you to provide personal and other information. In order to engage in such activities you will be required to provide information that lets us know the specifics of who you are, such as your first name, last name, mailing address, zip code, e-mail address, and other information. It is optional for you to engage in these activities. Depending upon the activity, some of the information we ask you to provide is identified as mandatory and some is voluntary. If you do not provide the mandatory data with respect to a particular activity, you will not be able to engage in that activity or you limit your ability to use all or a portion of the Site.
THE WAY WE USE INFORMATION COLLECTED ON THIS SITE
We may use your IP address to, among other things: (a) help diagnose problems with the Site, administer and improve the Site, and measure the use of the Site; (b) identify the type of web browsers used, the pages viewed, the web sites from which a visitor found this Site, and the search terms and search engines used to find this Site; and (c) gather other web analytics information relating to visitors’ use and navigation of the Site. This information does not identify you personally. On occasion we may aggregate this data with data on the pages visited by other users to track overall visitor traffic patterns and provide this aggregate information to vendors, business partners, affiliates or other parties.
The information we obtain using standard Internet technology, such as web beacons and other similar technologies, enables us to customize the services we offer visitors to our Site, to deliver targeted content and advertisements, and to measure the overall effectiveness of our online content, advertising, programming or other activities.
We may use your personal information for particular activities, including, without limitation, customer service, job candidate evaluation, marketing and research, developing and displaying content and advertising tailored to your interests, providing service, promotional and other information to you, and to contact you regarding administrative notices. We may share this information with distributors, marketing partners, advertisers, and other parties with whom we collaborate.
We may always use the information you provide in an anonymous or aggregated format that does not identify you personally, which uses might include, without limitation, to evaluate existing products, services, and systems; to assist in the development of new products or services; research; advertising; and to identify trends and changes.
We may disclose personal information in any of the following circumstances: (a) in response to a subpoena, search warrant, court order, or other legal process or request, or as may otherwise be required by law, rule, or regulation; (b) to protect and defend our rights or property or those of its affiliates or business partners, or others; or (c) as we, in our sole discretion, believe is appropriate under exigent circumstances in response to a perceived threat to the personal safety, property, or rights of any person or organization.
In addition, since our database is a business asset, in the event we are reorganized or become part of another organization, you consent to the sale, assignment, or transfer of your personal information to a successor that acquires substantially all of our business assets, or to an affiliate, as applicable.
OUR RELATIONSHIP TO OTHER WEBSITES
This Site may contain links to other websites. If you visit one of these other websites, we encourage you to review the privacy policy on that website.
We may have functionality on the Site that is provided, in whole or in part, by a third party service provider. You can usually identify such third party functionality by the use of a trademark not owned by us on or near the functionality. In that case, when you use the functionality, you become subject to the terms of use and privacy policy of this third party in addition to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use of our Site. In some cases, you may need to visit that party’s web site and locate the terms of use and privacy policy.
SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We take what we believe to be reasonable precautions and have implemented certain safeguards to protect the security of data and personal information. However, we cannot guarantee against any loss, misuse, unauthorized disclosure, or alteration or destruction of data or personal information. While we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to or from this Site, by email or otherwise, and you provide such information at your own risk. You acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations in computer systems and on the Internet which are beyond our control; (b) the security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through the Site, including personal information, cannot be guaranteed; and (c) any such information and data may be viewed or tampered with by a third party while such information or data is being used, transmitted, processed, or stored.
CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to revise this Privacy Policy, in whole or in part, at any time without notice to you. You expressly waive any right to receive notice of any revisions to this Privacy Policy. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy regularly in your use of the Site to ensure you are aware of current practices. Any use of the Site shall constitute your acceptance of all changes at anytime.
CONTACT
For questions or comments related to the Site or this Privacy Policy, please email us at info@pointmap.com.
Last updated: December 15, 2017
Contact us to determine if Pointmap can help with the CAD & GIS portion of your project: info@pointmap.com | 651-481- 6980 | or Fill Out this form