http://portal.acs.org/content/acs/en/education/policies.html
×
Your browser is looking a little out of date...
To get the best possible experience using our website, we recommend that you upgrade to latest version of this browser or install another web browser. See our Browser Support/Compatibility page for supported browsers list.
Don't show this again!
Skip to Main Content
ACS
Publications
C&EN
CAS
< Back
Meetings & Events
Meetings & Events
Network with colleagues and access the latest research in your field
ACS Meetings & Expositions
Regional Meetings
Green Chemistry Conferences
Events Calendar
Future National Meetings
Submit an Abstract
Leadership Development
Professional Education
ACS Webinars
View all Meetings & Events
ACS Professional Education
Advance your career with professional development courses. Now offered virtually.
Careers
Careers
Launch and grow your career with career services and resources
Develop and grow in your career
Find and land a job
Explore career options
Find networking opportunities
Professional Communities
Career Events
View all Careers
Explore Career Options
Let ACS help you navigate your career journey with tools, personal coaching and networking.
Students & Educators
Students & Educators
Promoting excellence in science education and outreach
Educational Resources
For Students
For Educators
Explore Chemistry
Standards & Guidelines
Science Outreach
Books & Magazines
American Association of Chemistry Teachers
Courses for Educators
View all Students & Educators
Chemistry at Home
Explore chemistry education resources by topic that support distance learning.
Communities
Communities
Find a chemistry community of interest and connect on a local and global level.
Technical Divisions
Local Sections
Industry Resources
International Chapters
International Resources
Green Chemistry Roundtables
Senior Chemists
Student Chapters
High School Club
View all Communities
Technical Divisions
Collaborate with scientists in your field of chemistry and stay current in your area of specialization.
Discover Chemistry
Discover Chemistry
Explore the interesting world of science with articles, videos and more.
Science Articles
ACS Webinars
Green Chemistry
Safety
Science Podcasts
News Releases
Reactions Videos
Landmarks in Chemical History
Infographics
View all Discover Chemistry
Reactions: Chemistry Science Videos & Infographics
Uncover the Chemistry in Everyday Life
Awards
Awards
Recognizing and celebrating excellence in chemistry and celebrate your achievements
National Awards
Industry Awards
Technical Division Awards
Student Awards
Educator Awards
Travel Awards
Community Recognition
Regional Awards
Green Chemistry Awards
View all Awards
Diversity in Chemistry Awards
Find awards and scholarships advancing diversity in the chemical sciences.
Funding
Funding
Funding to support the advancement of the chemical sciences through research projects.
Petroleum Research Fund
Teva Pharmaceuticals
GCI Pharmaceutical Roundtable
Policy Fellowships
Irving S. Sigal Postdoc Fellowship
Community Recognition Grants
Herman Frasch Foundation
Educator Grants & Scholarships
Student Chapter Grants
View all Funding
ACS-Hach Programs
Learn about financial support for future and current high school chemistry teachers.
About ACS
Membership
Green Chemistry
Chemical & Laboratory Safety
Donate
Volunteer
Join ACS
ACS is committed to helping combat the global COVID-19 pandemic with initiatives and free resources. Learn More
It's time to renew your membership. Renew now?
Yes
No
Connect with the World's Largest Scientific Community
Collaborate and network with like-minded scientists near you and around the world
Learn More >
Discover more with ACS scientific resources
Explore the latest scientific advances and chemistry-related information to address global challenges
Learn more >
Advance your Career in the Global Economy
Find the resources and tools you need to succeed and thrive
Learn more >
Promote Excellence in Education
Share your passion for chemistry and support the next generation of chemists
Learn more >
Announcements:
ACS statement on presidential proclamations limiting immigration
As one of the world’s largest scientific societies, the American Chemical Society (ACS) expresses its concern with the June 22 presidential proclamation. Read more about the ACS statement here.
2019 Highlights of ACS Achievements
During 2019, ACS was able to build on the momentum from 2018, and to accelerate the rate of progress. Read more about our 2019 achievements here (PDF).
ACS takes your privacy seriously
ACS is committed to protecting your personal information. Our updated privacy policy reflects our efforts to comply with the new European General Data Protection Regulations which details what information we collect from you, how we use it, and what we do to safeguard it.
EXPLORE ACS
I want to
MOLECULE
OF THE WEEK
Count to three and you’ll remember my name.
What molecule am I?
View Archive
Improve the world through the transforming power of chemistry
We are strength in numbers, advancing the broader chemistry enterprise and its practitioners for the benefit of Earth and its people.
Join ACS    Make a Difference
Improve the world through the transforming power of chemistry
We are strength in numbers, advancing the broader chemistry enterprise and its practitioners for the benefit of Earth and its people.
Join ACS    Make a Difference
Improve the world through the transforming power of chemistry
We are strength in numbers, advancing the broader chemistry enterprise and its practitioners for the benefit of Earth and its people.
Donate    Make a Difference
Improve the world through the transforming power of chemistry
We are strength in numbers, advancing the broader chemistry enterprise and its practitioners for the benefit of Earth and its people.
Donate    Make a Difference
Improve the world through the transforming power of chemistry
We are strength in numbers, advancing the broader chemistry enterprise and its practitioners for the benefit of Earth and its people.
Renew Your Membership    Make a Difference
Your Success is Our Success
“I have enjoyed working on research on nanomaterials for clean energy applications and publishing our efforts in top quality ACS journals.”
I am really grateful to be involved in an organization that truly supports its members in pursuing their professional goals.
Read Personal Stories
Homepage Up 123
GET TO KNOW US
About ACS
Press Room
Jobs at ACS
Governance
ACS Store
JOIN US
Join ACS
Renew Membership
Member Benefits
Member-Get-a-Member
GET INVOLVED
Donate
Volunteer
ACS Network
Follow Us
1155 Sixteenth Street, NW, Washington, DC 20036, USA | service@acs.org | 1-800-333-9511 (US and Canada) | 614-447-3776 (outside North America)
Top ^
Terms of Use
Security
Privacy
Accessibility
Site Map
Contact
Help
Copyright © 2020 American Chemical Society
Still there, or gone to get coffee???
For your security, this online session is about to end due to inactivity.
If you do not respond, everything you entered on this page will be lost and you will have to login again.
Time remaining: 00:00
I'm not done yet!