https://powersimtech.com/privacy/
Products
PSIM
SPICE
Motor Drive
Digital Control
SimCoupler
Renewable Energy
Thermal
Motor Control Design Suite
HEV Design Suite
SimCoder
F2802x Target
F2803x Target
F2806x Target
F2833x Target
F2837x Target
F28004x Target
Processor-in-Loop (PIL)
ModCoupler
MagCoupler
MagCoupler-RT
PsimBook
DSIM
SmartCtrl Pro
DSP Hardware
PE-Expert4 Hardware
Application Models
Academia
Educational Licensing
Free Teaching Licenses
Sponsorships
SAE
American Solar Challenge
PSIM Support
Community Forum
Resources
Request Support
Try PSIM Today
How To Buy
Powersim Inc is committed to protecting your online privacy while providing you with a useful and informative web experience. While you can use many features of powersimtech.com anonymously, you are required to provide some personal information to gain access to some premium content and services.
The types of personal information that we may collect include:
Name
Address
Phone number
Company name
Email address
Powersim Inc is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to any outside parties. Powersim Inc uses the information that we collect to set up or deliver services for our customers. We may also use this information to contact users to further discuss customer interest in our company or the products and services we offer.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purposes and are not shared with any outside parties, except in cases where an authorized agent communicates with you on our behalf.
With your approval, we occasionally will send email to notify you about important changes to the site, new products and services, and special offers from us. If you would rather not receive the email notifications, you can simply indicate that preference either when you fill out the contact form or contact us directly.
Links to third-party sites
This privacy statement applies solely to the information collected by our web site. Some pages on https://powersimtech.com/ may provide links to other sites as a convenience to you. Please keep in mind that when you click on those links that take you to third-party web sites, that you will be subject to their own privacy policies. While we support the protection of privacy on the internet, Powersim Inc cannot be responsible for the actions of third parties or their privacy practices. We encourage our users to read the privacy statements of each and every web site with which they interact.
How we use cookies:
Enables us to track and target interests of our users to enhance their experience and the content we deliver on our web site.
Gathering information for technical purposes.
Global usage tracking. We use Google Analytics and HubSpot as described below.
We use HubSpot so that we can better understand what you are interested in on our website. This software serves the legitimate interest of helping us personalize content and better serve you as a customer. HubSpot software monitors your activity on this website (HubSpot cookies do not track your movements beyond this site) completely anonymously until such time as you voluntarily supply our company with personal information such as your name or email address. Methods of providing contact information may include filling out a form or participating in our email or social marketing. This information is for our company’s use only, it is not used by HubSpot or their partner companies in any way except to serve our account. HubSpot will not sell/share/rent your information to any other HubSpot customers/clients, nor will they sell/share/rent your information to any third party. If you wish to opt-out of this tracking, please select DECLINE at the opt-in and opt-out message banner, in an email from us use the unsubscribe option at the bottom of the email, or contact us directly.