https://privacy.liebertpub.com/terms-and-conditions
Mary Ann Liebert, Inc., publishers Privacy Commitment
Home
Privacy Statement
Terms & Conditions
Cookie Policy
General Use Provisions
Personal Subscription Provisions
Links to Third Party Sites
General
Trademarks
Limitation of Liability
Legal Contact Information
Mary Ann Liebert, Inc. family of companies
Terms of Use
The Mary Ann Liebert, Inc. family of companies’ (“Mary Ann Liebert, Inc.”) websites (www.liebertpub.com, www.genengnews.com, www.clinicalomics.com, www.instituteforprofessionaled.org) are provided by Mary Ann Liebert, Inc. for informational purposes only. By using our family of websites, you agree to the Terms and Conditions set forth below.
Mary Ann Liebert, Inc. Websites Legal Terms
By accessing, using or downloading any materials from any Mary Ann Liebert, Inc. website, you agree to follow and be bound by these terms and conditions (the "Terms").
If you do not agree with these Terms, please do not use the websites.
General Use Provisions
All materials provided on the Mary Ann Liebert, Inc. websites, including but not limited to, information, documents, products, logos, graphics, sounds, images, software, and services ("Materials"), are provided either by Mary Ann Liebert, Inc. or by respective third-party manufacturers, authors, developers, and vendors ("Third-Party Providers") and are the copyrighted work of Mary Ann Liebert, Inc. and/or its Third-Party Providers.
Except as stated herein, none of the Materials may be copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, displayed, posted or transmitted in any form or by any means, including but not limited to electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or other means, without the prior express written permission from Mary Ann Liebert, Inc. or the Third-Party Provider. Also, you may not "mirror" any Materials contained on this website on any other server without Mary Ann Liebert, Inc.’s prior express written permission.
Mary Ann Liebert, Inc. hereby grants you permission to display, copy, distribute and download Materials on Mary Ann Liebert, Inc. websites provided that: (1) both the copyright notice identified below and this permission notice appear in the Materials; (2) the use of such Materials is solely for personal, non-commercial and informational use and will not be copied or posted on any networked computer, broadcast in any media, or used for commercial gain; and (3) the Materials are not modified in any way. This permission terminates automatically without notice if you breach any of these terms or conditions. Upon termination, you must immediately destroy any downloaded or printed Materials.
Any unauthorized use of any Materials contained on Mary Ann Liebert, Inc. websites may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.
Personal Subscription Provisions
Scope of License
This Agreement permits single-use access to those Journals for which the Subscribing Individual has paid for identified by the Subscribing Individual's User Name and Password. For Terms and Conditions for institutional subscriptions, visit our Librarian Resource Center.
Permitted Use
The Authorized Users are permitted online access to those journal issues to which it holds or held valid subscriptions, and may download, save, or print text, search results or other information solely for the private use of the Subscribing Individual.
Prohibitions on Certain Uses
Password-sharing is strictly prohibited.
Altering, recompiling, systematic or programmatic copying, reselling, redistributing, publishing or re-publishing the Journal content or any part thereof without explicit permission from the copyright holder is prohibited.
Systematic downloading, service bureau redistribution services, printing for "fee-for-service" purposes and/or the systematic making of electronic copies for transmission to non-subscribers are prohibited.
Downloading of Journals or parts of Journals to form a persistent local archive is prohibited.
Withdrawal of Journals or Parts of Journals
The Publisher reserves the right to withdraw from this Agreement any of the Journals or any part of any of the Journals in order to comply with any legal rule or court order, or if the Publisher is at risk of liability from the continued availability of the Journal or part of it.
Copyright
Copyright in the Publisher's Journals and their contents, including the abstracts, is vested in the Publisher, whose proprietary and publishing rights are protected under national and international law. The Subscribing Individual shall not have any proprietary right in any of the Journals by reason of their access to them.
Links to Third Party Sites
Mary Ann Liebert, Inc. websites may contain hyperlinks to third-party websites. Such hyperlinks are provided for reference by and convenience of website users. Mary Ann Liebert, Inc. is not responsible for the content on third-party websites. Our inclusion of hyperlinks on our websites does not imply endorsement of the linked websites or the companies that maintain them. It is your responsibility to take precautions to ensure that whatever you select for your use is free of viruses or other items of a destructive nature.
General
Mary Ann Liebert, Inc. websites may include inaccuracies or typographical errors. Mary Ann Liebert, Inc. and the Third-Party Providers may make improvements and/or changes in the products, services, programs, and prices described in this website at any time without notice. Mary Ann Liebert, Inc. may periodically make changes to Mary Ann Liebert, Inc. family of companies’ websites. These Terms represent the entire understanding relating to the use of the website and prevail over any prior or contemporaneous, conflicting or additional, communications. Mary Ann Liebert, Inc. has the right to revise these Terms at any time without notice by updating this posting. Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved by Mary Ann Liebert, Inc.
The views, opinions, findings, conclusions, and recommendations set forth in any article on any site maintained by Mary Ann Liebert, Inc. are solely those of the authors of those articles and do not necessarily reflect the views, policy, or position of Mary Ann Liebert, Inc., its family of companies, its Publisher, or its editorial staff and should not be attributed to any of them.
All advertisements are subject to review by the Publisher. The acceptance of advertisements does not constitute an endorsement of the product or service advertised.
Trademarks
The websites are the property of Mary Ann Liebert, Inc.
All rights reserved.
Any unauthorized reproduction or redistribution of the website is strictly prohibited. You must obtain permission before using any of our trademarks. Any other trademarks or logos appearing on our websites are the property of their respective owners.
Limitation of Liability
MARY ANN LIEBERT, INC. SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES SUFFERED AS A RESULT OF USING, MODIFYING, CONTRIBUTING, COPYING, DISTRIBUTING, OR DOWNLOADING THE MATERIALS OR INFORMATION DESCRIBED. YOU AGREE TO HOLD MARY ANN LIEBERT, INC. HARMLESS FROM, AND YOU COVENANT NOT TO SUE MARY ANN LIEBERT, INC. FOR, ANY CLAIMS BASED ON OR RELATED TO THE USE OF THE WEBSITE.
Mary Ann Liebert, Inc. reserves the right to make changes to its family of company websites without notice. Any changes to these Terms of Use will be effective when posted on this website.
Legal Contact Information
If you have any questions about these Terms, or if you would like to request permission to use any materials, please contact us at (914) 740-2100.
Privacy Statement
Learn how the Mary Ann Liebert, Inc. family of companies protects your personal information, upholds your rights, and helps you to exercise them.
View details »
Terms & Conditions of Use
Review what use is permitted for the Mary Ann Liebert, Inc. family of companies’ content and marks, and the conditions you accept when you choose to interact with our websites.
View details »
Cookie Policy
Discover how the Mary Ann Liebert, Inc. family of companies uses cookies and the data they collect.
View details »