http://projecteuclid.org/about/policies
About Project Euclid
News and events
Governance
Advisory Board
Project Euclid publishers
Policies
Privacy
Ways to support Project Euclid
Contact Project Euclid
About
/
Policies
Policies
Reasonable Use of Content Statement
Reasonable use of online journal and monograph content within Project Euclid allows users with appropriate access rights (see Collections, Titles, and Ordering Information) to view, download, save, and print full-text articles for personal use.
Regardless of an individual's access rights to content within this system, Project Euclid prohibits unreasonable use of any journal and monograph content. This prohibition applies to open access journals and monographs as well as content accessible only to subscribers. Unreasonable use includes but is not limited to (i) fee-for-service use of copies, (ii) the sale of copies, (iii) the systematic reproduction and distribution of copies to other persons, (iv) the bulk reproduction of content, including any systematic, automatic, or bulk downloads of full-text documents, or (v) the bulk distribution of copies to other persons.
Project Euclid reserves the right to deny access to any user who engages in unreasonable use of journal and monograph content.
If you believe you have been denied access because of this policy, and you wish access restored, please contact Project Euclid.
Users should also be aware that materials made available within Project Euclid are likely subject to additional restrictions placed on them by the copyright owner.
Accessibility
Project Euclid is committed to making its website available to as many users as possible, whichever platform or device they may be using. We are currently assessing our level of compliance with accepted accessibility guidelines. At a minimum, Project Euclid aims to achieve the "Double-A" standard of the W3C Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 1.0, as well as meet all the website accessibility guidelines of Section 508 of the US Rehabilitation Act (1194.22).
If you find something on our website that is not accessible, please contact Project Euclid and describe the problem.
Privacy
Project Euclid is committed to protecting your privacy. Please see our complete privacy policy.
Pay-Per-View
Some publishers sell individual articles on a pay-per-view basis. Where available, a user can click the "Buy Article" button on the article abstract page, provide credit card information, and receive access to
download the article once the payment is confirmed. Downloadable articles are non-refundable. If you do not receive your article after being charged, contact Project Euclid and we will supply you with an electronic copy of the article by email.
If you have any questions about pay-per-view, please contact Project Euclid.
Preservation
All Project Euclid content is stored on servers managed by Cornell University Information Technology. Servers are housed in a secure site, with command-line administrative access tightly locked down and heavily audited in access logs. All systems have rigorous automated monitoring and 24/7 active support. Server management includes daily backup snapshots of all data, using the backup and recovery service Cohesity. Backups are stored in two distinct buildings on the Cornell Ithaca campus, as well as a location in New York City. In 2020, cloud storage will also be added.
Project Euclid also provides technical support to those publishers who wish to participate with the preservation services CLOCKSS and Portico. Participation with these services requires an agreement with the copyright owner and is thus a decision of the publisher.
Best Practices
Project Euclid endorses the publishing recommendations developed by the International Mathematical Union's Committee for Electronic Information Communication (CEIC). Please see the latest recommendations on the CEIC website.
We also endorse the guidelines published by the Committee on Publication Ethics (COPE).
Project Euclid policy regarding retractions and errata
According to COPE’s Retraction Guidelines:
Retraction is a mechanism for correcting the literature and alerting readers to publications that contain such seriously flawed or erroneous data that their findings and conclusions cannot be relied upon. Unreliable data may result from honest error or from research misconduct.Retractions are also used to alert readers to cases of redundant publication (i.e. when authors present the same data in several publications), plagiarism, and failure to disclose a major competing interest likely to influence interpretations or recommendations.The main purpose of retractions is to correct the literature and ensure its integrity rather than to punish authors who misbehave.
Once an article has appeared on the Project Euclid website, it should remain publicly accessible. This is true not only for articles in regular journal issues but also articles or chapters published online only or in some form of ahead-of-print publication.
Please click here to download instructions for handling retractions on Project Euclid.
On Project Euclid, there are multiple tools available to publishers for displaying corrections or linking articles and their errata. The best approach can depend on context, so we suggest that publishers please contact Project Euclid if they need to issue a correction.
Top