https://proscientific.com/terms-and-conditions
Login
Register
0
Call us today! 203-267-4600
Menu
Login
Register
My Cart: 0 Items
($0.00)
Checkout
Rotor-Stator Homogenizers
Automated Homogenizers
Hettich Centrifuges
Essential Lab Products
About Us
Contact Us
Terms and Conditions
Avocado Homogenizing
Bead Mill Homogenizer vs PRO Homogenizer
Bench-scale high shear homogenizer for food and agricultural laboratories
Cannabis
Cardiac Tissue Homogenization
Choosing a homogenizer
Compounding Homogenizer
COVID19
Cryogenic Generators
Estuarine Research Homogenizers
Evolving Products in the Homogenizing Field
Frozen cold sample homogenizing
Generator Probe Lists
Generator Probe Maintenance
Green Homogenizing
High Shear Lab Homogenizers
High throughput homogenization
Homogenization of Biofuel Materials
Homogenization of raw animal proteins
Homogenize Vegetable Glycerin for E-Juice
Homogenizer
Homogenizer & Homogenizing Blog
Homogenizer Generator Probe Replacement Parts
Homogenizer Maintenance Page
Homogenizer Selection Guide
Homogenizer Tips
Homogenizers
Homogenizers
Homogenizing Package Kit Selection
Inexpensive Homogenizer Options
Multi-Gen Homogenizer Applications
Multi-Sample Homogenizer
PCR Homogenizer
Plant Homogenization
Potter-Elvehjem Grinding Chambers and Pestles vs. PRO Scientific Homogenizer
PRO Deflector Head Accessories for Homogenizer Generator Probes
PRO Homogenizers in Motion
PRO Homogenizers: General Laboratory Homogenizer
PRO Scientific Promotions
Product Literature
Questions you should ask when buying a homogenizer
Request a Quote
RNA DNA Homogenizer
Service Request
The field of homogenizing
Tissue Homogenizer
Tissue Homogenizer Protocol
Tissue Homogenizers
Two Step Homogenizing
What I'm Homogenizing A-K
What I'm Homogenizing L-R
What I'm Homogenizing S-Z
Homogenizer Applications
Homogenizer Support
Custom / OEM Solutions
Shop Products
Rotor-Stator Homogenizers
Homogenizer Package Kits
Micro-Sample Homogenizer Kits
Multi-Sample Homogenizer Kit
Tube Range Homogenizer Kits
Tube-to-Beaker Homogenizer Kits
Hand-Held Homogenizers
Digital Homogenizers
Benchtop Homogenizers
Digital Benchtop Homogenizers
Programmable Benchtop Homogenizers
Generator Probe List
Deflector Heads
Accessories - Stands & Holder
Gen. Probe Replacement Parts
Automated Homogenizers
Multi-Prep Rapid Homogenizer & Accessories - Probes & Racks
DPS-20 Dual Homogenizing System & Accessories
Hettich Centrifuges
Clinical Lab Centrifuges
Research Lab Centrifuges
Industrial Lab Centrifuges
Essential Lab Products
Autoclaves (Steam Sterilizers)
Beads, Bead Bucket & Trays
Beads
Bead Bucket & Trays
Lab Armor Baths
Cell & Colony Counters
Hotplates / Hotplate Stirrers
Lab Supplies / Consumables
Centrifuge Tubes
Bottles
Petri Dishes - TCT
Well Plates - TCT
Mixers, Rockers, Shakers
Mixers - Vortex, Wave, 3D Gyratory
Variable Speed Rockers
Various Lab Shakers
Laboratory Rotators
Overhead Stirrers
Pipettes & Accessories
Mechanical Volume Adjustment
Electronic Single Channel
Electronic 8 & 12 Multichannel
Macro Volume Single Channel
Pipette Tips
Reagent Reservoirs
Sonicators
Homogenizer Applications
Homogenizer Support
Custom / OEM Solutions
Home > Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Prices shown are current at time of publication. Where changes have occurred, prices prevailing at the time of shipment will apply. Prices are subject to change without notice.
Concerning all Online Purchases for non-PRO Scientific Products or Consumables:
Delivery and Shipping:
All shipping charges are prepaid and added to the invoice. All orders are shipped F.O.B. warehouse or point of manufacture. Shipping charges can be seen before checkout. Orders are usually shipped within 24 hours of receipt. We offer multiple shipping levels to provide the most efficient and economical options for you.  We are not responsible for items lost or damaged during shipment. Please inspect package carefully upon receipt and immediately make note of any damage or quantity/item discrepancies.  You must report the damage or discrepancies within 10 days of invoice date. After those 10 days, claims are null and avoid. However, all situation will be reviewed and outcomes can change at our discretion.
Return Goods Policy:
If you would like to return an unused item, please call 203-267-4600. All returns must include an Invoice number, include original packaging and be shipped prepaid. Unused Items older than 15 days, sterile, or special order items are subject to review.  If return is accepted, a 20% restocking fee applies. Customer shall be responsible for shipping charges on any returned or re-shipped merchandise. Used items may not be returned for credit.
Warranties and Liability:
We accept no responsibility and shall not be held liable for loss, damage, expense, consequential, or accidental damage. This includes the damage to property, person, or premises resulting from these products. We MAKES NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURCHASE. We expressly disclaims all other warranties, whether express, implied or statutory, including the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR USE. In no event will we be liable for consequential damages arising from the use of products described in this website.
Concerning all Online Purchases:Payment Terms:
AMEX, MasterCard, and Visa are accepted. Shipping and Handling charges do apply.
For all Product Purchases:When bill to/ship to addresses are not exact matches, PRO Scientific will hold order processing until verbal confirmation can be obtained from bill to address and phone number.
PRO delivers most orders on a 2-3 day shipping schedule. (Next-day or second-day delivery is available for non-online purchased PRO Scientific products).  All domestic handling and freight charges are prepaid and added to the invoice.
State tax regulations require that PRO Scientific collects 8.10% sales tax on orders being shipped and handled in Arizona, 10.5% sales tax on orders shipped and handled in California and 6.35% sales tax on orders shipped and handled in Connecticut. All sales tax collected is paid to the respective states as applicable (where the merchandise has been shipped).
Except where otherwise noted tax liability is responsibility of customer.
Concerning all Purchases for PRO Scientific Products:
Customer shall be responsible for shipping charges on any returned or re-shipped merchandise.
A 10% re-stocking charge may be applied to any unused items returned within 15 days from invoice date. Additional charges (up to full list price) may be applied on any returned items that are damaged.
A 20% re-stocking charge shall be applied and merchandise credit only will be issued for any unused items returned between 16 and 60 after invoice date. Additional charges (up to full list price) may be applied on any returned items that are damaged.
Returns are not accepted after 60 days from invoice date.
Used equipment may not be returned for credit.
Quantity or item discrepancies must be reported to pro scientific within 10 days of invoice date to ensure proper invoice crediting.
Each order is carefully inspected before shipment.  PRO Scientific is not responsible for items lost or damaged during shipment.
Please inspect package carefully upon receipt and immediately make note of any damage.
Pro warrants products against manufacturing defects or items sent in error.  A claim must be made to PRO Scientific to replace an item shipped in error within 10 days of invoice date.  Check product operator's manual for specific warranty information.
For return authorization, contact PRO Scientific at (203) 267-4600.
PRIVACY POLICY:
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which PRO SCIENTIFIC INC. collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the www.proscientific.com website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by PRO SCIENTIFIC INC..
Personal identification information:
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, place an order, subscribe to the newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information:
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies:
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information:
PRO SCIENTIFIC INC. may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
- To improve customer service
Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
- To personalize user experience
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
- To improve our Site
We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
- To process payments
We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
- To run a promotion, contest, survey or other Site feature
To send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
- To send periodic emails
We may use the email address to send User information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How we protect your information:
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.
Sharing your personal information:
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
Changes to this privacy policy:
PRO SCIENTIFIC INC. has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms:
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
PRO SCIENTIFIC INC.
www.proscientific.com
99 Willenbrock Road
Oxford CT 06478
203-267-4600
SALES@proscientific.com
This document was last updated on September 26th, 2016
Privacy policy created by http://www.generateprivacypolicy.com
Your Homogenizer & Lab Equipment Experts
Home
Site Map
About Us
Contact Us
Terms and Conditions
Facebook
LinkedIn
YouTube
Twitter
BlogSpot
Google+
© 2020 PRO Scientific Inc. All rights reserved.