https://psl-equip.com/conditions-of-use/
Skip to content
Conditions of UseJulie Powell2017-04-13T01:44:41-07:00
TERMS & CONDITIONSThe following Terms and Conditions apply to the use of this Web site.
Copyright
All content appearing on this Website is the property of PSL Lab Supplies. Copyright © 2004- 2016. All rights reserved. As a user, you are authorized only to view, copy, print, and distribute documents on this Web site so long as (1) the document is used for informational purposes only, and (2) any copy of the document (or portion thereof) includes the following copyright notice: Copyright © 2004- 2016 PSL Lab Supplies. All rights reserved.
Trademarks
All brand, product, service, and process names appearing on this Website are trademarks of their respective holders. Reference to or use of a product, service, or process does not imply recommendation, approval, affiliation, or sponsorship of that product, service, or process by PSL Lab Supplies. Nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel, or otherwise any license or right under any patent, copyright, trademark, or other intellectual property right of PSL Lab Supplies or any third party, except as expressly granted herein.
Use Of Site
This site may contain other proprietary notices and copyright information, the terms of which must be observed and followed. Information on this site may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Information, including product pricing and availability, may be changed or updated without notice. PSL Lab Supplies and its subsidiaries reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, and/or cancel orders in its discretion, including, without limitation, if PSL Lab Supplies believes that customer conduct violates applicable law or is harmful to the interests of PSL Lab Supplies and its subsidiaries.
Privacy Policy
PSL Lab Supplies use of personal information that you may submit to PSL Lab Supplies through this Web site is governed by the PSL Lab Supplies Privacy Policy.
Shop Hours
Customer service is available as defined on the Contact Us page of this Web site.
Miscellaneous
VOID WHERE PROHIBITED: Although the information on this Website is accessible worldwide, not all products or services discussed in this Web site are available to all persons or in all geographic locations or jurisdictions. PSL Lab Supplies and the advertisers each reserve the right to limit the provision of their products or services to any person, geographic area, or jurisdiction they so desire and to limit the quantities of any products or services that they provide. Any offer for any product or service made in the materials on this Website is void where prohibited. GOVERNING LAW: In the event of litigation both parties agree that the Law of California shall apply and both parties consent to the jurisdiction of the state courts of San Diego, CA, or in the event of diversity of citizenship, the United States District Court for the (District). Both parties expressly waive a trial by jury. MISCELLANEOUS: The Terms and Conditions constitute the entire agreement between you and PSL Lab Supplies with respect to this Web site. The Terms and Conditions supercede all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral or written between you and PSL Lab Supplies with respect to this Web site. No modification of the Terms and Conditions shall be effective unless it is authorized by PSL Lab Supplies. If any provision of the Terms and Conditions is found to be contrary to law, then such provision(s) shall be constructed in a manner to closely reflect, as much as possible, the intentions of the parties, with the other provisions remaining in full force and effect.
Go to Top