https://pstnet.com/privacy/
Skip to content
Warning:
Creating default object from empty value in /home/pstnet88/public_html/wp-content/plugins/current-menu-item-for-custom-post-types/include/filter.php on line 32HomeSupportStore
Search for:
ProductsBehavioral ResearchfMRI ResearchMRI SimulationConnect to E-PrimeResearch MethodsAssessmentPhantom ImagingLegacy ProductsCompanyWhy UsMission & HistoryPeoplePartnersResellersCareersRegulatoryDownloadable MediaNews & EventsContact
Privacy PolicyGeneralPsychology Software Tools, Inc. respects the privacy of every individual who visits our websites (pstnet.com, support.pstnet.com, psychology-software-tools.mybigcommerce.com, psychmate.com, camci.us.com), hereinafter referred to as “the Site”. In the interest of full disclosure, we have provided all the relevant legal documents concerning the usage of our site. This Privacy Policy outlines the type of information Psychology Software Tools, Inc. may gather from you during your visit to our site. The terms of this Privacy Policy govern, in the event of any inconsistency between this Privacy Policy and any other discussion of privacy contained in any of our websites. This Privacy Policy reflects only the policies of Psychology Software Tools, Inc. Notice of changes to this Privacy Policy will be posted on the Site, and Psychology Software Tools, Inc., reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy by posting revised versions. Your continued use of the Site constitutes your acceptance of the revisions. You should review this Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions of Use from time to time. If you do not agree to all of the terms and conditions set forth, you must exit the Site immediately.An overview of data protectionThe following gives a simple overview of what happens to your personal information when you visit the Site. Personal information is any data with which you could be personally identified. Detailed information on the subject of data protection can be found in this Privacy Policy.Data collection on our websiteHow do we collect your data?Some data are collected when you provide it to us. This could, for example, be data you enter on a contact form.Other data are collected automatically by our IT systems when you visit the Site. These data are primarily technical data such as the browser and operating system you are using or when you accessed the page. These data are collected automatically as soon as you enter our website.What do we use your data for?Part of the data is collected to ensure the proper functioning of the website. Other data can be used to analyze how visitors use the site, use of our products, targeting of product notifications (e.g., new versions), potential product issues, influence of product design and/or product offerings to cater to a targeted audience (e.g. popularity of operating systems and browsers), and other product-related reasons.What rights do you have regarding your data?You always have the right to request information about your stored data, its origin, its recipients, and the purpose of its collection at no charge. You also have the right to request that it be corrected, blocked, or deleted. You can contact us at any time using the address given in the legal notice if you have further questions about the issue of privacy and data protection. You may also, of course, file a complaint with the competent regulatory authorities.Analytics and third-party toolsWhen visiting the Site, statistical analyses may be made of your behavior. This happens primarily using cookies and analytics. The analysis of your behavior is usually anonymous, i.e. we will not be able to identify you from this data. You can object to this analysis or prevent it by not using certain tools. Detailed information can be found in the following Privacy Policy. General information and mandatory informationData protectionThe operators of the Site take the protection of your personal data very seriously. We treat your personal data as confidential and in accordance with the statutory data protection regulations and this privacy policy.If you use the Site, various pieces of personal data will be collected. Personal information is any data with which you could be personally identified. This privacy policy explains what information we collect and what we use it for. It also explains how and for what purpose this happens.Please note that data transmitted via the internet (e.g. via email communication) may be subject to security breaches. Complete protection of your data from third-party access is not possible.Notice concerning the party responsible for this websiteThe party responsible for processing data on this website is:Psychology Software Tools, Inc. Sharpsburg Business Park 311 23rd Street Ext., Suite 200 Sharpsburg, PA 15215-2821 USATelephone: 412-449-0078Email: privacy@pstnet.comThe responsible party is the natural or legal person who alone or jointly with others decides on the purposes and means of processing personal data (names, email addresses, etc.).Revocation of your consent to the processing of your dataMany data processing operations are only possible with your express consent. You may revoke your consent at any time with future effect. An informal email making this request is sufficient. The data processed before we receive your request may still be legally processed.Right to file complaints with regulatory authoritiesIf there has been a breach of data protection legislation, the person affected may file a complaint with the competent regulatory authorities.Right to data portabilityYou have the right to have data which we process based on your consent or in fulfillment of a contract automatically delivered to yourself or to a third party in a standard, machine-readable format. If you require the direct transfer of data to another responsible party, this will only be done to the extent technically feasible.SSL encryptionThe Site uses SSL encryption for security reasons and for the protection of the transmission of confidential content, such as the inquiries you send to us as the site operator. You can recognize an encrypted connection in your browser’s address line when it changes from “http://” to “https://” and the lock icon is displayed in your browser’s address bar.If SSL encryption is activated, the data you transfer to us cannot be read by third parties.Information, blocking, deletionAs permitted by law, you have the right to be provided at any time with information free of charge about any of your personal data that is stored as well as its origin, the recipient and the purpose for which it has been processed. You also have the right to have this data corrected, blocked or deleted. You can contact us at any time using the address given in our legal notice if you have further questions on the topic of personal data.Opposition to promotional emailsWe hereby expressly prohibit the use of contact data published in the context of website legal notice requirements with regard to sending promotional and informational materials not expressly requested. The Site operator reserves the right to take specific legal action if unsolicited advertising material, such as email spam, is received.Data collection on our websiteCookiesSome of our web pages use cookies. Cookies help make the Site more user-friendly, efficient, and secure. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer and saved by your browser.Most of the cookies we use are so-called “session cookies.” They are automatically deleted after your visit. Other cookies remain in your device’s memory until you delete them. These cookies make it possible to recognize your browser when you next visit the site.You can configure your browser to inform you about the use of cookies so that you can decide on a case-by-case basis whether to accept or reject a cookie. Alternatively, your browser can be configured to automatically accept cookies under certain conditions or to always reject them, or to automatically delete cookies when closing your browser. Disabling cookies may limit the functionality of this website.Cookies which are necessary to allow electronic communications or to provide certain functions you wish to use (such as the shopping cart) are stored pursuant to Art. 6 paragraph 1, letter f of GDPR. The Site operator has a legitimate interest in the storage of cookies to ensure an optimized service provided free of technical errors. If other cookies (such as those used to analyze your surfing behavior) are also stored, they will be treated separately in this privacy policy.Server log filesThe Site provider automatically collects and stores information that your browser automatically transmits to us in “server log files”. These are:Browser type and browser versionOperating system usedReferrer URLRequested URIProduct information (e.g., version and serial number)Host name of the accessing computerTime of the server requestIP addressThe basis for data processing is Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR, which allows the processing of data to fulfill a contract or for measures preliminary to a contract.Contact formShould you send us questions via the contact form, we will collect the data entered on the form, including the contact details you provide, to answer your question and any follow-up questions. We do not share this information without your permission or notification.We will, therefore, process any data you enter onto the contact form only with your consent per Art. 6 (1)(a) GDPR. You may revoke your consent at any time. An informal email making this request is sufficient. The data processed before we receive your request may still be legally processed.We will retain the data you provide on the contact form until you request its deletion, revoke your consent for its storage, or the purpose for its storage no longer pertains (e.g. after fulfilling your request). Any mandatory statutory provisions, especially those regarding mandatory data retention periods, remain unaffected by this provision.Registration on the SiteYou can register on the Site in order to access additional functions offered. The input data will only be used for the purpose of using the respective site or service for which you have registered. The mandatory information requested during registration must be provided in full. Otherwise, we will reject your registration.To inform you about important changes such as those within the scope of our site or technical changes, we will use the email address specified during registration.We will process the data provided during registration only based on your consent per Art. 6 (1)(a) GDPR. You may revoke your consent at any time with future effect. An informal email making this request is sufficient. The data processed before we receive your request may still be legally processed.We will continue to store the data collected during registration for as long as you remain registered on our website. Statutory retention periods remain unaffected.Analytics and advertisingGoogle AnalyticsThis website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service. It is operated by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.Google Analytics cookies are stored based on Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in analyzing user behavior to optimize both its website and its advertising.Browser pluginYou can prevent these cookies being stored by selecting the appropriate settings in your browser. However, we wish to point out that doing so may mean you will not be able to enjoy the full functionality of this website. You can also prevent the data generated by cookies about your use of the website (incl. your IP address) from being passed to Google, and the processing of these data by Google, by downloading and installing the browser plugin available at the following link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.Demographic data collection by Google AnalyticsThe Site uses Google Analytics’ demographic features. This allows reports to be generated containing statements about the age, gender, and interests of site visitors. This data comes from interest-based advertising from Google and third-party visitor data. This collected data cannot be attributed to any specific individual person. You can disable this feature at any time by adjusting the ads settings in your Google account.NewsletterNewsletter dataIf you would like to receive our newsletter, we require a valid email address as well as information that allows us to verify that you are the owner of the specified email address and that you agree to receive this newsletter. No additional data is collected or is only collected on a voluntary basis. We only use this data to send the requested information and do not pass it on to third parties.We will, therefore, process any data you enter onto the contact form only with your consent per Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR. You can revoke consent to the storage of your data and email address as well as their use for sending the newsletter at any time, e.g. through the “unsubscribe” link in the newsletter. The data processed before we receive your request may still be legally processed.The data provided when registering for the newsletter will be used to distribute the newsletter until you cancel your subscription when said data will be deleted. Data we have stored for other purposes (e.g., Support site) remain unaffected.MailChimpThis website uses the services of MailChimp to send newsletters. This service is provided by Rocket Science Group LLC, 675 Ponce De Leon Ave NE, Suite 5000, Atlanta, GA 30308, USA.MailChimp is a service which organizes and analyzes the distribution of newsletters. If you provide data (e.g. your email address) to subscribe to our newsletter, it will be stored on MailChimp servers.We use MailChimp to analyze our newsletter campaigns. When you open an email sent by MailChimp, a file included in the email (called a web beacon) connects to MailChimp’s servers. This allows us to determine if a newsletter message has been opened and which links you click on. In addition, technical information is collected (e.g. time of retrieval, IP address, browser type, and operating system). This information cannot be assigned to a specific recipient. It is used exclusively for the statistical analysis of our newsletter campaigns. The results of these analyses can be used to better tailor future newsletters to your interests.If you do not want your usage of the newsletter to be analyzed by MailChimp, you will have to unsubscribe from the newsletter. For this purpose, we provide a link in every newsletter we send.Data processing is based on Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR. You may revoke your consent at any time by unsubscribing to the newsletter. The data processed before we receive your request may still be legally processed.The data provided when registering for the newsletter will be used to distribute the newsletter until you cancel your subscription when said data will be deleted from our servers and those of MailChimp. Data we have stored for other purposes (e.g., Support site) remains unaffected.For details, see the MailChimp privacy policy at https://mailchimp.com/legal/terms/.Data ProcessorsThe Site uses plugins and tools as data processors. In the event a data subject requests to be forgotten, have their data ported, or a data breach occurs, the Site operator will contact its data processors to conduct the appropriate actions.Disclosure of InformationPsychology Software Tools, Inc. may gather and use information you submit through the Site in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy. The email we receive from you will indicate your intent, as well as the nature of your request. This information will be used by Psychology Software Tools, Inc. in a way that is consistent with your request. Psychology Software Tools, Inc. may share your email address and information provided by you within your email to us, as well as statistical non-identifiable information within Psychology Software Tools, Inc., and with any Psychology Software Tools, Inc. business partners we work with to provide our services. Submission of your personal information by email to the Site signifies your consent and permission for it to be used within the guidelines of this Privacy Policy, unless you indicate otherwise at the time of your submission. PSYCHOLOGY SOFTWARE TOOLS, INC. WILL NOT DELIBERATELY DISCLOSE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION TO ANY THIRD PARTY, WITHOUT NOTIFYING YOU OR OBTAINING YOUR PERMISSION WITHIN YOUR EMAIL COMMUNICATION. Notwithstanding any contrary statements in this Privacy Policy, Psychology Software Tools, Inc. will cooperate with official law enforcement inquiries, such as fraud investigations and subpoenas, and will disclose your information when necessary to comply with state and federal laws and regulations.Communications to Psychology Software Tools, Inc.Any communications and/or related materials you transmit to the Site, including any data, questions, comments, suggestions, or the like is, and will be treated as, non-confidential and non-proprietary. Anything you transmit or post may be used by Psychology Software Tools, Inc. for any purpose, including but not limited to reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast, and posting. Furthermore, Psychology Software Tools, Inc. is free to use any ideas, suggestions, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in any communication you send to Psychology Software Tools, Inc. or the Site for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to developing, manufacturing and marketing products or services using such information.Links Provided to Other SitesPsychology Software Tools, Inc. may provide links to other Web sites; however, we are not responsible for the content of those sites or the privacy policies of their companies. Should you access these other sites through a link on the Psychology Software Tools, Inc. Site and provide personal information, Psychology Software Tools, Inc. is not responsible for actions taken with that information. We suggest you contact those responsible for the third-party site to obtain information about their data collection practices, before providing personal data.SecurityPsychology Software Tools, Inc. strives to maintain appropriate physical, technical and administrative security with respect to its offices and information systems so as to prevent any loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, or modification of personal information. Psychology Software Tools, Inc. takes every reasonable precaution to protect information you submit to us via email. However, e-mail communication to and from our Site is not secure. This is a risk inherent in the use of e-mail. Please be aware of this when requesting information or submitting information to us by e-mail. Psychology Software Tools, Inc. also exercises due caution in protecting such information off-line. Psychology Software Tools, Inc. employees’ computers are password-protected, and all employees are kept up-to-date on Psychology Software Tools, Inc. security and privacy practices. Finally, the servers on which Psychology Software Tools, Inc. stores your information are kept in a secure environment and protected from both physical and network intrusion.While we strive to safeguard your personal information once we receive it, no transmission of data over the Internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.Account and PasswordYou are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of any Site related account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. If you are under 18, you may use the Site only with a parent or guardian. Psychology Software Tools, Inc. reserves the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders in its sole discretion.Privacy Policy ConsentBY USING THE SITE, YOU ARE SIGNIFYING YOUR CONSENT TO, AND YOUR AGREEMENT WITH, THE GUIDELINES PROVIDED BY PSYCHOLOGY SOFTWARE TOOLS, INC. IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY REGARDING THE COLLECTION AND USE OF INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO US. PSYCHOLOGY SOFTWARE TOOLS, INC. IS NOT RESPONSIBLE IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE GUIDELINES OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY BUT CONTINUE TO VISIT AND USE THE SITE.Contact InformationIf you have any questions regarding this Site or its policies, please email us at privacy@pstnet.com, or contact us at: Psychology Software Tools, Inc. Sharpsburg Business Park 311 23rd Street Ext., Suite 200 Sharpsburg, PA 15215-2821 USAWe use cookies to offer you a better browsing experience and to analyze site traffic. If you continue to use this site, you consent to our use of cookies. Privacy Preferences I Agree