http://publicpolicy.pepperdine.edu/master-public-policy/
Skip to main content
Search site
x
Search
Apply
Visit
Give
Menu
Academics
Admission
Student Life
Alumni
About
Newsroom
Events
Locations
Community
Popular Links
Davenport Institute
Tuition
Housing
Washington, DC
Academic Calendar
Academic Catalog
Faculty
Pepperdine Policy Review
Back
Academics
Programs
Master of Public Policy (MPP)
Joint Degree Programs
Washington, DC Summer Seminar
Professional Certificates
Institutes & Initiatives
American Project
Cross-Sector Leadership
Davenport Institute
Education Policy & Impact
HSAC at SPP
Viewpoint Diversity
Meet the Faculty
Research
Accreditation & Affiliations
Academic Calendar
Academic Catalog
Why Study Public Policy?
Back
Admission
Admission Requirements
International Applications
For Veterans
See SPP Differently
Financial Aid
Cost of Attendance
Loans
Federal Work Study
Scholarships
International Student Aid
Back
Student Life
Events
Graduate Housing
Academic Services
Student Activities & Organizations
Student Services
Career Services
Health & Counseling Services
Student Accounts
Technical Services
Back
Alumni
Benefits & Services
Career & Professional Development
Alumni Involvement
Alumni Community
Pepperdine Alumni Affairs
Back
About
Our Story
A Unique Mission & Philosophy
About Pepperdine
About Public Policy
Administration
Dean's Message
Board of Advisors
Meet the Faculty
Meet the Staff
SPP at a Glance
Dean's Report
Visitor Information
Public Policy Blog
Academics
Master of Public Policy Degree Program
Program Overview
School: School of Public Policy
Tuition: $41,520 (per year)
Average Scholarship: $25,862
Units: 50 units
Terms: 4 terms
Location: Malibu
Admission Requirements
Faculty
Curriculum
Careers
Financial Aid
Fall 2021 application portal opens on October 1, 2020. In response to the needs of
our 2021 applicants during the COVID-19 pandemic, the School of Public Policy is making
the GRE/GMAT/LSAT requirements optional.
Earn Your MPP Degree at Pepperdine School of Public Policy
Early public policy programs traditionally trained students to be analysts, helping
to design effective government programs. While devoting significant attention to such
analysis, Pepperdine's School of Public Policy is committed to nurturing leaders who can use these tools to effect real change,
not only in government agencies, but also in the private and nonprofit sectors. After
students graduate with their MPP degree, we aim to help these leaders find a relevant
career or Master of Public Policy job.
Beyond useful tools, success in a career in public policy requires critical insights
produced only by a broad understanding of the history and philosophy undergirding
free institutions and an exposure to great ideas, courageous thinkers, and extraordinary
leaders. It is based on the conviction that culture and personal moral certainties
are also the valid concern of higher education—in fact, an important foundation for
analysis. This significant and unique perspective is reflected in our "James Q. Wilson Curriculum," unashamedly setting it apart from many other public policy programs.
The MPP degree requires 50 units of course work with four 3-4 unit courses taken each
semester for two academic years (four semesters). The first year is primarily composed
of core Master of Public Policy courses and provides a foundation for the student's public policy specialization courses, most of which are taken in the second year.
Program Specializations
American Policy and Politics
The American politics MPP degree specialization analyzes the dynamic nature of American
society and considers the political, economic, and social implications of federal
and local policies. It includes the development of skills in building consensus among
a variety of constituents affected by the new policy initiatives.
Applied Economic Policy
The economics MPP degree specialization examines such policies as urban and global
issues, the evaluation of law and public policy, regional and metropolitan growth,
and the role of government in a market economy.
International Relations and National Security
The international relations and national security MPP degree specialization traces
a new role for U.S. leadership including studies in statesmanship; global alliances;
and U.S. relations to such areas as Latin America, Asia, Africa, the Middle East,
or Eastern Europe.
Public Policy and Dispute Resolution
The dispute resolution MPP degree specialization focuses on solving public challenges
in collaborative ways, preparing leaders with policy expertise and the skills to work
across differences in an era of polarization.
State and Local Policy
The state and local MPP degree specialization teaches students how regions grow, develop,
and can be effectively governed. Today, governors, mayors, and other municipal and
business leaders are creating many of the most innovative and effective policy initiatives
at local levels.
Graduates Quick Facts
28%Employed in the public sector
33%Employed in the nonprofit sector
29%Employed in the private sector
11%Post graduate / doctoral studies
Testimonials
I had the best experience at the School of Public Policy on the academic and personal
level. The faculty, staff, and students are very respectful and caring. I admire the
open door policy they have. Whenever I had a concern, it was immediately taken into
consideration and resolved."
Amira Ibrahim Taha Elshamy (MPP '17)
Request Information
Related Programs
Washington DC Program
Joint Degree MPP/MDR
Joint Degree MPP/JD
Joint Degree MPP/MBA
Professional Certificates
Contact UsOffice of AdmissionSchool of Public Policy24255 Pacific Coast Highway Malibu, CA 90263310.506.7493Email
scroll up
©