https://qualitychemlabs.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Menu
Close
Privacy Policy
1.0 Privacy Statement1.1 For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server does not automatically recognize any information regarding the domain or e-mail address. We collect the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, user specific information on what pages consumers access or visit, and information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information or site registrations.1.2 The information we collect is used for internal review and is then discarded, used to improve the content of our Web page, used to customize the content and/or layout of our page for individual consumer and used by us to contact consumers for marketing purposes. If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending an e-mail, calling or writing, and telling us that you do not want to receive e-mail from our company.2.0 Terms of Use Statement2.1 You understand and agree that the owners of this site shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential or exemplary damages, including but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, data or other intangible losses (even if the owners of this site have been advised of the possibility of such damages), resulting from the use or the inability to use the product(s) and or service(s) or any misuse of the product(s) and or service(s) in a manner not in accordance with their intended use.3.0 Information and Email Privacy3.1 All information including email addresses are kept in strict confidence and are not sold, traded or loaned to any other organization(s) for any reason. This information is for the sole purpose of notifying the members of Quality Chemical Laboratory of special discount offers, exclusive sales and coupons for our products and services only.4.0 Cookies4.1 If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.4.2 If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.4.3 When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.4.4 If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.5.0 Embedded content from other websites5.1 Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.5.2 These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.See our Quality Assurance Policy
We use cookies and other similar technologies to improve your browsing experience and the functionality of our site. By clicking "Accept All Cookies", you consent to the storing on your device of all the technologies and cookies from this website and on any mobile device(s) described in our Cookie Policy. We also urge you to read our Privacy
Policy and Terms of Useto better understand how we maintain our site, and how we may collect and use
visitor data.
Accept All Cookies