http://ramin.com.au/ramin.html#privacy
ramin communications
Technology
eBook Creation Services
Publishing Support Services
Linux on a Laptop
Governance
Short Walk Books
The Series
1890s Annandale
Federation Annandale
Annandale's Great War
1920s Annandale: A Short Walk
1930s Annandale: A Short Walk
1940s Annandale: A Short Walk
50s Annandale: A Short Walk
Inner West
Annandale
Camperdown
Forest Lodge
Harold Park
Stanmore
Annandale Heritage Festival
Sustainability
Ecologically Sustainable Sydney
Creek Care
Electronic and Electrical Waste
Eco-Annandale Exhibitions
About Us
About Us
Contact Us
Search
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Home
Contact Us
Principal Consultant and Director: Marghanita da Cruz
E-mail: marghanita@ramin.com.au
Telephone: (+61) 0414 869 202
Post: PO Box 341 Annandale NSW Australia 2038
Website: ramin.com.au
Enquiries Form
Advertise with Us
Please contact us for information about advertising on our website or in our Annandale newsletter.
Company Information
Ramin Communications was registered as a Business Name in NSW in
10 December 1996. Ramin Communications Pty Ltd was registered under the Corporations Law of New South Wales on 27th September 1999.ACN: 089 713 084ABN: 27 089 713 084
Principal Consultant and Director: Marghanita da Cruz
Ramin Communications was established in 1996, to provide Information and Communication Technology Services...more
Terms of Use
Except as permitted by the copyright law applicable to you, you may not reproduce or communicate any of the content on this website (ramin.com.au), including files downloadable from this website, without the permission of the copyright owner. The Australian Copyright Act allows certain uses of content on the internet without the copyright owner's permission. This includes uses by educational institutions for educational purposes, and by Commonwealth and State government departments for government purposes, provided fair payment is made. For more information, see www.copyright.com.au and www.copyright.org.au. We may change these terms of use from time to time. Check before re-using any content from this website.
Privacy Policy
Ramin Communications maintains mailing lists, to which you may subscribe. We will not provide your email address to a third party, unless it assists in replying to your enquiry about the third party, for example the New Theatre, Ted Floyd's Creekcare and SamWorthington's Photographs.
Third parties (eg. Google and Amazon) may be placing and reading cookies on users' browsers, or using web beacons to collect information, in the course of ads being served on the Ramin Communications website (ramin.com.au). Browsers, such as Firefox, allow you to manage the use of these.
Search
ramin.com.au/ramin.html last updated 5 November 2019. © 2019 Ramin Communications Pty Ltd.