https://rcahmw.gov.uk/privacy-cookies/
CBHC / RCAHMW > Privacy & Cookies
Privacy & Cookies
Privacy
Privacy Notice
Cookie Policy
EU Legislation
Under the EU Privacy Directive, visitors to RCAHMW should be fully informed about cookies used by the site and be given the option to remove them from use. If you do not wish to give consent, and acknowledge that elements of our site may not operate as designed, please see the Managing Cookies section below for help with changing your browser settings.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files written by a web server to your hard drive. They can only be read or edited by the web site that originally wrote them and are typically used to recognise you as the same person across each request you make to view a web page.
Cookie Categories
To assist you in understanding our use of cookies we have adopted the 4 cookie categories created by the International Chamber of Commerce. These are:
Category
Description
Strictly Necessary
These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the website. Without these cookies services you have asked for, like shopping baskets or e-billing, cannot be provided
Performance
These cookies collect information about how visitors use a website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies don’t collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. It is only used to improve how a website works.
Functionality
These cookies allow the website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. For instance, a website may be able to provide you with local weather reports or traffic news by storing in a cookie the region in which you are currently located.
These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages that you can customise. They may also be used to provide services you have asked for such as watching a video or commenting on a blog. The information these cookies collect may be anonymised and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.
Targeting or Advertising
These cookies are used to deliver adverts more relevant to you and your interests They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign. They are usually placed by advertising networks with the website operator’s permission. They remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with other organisations such as advertisers. Quite often targeting or advertising cookies will be linked to site functionality provided by the other organisation.
Cookies written by Rcahmw
These cookies are written directly by Rcahmw and are required for the site to operate as designed.
Cookie Name
Cookie Purpose
ICC Category
__utma, __utmb,__utmc,__utmz
These cookies are used by Google Analytics to assist in collation of statistics informing us how our website is used by our visitors. Our staff use this information in aggregated reports to help measure our visitor experience, and how we might make improvement.
Performance
Session Cookie (Unique Filename (32 digit alphanumeric filename e.g
This cookie is used to store a reference to session data. This is commonly used to store user sessions.This cookie is removed when the browser is closed.
Performance
Managing Cookies
RCAHMW has been designed to use cookies to enhance your browsing experience. If you would prefer, you can change your browser settings to remove and/or prevent the use of cookies however parts of RCAHMW will no longer work as intended and browsing errors may occur. Find out more about managing your cookies.
Latest tweets