https://retrogen.net/privacy-policy/
1-800-RETROGEN
WELCOME, GUEST
LOGIN
MENUMENUHomeCOVID-19 TestingGenomic Services
Clinical Services
Clinical Sanger SequencingClinical NGS
Research Areas
Plasmid PrepsDirect Colony SequencingGene ExpressionMicrobial Identification
Next-Gen Sequencing
Targeted PanelsExome SequencingCustom Panels
Sanger Sequencing
Plasmids or PCR ProductsDifficult TemplatesPCR PurificationClinical Sequencing16S rRNA GENE SEQUENCINGDifficult templates
Molecular Services
Mutation AnalysisSNP GenotypingSequence VerificationFragment AnalysisMethylation Analysis
Clinical Diagnostics
Women’s
Health
Aerobic VaginitisBacterial VaginosisGroup B StreptococcusSexually Transmitted InfectionsYeast Infection (CANDIDIASIS)
Infectious Disesase
Respiratory InfectionGastrointestinal InfectionUrinary Tract Infection
NON-INVASIVE PRENATAL TESTINGCystic FibrosisMedical Billing
How To OrderFAQ
Resources
Genomic Resources
Genomic ServicesSequencing SoftwareSample Submission GuidelinesLogin/RegisterRequest a QuoteFAQLiteratureHow To OrderFormUniversal PrimerTurn Around TimeQuality AssuranceCustom Sequencing Oligos
Clinical Resources
Clinical servicesGeneral Specimen RequirementsRequest a QuoteShippingFormLiteratureFAQ
Promotions
New Lab5 Free Reactions PromotionRefer A Colleague
ContactAbout Us
Licenses & AccreditationsEmployment OpportunitiesPrivacy PolicyTerms of services
ABOUT RETROGEN
PRIVACY STATEMENTPLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEB SITE OR ANY Retrogen SITES.
Welcome to Retrogen.com!!. A website created & owned by Retrogen Inc. Retrogen.com can be reached through any of the following URL’s (web addresses).www.Retrogen.com
The privacy policy is applicable to you irrespective of the URL you choose to reach this website. This website hereby will be referred to as “Retrogen”.
This Privacy Statement is applicable to all Retrogen Inc( including “Retrogen.com”) Web sites and other sites on the Internet and World Wide Web owned and operated by Retrogen Inc (the “Retrogen Sites”), and all services provided thereon, including all Retrogen Forums (collectively, unless noted otherwise, the “Services”). Retrogen respects the privacy concerns of all users of the Services. Retrogen also recognizes the valuable potential of technology to help people communicate with the companies whose Web sites they visit, particularly through customer databases. Responsible use of the information you share with Retrogen is paramount. In order to help you understand how the information you provide Retrogen will be used, the following guidelines have been created.
Personally Identifiable Information:
In order to use certain portions of the Services (i.e., Retrogen Forums), you may be required to register and create an account with Retrogen (“Retrogen Account”). There is no cost to create a Retrogen Account but you will be asked to choose a member name (please select a name other than your real name; also, please do not select the name of a real person), password, and provide certain personal information about yourself, such as your real name, age, address, telephone number, occupation and e-mail address. If you do provide Retrogen with personally identifiable information, we will take all reasonable and appropriate steps to protect this information. Retrogen will not disclose, share, sell or rent personally identifiable information to any third party without your prior consent. Other than registration information, you may be asked to provide certain personal information in connection with your use of or participation in certain promotions such as entering sweepstakes, contests, surveys, newsletters, etc, (“Special Promotions”). In these instances, you will be informed of the intended use(s) of the requested information.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information:
As part of the registration process to create a Retrogen Account or to participate in a Special Promotion, you may be asked to provide certain information about yourself which does not personally identify you. For example, you may be asked to provide information concerning your music or other entertainment preferences, purchasing habits, and the like. Retrogen requests this information in order to enhance your online experience by understanding you better and to also make you aware of new services, programs or offers in which you may be interested.
In general, you can use the Services (except Retrogen Forums, postings) while remaining anonymous. However, in some cases, Retrogen may still be able to collect certain non-personally identifiable information about your use of the Services. For example, Retrogen might collect information concerning the type of Internet browser you are using, the type of computer operating system you are using, the domain name of your Internet service provider and/or the Web site or advertisement from which you linked to the Retrogen site.
When you visit one of the Retrogen Sites or advertisements appearing thereon, or use one or more of the Services, we may use an industry-wide technology called “cookies” which stores certain information on your computer and which will allow us to customize your experience to better match your interests and preferences or simply facilitate your signing in to use the Services. Most browsers will allow you to erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block acceptance of cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. Please refer to your browser instructions or help screen to learn more about these functions.
In general, Retrogen may use non-personally identifiable information to improve and enhance the Services. However, from time to time, Retrogen may share this information with other entities in aggregate, non-personal form to show general demographic and preference information among users of the Retrogen Sites.
When you visit one of the Retrogen Sites or advertisements appearing thereon, or use one or more of the Services, we may use an industry-wide technology called “cookies” which stores certain information on your computer and which will allow us to customize your experience to better match your interests and preferences or simply facilitate your signing in to use the Services. Most browsers will allow you to erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block acceptance of cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. Please refer to your browser instructions or help screen to learn more about these functions.
In general, Retrogen may use non-personally identifiable information to improve and enhance the Services. However, from time to time, Retrogen may share this information with other entities in aggregate, non-personal form to show general demographic and preference information among users of the Retrogen Sites.
Other sensitive information:
Whenever you give Retrogen sensitive information (e.g., credit card numbers), Retrogen will take all commercially reasonable steps to protect such information by establishing a secure connection with your Web browser. Retrogen employs an industry-wide technology known as a secure-socket-layer (“SSL”) to protect the transmission of payment information to the Site. Unless otherwise specified herein, credit card numbers are used only for payment processing and are not retained for marketing or any other purposes.
Postings to Forums:
All postings, whether in a chat room, on message boards or other method of communication within the Forums will generally be available to and freely accessible by other users of the Retrogen Forums. Therefore, users should not expect that any information they post will be kept private or confidential and are encouraged to exercise discretion when using the Retrogen Forums. Additionally, your member name will always be posted in conjunction with your post in the Retrogen Forums.
Hyperlinks:
The Retrogen Sites may contain links to or advertisements concerning other Web sites. Other sites may also reference, advertise, or link to Retrogen Sites. Retrogen is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other sites and expressly disclaims all liability associated with your use of and the content on such other sites.
Consent to Processing:
By providing any personal information to the Retrogen Sites, all users, including without limitation users in the member states of the European Union, fully understand and unambiguously consent to the collection and processing of such information in the United States of America.
As part of your use of the Services, you are responsible for maintaining and updating, as applicable, your Registration Information with current and complete information. You may edit and delete portions of your Retrogen Account information or delete the Retrogen Account entirely. To do this, visit the first page after signing in to your account, known as the lobby/member page, and click on “Account Info” to make such changes or deletions. Retrogen is dedicated to protecting your personal information and welcomes comments and questions on this policy. You may e-mail your questions or comments to: privacy@Retrogen.com
Retrogen reserves the right to change this policy at any time by notifying guests of the existence of a new privacy policy.
QUESTIONS ABOUT PRODUCTS OR SERVICES,
CALL 1-800-RETROGEN OR (858) 455-8411
Genomic Services
Clinical Services
Next-Gen Sequencing
Sanger Sequencing
Molecular Services
Research Areas
Clinical Diagnostics
Women’s Health
Infectious Diseases
Non-Invasive Prenatal Testing
FAQ
Resources
Genomic Services
Clinical Services
Promotions
About Us
Licenses & Accreditations
Employment Opportunities
Contact Us
6645 Nancy Ridge Dr. San Diego, CA 9212
(800) RETROGEN
(858) 455-8411
Contact@Retrogen.net
CAP License: 8045555
CLIA License: 05D2049567
California CLF 00342957
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED | COPYRIGHT RETROGEN, INC. 2019