https://rhetoricsociety.org/aws/RSA/contact/gdpr_display_policy?layout_name=layout_interior&linked_text=GDPR+and+Privacy+Policy
Rhetoric Society of America
Menu
About
Purpose
Constitution
Officers & Board
RSA Fellows
Committees
History
News
Events
Events Calendar
Conferences
Institutes
RSA Project
Resources
Scholarly Resources
Affiliated & Related Organizations
Graduate Programs
Awards
Endowment
Overview
Endowments
Donors
Donation Form
Contact
Rhetoric Society of America
GDPR and Privacy Policy
EU Residents Only:If you are in our database, please click HERE to log in and to agree or disagree with the policies outlined below.
If you do not have a login, and you believe that you are in our database, please contact our office.
Rhetoric Society of AmericaPRIVACY Statement
The Rhetoric Society of America is committed to protecting your privacy. In order to fully understand your rights, we encourage you to read this privacy statement. This policy covers your communications through our website, email, and US Postal Service. Please direct questions regarding this statement to Kathleen Cesa, Administrator of Member Services, at RSA@KOCmemberservices.com.
When does RSA collect my personal information?
The Rhetoric Society of America gathers information from members via its website as they join or renew their membership.  It gathers information from registration at RSA events, and from voluntary subscription to Rhetoric Society Quarterly and Rhetoric Society Monthly.
General Policy: The Rhetoric Society of America never sells or shares your personal information with third parties. Any information collected through the RSA website is intended to be used for that transaction only.  Personal information requested during credit card transactions are collected and transmitted via collected and transmitted via SSL (Secure Socket Layer) technology.  The only exceptions are in cases where the disclosure is necessary to (1) provide a product or service you have specifically ordered from us, (2) comply with the law or with legal process, (3) protect and defend our rights and property, (4) protect our customers or users from misuse or unauthorized use of The Rhetoric Society of America website, Facebook page, or twitter feed, or (5) protect the personal safety or property of our members or the public. We also disclose aggregated member statistics in order to describe our identity and audience to prospective partners, advertisers, and other third parties. However aggregate data is not personally identifying and not traceable to you specifically.  We do not store credit card information on the RSA website. We do not have access to any detail on the Authorize.net website other than the last 4 digits of the card number.  We are PDI-DSS compliant.*
Website Registration: When joining or renewing your membership, we ask for your name, shipping and billing addresses, telephone number, and your credit card number and expiration date. This information is necessary for us to process your membership, regardless of method of joining or renewing. We also ask for voluntary demographic information so that we may better tailor RSA services to specific subsets of our membership. We will not share any of this personal information without your consent, except as specifically stated in our General Policy above. On the initial registration page, we ask for identifying information associated with your membership, as well as an email address and a password, in order to link your membership to your website access level. On subsequent visits, your email and password are required to sign in and access content on rhetoricsociety.org.
Email Announcements and Newsletter: RSA sends occasional email to its members with announcements relevant to the Society, its activities, research and other opportunities for its members, Society specific surveys, content on our website, elections and other ballot measures and other updates germane to The Rhetoric Society of America.  Members of RSA who are residents of EU nations are sent a notice of opting in to RSA electronic communication services if they wish to continue as RSA members. If they opt out, RSA will remove their information from its database.
International Users: If you are visiting the Rhetoric Society of America website from the European Union or other jurisdiction with laws governing data collection and transfer, please note that your data will be transferred to the United States and that, by using this site and providing your personal information, you are agreeing to this transfer of your information and to processing of your data globally in accordance with this privacy statement. Also, by choosing to visit the site and use our services you agree that any dispute over privacy or the terms contained in this privacy statement will be governed by the laws of Illinois, United States, in accordance with our terms of use.
How do I accept this privacy statement?
By using The Rhetoric Society of America site and services, you signify your acceptance of this privacy statement. If you do not agree or are not comfortable with any policy described in this privacy statement, your only remedy is to discontinue use of The Rhetoric Society of America site. We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time. Your continued use of any portion of The Rhetoric Society of America site following notification or posting of such changes, will constitute your acceptance of those changes. If you have questions or concerns about our specific policies, please send an email to RSA@KOCmemberservices.com.
*Additional Information on credit card processing:
We respect your privacy. Therefore, the Rhetoric Society of America never shares or sells your information with any third parties. Any information collected through this site is intended to be used for that transaction only. Your personal information is collected and transmitted via SSL (Secure Socket Layer) technology.
Note that all payment transactions are handled thru Authorize.net - a leading payment gateway since 1996, to accept credit cards and electronic check payments safely and securely for our members/customers.
The Authorize.Net Payment Gateway manages the complex routing of sensitive customer information through the electronic check and credit card processing networks. See an online payments diagram to see how it works.
The company adheres to strict industry standards for payment processing, including:
128-bit Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology for secure Internet Protocol (IP) transactions.Industry leading encryption hardware and software methods and security protocols to protect customer information.Compliance with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS).For additional information regarding the privacy of your sensitive cardholder data, please read the Authorize.Net Privacy Policy.
©2020  Rhetoric Society of America
5465 Centennial Trail
Boulder CO 80303-1267
USA
614.392.1558
Email: Info@RhetoricSociety.org
GDPR and Privacy Policy