https://ricanada.org/privacy-policy/
Home
About
Leadership
Impact
Notables
Industry map
Resources
News
Contact us
Privacy policy
Legal statement
© 2020 Renewable Industries Canada. All Rights Reserved.
Share
Privacy Policy
TERMS OF USE
When using Canadian Renewable Fuels Association (“CRFA”) products or services (“Products or Services”), you agree to the terms and conditions listed on this page (the “Terms of Use”).
If you order any CRFA product or use any CRFA Services or visit our Website, you accept these Terms of Use so please read them carefully. In addition, when you use any current or future CRFA Product or Services whether or not included in our Website, you will also be subject to our current Terms of Use.
PRIVACY
To understand our practices, please review our Privacy Policy that also governs your visit to our Website and the purchase of our Products or the use of our Services. Please note that the Privacy Policy may be changed or amended by CRFA, upon notice to the customer.
OWNERSHIP
All rights that are not granted to you are reserved by CRFA. The Products, Services, our technology, trademarks and any updates or improvements to these Products or Services and our technology, are owned by CRFA and its licensors. CRFA and our licensors own all copyrights, patents, trademarks, trade secrets, and other intellectual property rights relating to or residing in our Products or Services.
TRADEMARKS
CRFA, and our graphics, logos, page headers, button icons, scripts, and service names are trademarks or trade dress of the Canadian Renewable Fuels association. CRFA trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not provided or authorized in writing by CRFA, or in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among the public or customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits CRFA. All other trademarks not owned by CRFA that appear on this site are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by CRFA.
COMMUNICATIONS AND CONTENT
You are responsible for the content of the messages you communicate when using our Website or Services as well as the consequences of those messages. You agree that you will not use our Website or Services to engage in activities that are illegal, obscene, threatening, defamatory, invade privacy, infringe intellectual property rights, or otherwise injure third parties or are objectionable. You may not use a false e-mail address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead us as to your identity.
STAY INFORMED.RECEIVE NEWS & MORE!
Share
Stay Informed. Receive News & More!
Follow Us