https://rickly.com/privacy-policy/
Loading... Please wait...
Sign in or Create an account
My Account
Wish Lists
View Cart
Find Your Part or Instrument
Search
Advanced Search |
Search Tips
Home
About Us
Product Information
Stream Gaging InstrumentsSediment SamplingStage MeasurementAquatic SamplingMeteorological InstrumentsSample Analysis InstrumentationSurveyingWater QualitySoil ScienceGroundwater Monitoring
Need Assistance
Privacy PolicyReturn and Refund PolicyService & Repair
Facilities
Contact
Blog
Hydropower
Hydrological Equipment
Stream Gaging Equipment
Current Meters
Current Meter Parts
Meter Sensing Instruments
CURRENT METER OUTFITS
Sounding Reels
Wading Rods
Wading Rod Parts
Suspension Equipment
Cableways & Travellerways
Sounding Weights
Tagline Equipment
Surface Velocity Meters
SGE Replacement Parts
Stream Gaging Accessories
Measuring Notes, Pens, Markers
Measuring Tapes
Batteries
Thermometers
Chest Waders & Hip Waders
Rain Gear
Flotation Vest & Life Jackets
Traffic Safety Equipment
First Aid & Personal Protection
Equipment Cases
Special Tools
Discharge Measurement Software
USGS Field Publications
Sediment Sampling Equipment
Depth Integrating Samplers
Point Integrating Samplers
Bed Material Samplers
Bed Load Samplers
Helley Smith Samplers
Sediment Sampling Accessories
Bedload Trap
In-Stream Sediment Collector
Core Samplers
Runoff Samplers
Erosion Monitors
Scour Sensors
Single-Stage Samplers
DTEC Environmental Sampler
Portable Vacuum Samplers
Stormwater/Wastewater Samplers
Stormwater
Stage Measurement
Staff Gages & Number Plates
Wire Weight Gages
Stage Reference Gages
Float Type Instrumentation
Bubbler-Type Instrumentation
Submersible Pressure Transducers
Dataloggers
Datalogger Accessories
Ultrasonic & Radar Systems
Weirs
Flumes
Aquatic Sampling
Water Sampling Bottles
VOC & BOD Samplers
Bottom Grab Samplers
Core Samplers
Pore Samplers
Stream Bottom Samplers
Bethnic In-Stream Samplers
Sampling Nets
Artificial Substrate Samplers
Aquatic Sampling Accessories
Electrofishing Equipment
Limnology Sampling Kits
Stream Habitat Equipment
Meteorological Instruments
Rain Gages
Thermometers
Evaporation Station
Build Your Automatic Weather Station
Soil Moisture Instruments
Snow Measuring Equipment
Sample Analysis Instrumentation
Soil Sampling
Lab Products
Surveying & Mapping Equipment
Survey Equipment
Water Quality Instruments
Water Testing
Soil Science
Soil Sampling
Soil Testing
Archaeology and Geology Tools
Groundwater Monitoring
Water Level Meters
TLC Meters
Interface Meters
Depth Tag Line
Data Loggers & Telemetry
Point Source Bailers
Piezometer
Acoustic Doppler Current Profiler (ADCP)
ADCP Units
ADCP Accessory Tools
NEWS RELEASE
Cost and Accuracy Comparisons
Mechanical Current Meter System with AquaCalc Versus Other Point Velocity Discharge Systems
Download PDF
Rickly Hydro
Hydro Power Equipment
Visit Website
Privacy Policy
Rickly Hydrological Co. Inc. Customer Privacy Policy covers the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information that may be collected as you interact with Rickly, such as when you visit our website, when you purchase products and services, or when you call our sales or support associates. Please take a moment to read the following to learn more about our information practices, including what type of information is gathered, how the information is used and for what purposes, to whom we disclose the information, and how we safeguard your personal information. Your privacy is a priority at Fondriest, and we go to great lengths to protect it.
Why We Collect Personal Information
We collect your personal information because it helps us deliver a superior level of customer service. It enables us to give you convenient access to our products and services and focus on categories of greatest interest to you. In addition, your personal information helps us keep you posted on the latest product announcements, software updates, special offers, and events that you might like to hear about.
If you do not want Rickly to keep you up to date with news, software updates and the latest information on products and services click My Account and update your personal contact information and preferences.
What Information We Collect & How We May Use It
There are a few situations in which your personal information may help us serve you better.
For example:
We may ask for your personal information when you're discussing a service issue on the phone with an associate, downloading a software update, registering for a seminar, participating in an online survey, registering your products, or purchasing a product.
When you interact with Rickly, we may collect personal information relevant to the situation, such as your name, mailing address, phone number, email address, and contact preferences; your credit card information and information about the Fondriest products you own, such as their serial numbers and date of purchase; and information relating to a support or service issue.
Your Rickly ID & Related Information
The Rickly website, as well as some Rickly services, allows you to create a "Rickly ID" based on your personal information. This convenient service saves you time and allows for easier use of our web services. Here's how it works: You create a personal profile - providing your name, phone number, email address, and in some cases your mailing address - and choose a password and password hint (such as the month and day of your birth) for security. The system saves your information and assigns you a personal Rickly ID - in many cases simply your email address, because it's unique and easy to remember. The next time you order from the Rickly Store or register a new product, all you need to do is enter your Rickly ID and password; the system looks up the information it needs to assist you. In addition, if you update the information associated with your Rickly ID it will be available for all your transactions.
When We Disclose Your Information
Rickly Hydrological Co., Inc. takes your privacy very seriously.
Rickly does not sell or rent your contact information to other parties.
Rickly does not store your personal credit card information.
With Our Service Providers, Vendors & Strategic Partners
There are also times when it may be advantageous for Rickly to make certain personal information about you available to companies that Rickly has a strategic relationship with or that perform work for Rickly to provide products and services to you on our behalf. These companies may help us process information, extend credit, fulfill customer orders, deliver products to you, manage and enhance customer data, provide customer service, assess your interest in our products and services, or conduct customer research or satisfaction surveys. These companies are also obligated to protect your personal information in accordance with Rickly's policies.
At times we may be required by law or litigation to disclose personal information. We may also disclose information if we determine that for national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance, disclosure is necessary.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
Rickly may update this privacy policy from time to time. When we change the policy in a material way a notice will be posted on our website along with the updated privacy policy.
Our Company-Wide Commitment To Your Privacy
As we said, Rickly takes protecting your privacy very seriously. To make sure your personal information is secure, we communicate these guidelines to Rickly employees and strictly enforce privacy safeguards within the company. In addition, Rickly supports industry initiatives to preserve privacy rights on the Internet and in all aspects of electronic commerce.
Questions & Suggestions
If you have questions, concerns or suggestions, please email us at sales@rickly.com or you can contact us at:
Rickly Hydrological Co., Inc.Customer Care - Privacy Policy Issues 1700 Joyce AvenueColumbus, OH 43219Phone: 614-297-9877Fax: 614-297-9878
1700 JOYCE AVENUE
COLUMBUS, OH 43219
800-561-9677 (US Only)  |  614.297.9877  |  FAX: 614.297.9878
sales@rickly.com
Copyright © 2020 Rickly Hydrological Co., Inc.. Sitemap