https://rodaleinstitute.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
We are committed to your privacy. We do not collect personally identifying information about you when you visit our website unless you choose to voluntarily provide it. The policies below outline how we handle information you provide.
Our commitment to our donors
We will not sell, share or trade our donors’ names or personal information with any other entity, nor send mailings to our donors on behalf of other organizations. This policy applies to all information received both online and offline, on any platform, as well as any electronic, written, or oral communications. To the extent that any donations are processed through a third-party service provider, our donors’ information will only be used for purposes necessary to process the donation.
Use of text and images
Text and images published on this website may not be used or replicated without express permission from Rodale Institute staff. Please email info@rodaleinstitute.org. Where text or images are posted on our site with the permission of the original copyright holder, a copyright statement appears at the bottom of the page.
Accessibility
This website is designed to be accessible to visitors with disabilities, and to comply with federal guidelines concerning accessibility. We welcome your comments on how we can improve—please contact info@rodaleinstitute.org.
Reading or downloading
We collect and store only the following information about you: the name of the domain from which you access the Internet (for example, aol.com if you are connecting from an America Online account, or princeton.edu if you are connecting from Princeton University’s domain), the date and time you access our site, and the Internet address of the website from which you found our site. We use this information to track the number of visitors to our website and help make the site more user-friendly.
Online profile updates and donations
If you complete the profile update form and share your personally identifying information, we will use it only to provide you with more targeted content. We may use your contact information to send further information about our organization or to contact you when necessary. You can always opt-out of receiving future mailings.
Opt-out or change your contact information
You can opt-out of receiving communications through an online form. You may choose to receive only specific communications or none at all. You may also update your contact information previously provided to us through another online form.
Sending us an email
You also may decide to send us personally identifying information, for example, in an electronic mail message containing a question or comment, or by filling out a web form that provides us this information. We use personally identifying information from email primarily to respond to your requests. We may forward your email to other employees who are better able to answer you questions. We may also use your email to contact you in the future about our programs that may be of interest.
We want to be very clear: We will not obtain personally identifying information about you when you visit our site unless you choose to provide such information to us. Providing such information is strictly voluntary. Except as might be required by law, we do not share any information we receive with any outside parties.
If you sign up for one of our email lists, we will only send you the kinds of information you have requested. We won’t share your name or email address with any outside parties.
Kids and Privacy
For children who visit our site, special rules apply. We do not request personal information about children such as name or address. When kids send us email us, their online contact information (email address) is not used to re-contact them and is not maintained in retrievable form.
Comments on Articles or Blog Posts
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. audio, videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Questions about our policies
If you have any questions about this privacy statement or the practices of this site, contact us at info@rodaleinstitute.org, (610) 683-1400 or by writing to Rodale Institute, 611 Siegfriedale Road, Kutztown, PA 19530.