https://rtpi.org.uk/site-pages/privacy-policy/
RTPI | Privacy policy
Skip to main content
MEnu-cancel
RTPI_LOGO
Login
Launch Search Modal
Need Planning Advice
Join us
Login
New
Arrow
New from the institute
Media, Marketing and Public Affairs Contacts
RTPI Blog
Brexit
Resource Planners for Climate Change
Coronavirus
Plan The World We Need
Corporate Strategy Hub
News
What does a place designed to promote good mental health loo…
Press Releases
/
09 Oct 2020
News
Announcing RTPI Vice President 2021 - Voting is now open fo…
Press Releases
/
21 Aug 2020
Coronavirus
Membership
Arrow
Membership
About RTPI membership
Assessment of Professional Competence
Administration fees
Professional standards
Subscriptions
Volunteering
CPD and learning
Careers support
RTPI Learning Partners
CPD
Apply
Profile
Find your RTPI
Arrow
Nations
RTPI Cymru
RTPI Ireland
RTPI Northern Ireland
RTPI Scotland
International
English Regions
East Midlands
East of England
London
North East
North West
South East
South West
West Midlands
Yorkshire
Scottish Chapters
Central Scotland
Dumfries and Galloway
East of Scotland
Grampian
Highlands and Islands
South East Scotland
West of Scotland
Networks
Independent Consultants’ Network
Planning Education and Research Network
National Association of Planning Enforcement (NAPE)
RTPI/ CIH Planning for Housing Network
Transport Planning
Urban Design Network
RTPI Young Planners
Policy and Research
Arrow
About the Team
Practice
Political Engagement
Topics
Programmes
RTPI Library Series
Research
Probity and the Professional Planner
Five Reasons For Climate Justice in Spatial Planning
Child Friendly Planning in the UK: A Review
Become a Planner
Arrow
About Planning
Bursaries
Meet a Planner
Resources for Teachers
RTPI Ambassadors
Careers support
Study at University
What a town planner does
Apprenticeships
Events, Training and Awards
Arrow
Events, Training and Awards
Events Calendar
Conferences
Awards and Social
Training
Updates
Online
RTPI Learn
Awards for Planning Excellence in the RTPI English Regions
RTPI Training
FAQs
Launch Search
Enter search terms
Search Site
Need Planning Advice
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
LINKedin TO THE PAST
Instagram
YouTube
Close Menu
Open Menu
Privacy policy
Share
RTPI Privacy policy
1. Who we are
The Royal Town Planning Institute is a learned society incorporated by Royal Charter. We are a registered charity in England and Wales (262865) (Scotland (SC 037841). We also run the following companies and charities: RTPI Services Ltd (company no 2463662), Scottish Town Planning Institute (company no 145741), RTPI Services ITA Ltd (Company number: 5018796), RTPI Trust, charity number 1041078, George Pepler International Award, charity number: 313369, Planning Aid Trust Company number: 04259433 Charity number: 1092185 and National Council for Housing and Planning (also known as ROOM) Company: 496385 Charity no: 252002. This privacy policy applies to all entities listed above.
This Privacy Policy relates to information which is obtained by the RTPI and for which the RTPI is the Data Controller.
This privacy policy sets out how the RTPI uses and protects any information that you give to the RTPI when you use this website.
What we collect
What we do with the information that we gather
Security
How we use cookies
Links to other websites
Your choices and obligations
Other important information
The RTPI is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
The RTPI may change this policy from time to time and we will contact you to let you know of any substantive changes.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name and job title
contact information including email address, postal address and telephone number
sensitive information including gender, disabilities and ethnicity
preferences and interests
financial payment information
What we do with the information that we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
Improve our products and services.
To send updates and information we think you may be interested in as part of supporting your professional development including news, research findings, training, events etc
To send you subscription renewal notices and reminders.
To enable the effective running of events ie bookings, sharing your name and organisation on delegate lists with other delegates and speakers
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you personally. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail.
To customise the website according to your interests in the future
Share the data with selected partners including Redactive (publisher of The Planner)
If you sign up to the Independent Consultants' Network Email Discussion Forum, your contact details (among other information) can be seen   by other members of the Forum
If you are a member of any of the governance bodies your data will be shared with the other members of that body to enable its effective function
To enable you to take part in the democracy of the RTPI including elections for Board, GA and the Vice President, committees at a national and local level
To inform you of statutory events such as the AGM
To meet our charitable reporting duties
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect.
If you pay your fees by credit or debit card, we will not retain your card details after processing your payment. You will need to resubmit this information for future transactions.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use Google Analytics to collect information about how visitors use the website. This measurement service enables us to monitor and improve how the RTPI website is used. These cookies collect your data anonymously.
We use cookies in some other ways which help us to provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. They also enable us to provide our members with services such as access to member-only content or profile details. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Your choices and obligations
We keep most of your personal data for as long as your membership is open or you are in contact with us.
We keep some of your data even after you end your relationship with us.
You can access or delete your personal data. You have many choices about how your data is collected, used and shared.
Rights to Access and Control Your Personal Data
You can access or delete your personal data. You have many choices about how your data is collected, used and shared which we manage through our consent centre and speaking with us.
If you would like more information, or have any questions about this policy, please contact: Governance, RTPI, 41 Botolph Lane, London EC3R 8DL or email governance@rtpi.org.uk
To make a formal complaint about the RTPI's approach to data protection or raise privacy concerns directly with our data protection team, Governance, RTPI, 41 Botolph Lane, London EC3R 8DL or email dataprotection@rtpi.org.uk
You also have the right to make a complaint direct to the UK's data protection authority, the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO). The ICO can be contacted at: https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/
Concerns can be also be logged via the ICO website.
Other important information
We monitor for, and try to prevent, security breaches.
Cross-Border Data Transfers - We process data both inside and outside of the United Kingdom. Where we transfer data we do so either within the EEA or through written contract terms.
Updated 16 December 2019
RTPI_LOGO
Useful Links
Useful Links
About the RTPI
Contact us
Work for us
Useful information
Useful information
Privacy policy
Accessibility
Terms and conditions
Contact us
Contact us
The Royal Town Planning Institute
41 Botolph Lane
London
EC3R 8DL
contact@rtpi.org.uk
020 7929 9494
Follow us
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
LINKedin TO THE PAST
Instagram
YouTube
© 2020 RTPI. The RTPI is a charity registered in England (262865) and Scotland (SC 037841)
Website by Mentor Digital
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best possible experience. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with this. You can find out more about how we use cookies here. If you would like to know more about cookies, or how you can delete them, click here.
Continue