http://russellsoc.org/privacy-policy/
Home
About
History
Sir Arthur Russell
Presidents
Russell Medal
Council
AGM
Constitution
Membership
Branches
Publications
The Journal
The Newsletter
Articles
Events
Gallery
Safety
News
Contact
Members Only
This privacy policy sets out how The Russell Society uses and protects any information that you give The Russell Society when you use this website.
The Russell Society is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
The Russell Society may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 21st June 2015.
What The Russell Society may collect
The Russell Society may collect the following information:
Name
Email address
Subject matter of your enquiry
Your message
What The Russell Society will do with the information gathered
The Russell Society requires this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
Responding to your enquiry.
The Russell Society may periodically send promotional emails about events, news or other information which The Russell Society thinks you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
Security
The Russell Society is committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure The Russell Society has put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information collected online.
How The Russell Society uses cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
The Russell Society uses traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps analyse data about web page traffic and improve the website in order to tailor it to customer needs. This information is only used only for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages visitors find useful and which visitors do not. A cookie in no way gives The Russell Society access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share.
Links to other websites
This website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest easily. However, once you have used these links to leave this site, you should note that The Russell Society does not have any control over that other website. Therefore, The Russell Society cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
The Russell Society will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless The Russell Society has your permission or is required by law to do so.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please contact The Russell Society using the Contact section of this website.
If you believe that any information The Russell Society is holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please contact The Russell Society by email as soon as possible using the Contact section on the website. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.