http://samswebsite.com/en/aboutus/terms
Manuals
Search
Browse by Brand
Types of Manuals
Indexes & References
Request a Manual
My Downloads
Subscriptions
View Cart
About Us
Our Team
Contact Us
Login
Username
Password
Terms of Use
The Photofact® website is comprised of various web pages operated by SAMS Technical Publishing.
Including, but not limited to samswebsite.com, photofactonline.com and photofactondemand.com.
The Photofact® website is offered to you conditioned on your acceptance without modification of the terms, conditions, and notices contained herein. Your use of the Photofact® website constitutes your agreement to all such terms, conditions, and notices.
Modification of these terms of use
Links to third party sites
No unlawful or prohibited use
Use of communications services
Materials provided to SAMS Technical Publishing or posted at any SAMS Technical Publishing website
Termination/access restriction
Copyright and trademark notices
Guarantee
Shipping
Returns
Trademarks
Liability Disclaimer
Modification of these terms of use:
SAMS Technical Publishing reserves the right to change the terms, conditions, and notices under which the Photofact® website is offered, including but not limited to the charges associated with the use of the Photofact® website.
Links to third party sites:
The Photofact® website may contain links to other websites ("Linked Sites"). The linked sites are not under the control of SAMS Technical Publishing and SAMS Technical Publishing is not responsible for the contents of any linked site, including without limitation any link contained in a linked site, or any changes or updates to a linked site. SAMS Technical Publishing is not responsible for webcasting or any other form of transmission received from any linked site. SAMS Technical Publishing is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by SAMS Technical Publishing of the site or any association with its operators.
No unlawful or prohibited use:
As a condition of your use of the Photofact® website, you warrant to SAMS Technical Publishing that you will not use the Photofact® website for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these terms, conditions, and notices. You may not use the Photofact® website in any manner which could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the Photofact® website or interfere with any other party's use and enjoyment of the Photofact® website. You may not obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available or provided for through the Photofact® website.
Use of communications services:
The Photofact® website may contain bulletin board services, blogs, classified ads, chat rooms, news groups, forums, communities, personal web pages, calendars, and/or other message or communication facilities designed to enable you to communicate with the public at large or with a group (collectively, "Communication Services"), you agree to use the Communication Services only to post, send and receive messages and material that are proper and related to the particular Communication Service. By way of example, and not as a limitation, you agree that when using a Communication Service, you will not:
Defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise violate the legal rights (such as rights of privacy and publicity) of others.
Publish, post, upload, distribute or disseminate any inappropriate, profane, defamatory, infringing, obscene, indecent or unlawful topic, name, material or information.
Upload files that contain software or other material protected by intellectual property laws (or by rights of privacy of publicity) unless you own or control the rights thereto or have received all necessary consents.
Upload files that contain viruses, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of another's computer.
Advertise or offer to sell or buy any goods or services for any business purpose, unless such Communication Service specifically allows such messages.
Conduct or forward surveys, contests, pyramid schemes or chain letters.
Download any file posted by another user of a Communication Service that you know, or reasonably should know, cannot be legally distributed in such manner.
Falsify or delete any author attributions, legal or other proper notices or proprietary designations or labels of the origin or source of software or other material contained in a file that is uploaded.
Restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the Communication Services.
Violate any code of conduct or other guidelines which may be applicable for any particular Communication Service.
Harvest or otherwise collect information about others, including e-mail addresses, without their consent.
Violate any applicable laws or regulations.
SAMS Technical Publishing has no obligation to monitor the Communication Services. However, SAMS Technical Publishing reserves the right to review materials posted to a Communication Service and to remove any materials in its sole discretion. SAMS Technical Publishing reserves the right to terminate your access to any or all of the Communication Services at any time without notice for any reason whatsoever.
SAMS Technical Publishing reserves the right at all times to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, or to edit, refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part, in SAMS Technical Publishing’s sole discretion.
Always use caution when giving out any personally identifying information about yourself or your children in any Communication Service. SAMS Technical Publishing does not control or endorse the content, messages or information found in any Communication Service and, therefore, SAMS Technical Publishing specifically disclaims any liability with regard to the Communication Services and any actions resulting from your participation in any Communication Service. Managers and hosts are not authorized SAMS Technical Publishing spokespersons, and their views do not necessarily reflect those of SAMS Technical Publishing.
Materials uploaded to a Communication Service may be subject to posted limitations on usage, reproduction and/or dissemination. You are responsible for adhering to such limitations if you download the materials.
Materials provided to SAMS Technical Publishing or posted at any SAMS Technical Publishing website:
SAMS Technical Publishing does not claim ownership of the materials you provide to SAMS Technical Publishing (including feedback and suggestions) or post, upload, input or submit to any Photofact® website or its associated services (collectively "Submissions"). However, by posting, uploading, inputting, providing or submitting your Submission you are granting SAMS Technical Publishing, its affiliated companies and necessary sub licensees permission to use your Submission in connection with the operation of their internet businesses including, without limitation, the rights to: copy, distribute, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, reproduce, edit, translate and reformat your Submission; and to publish your name in connection with your Submission.
No compensation will be paid with respect to the use of your Submission, as provided herein. SAMS Technical Publishing is under no obligation to post or use any Submission you may provide and may remove any Submission at any time in SAMS Technical Publishing’s sole discretion.
By posting, uploading, inputting, providing or submitting your Submission you warrant and represent that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to your Submission as described in this section including, without limitation, all the rights necessary for you to provide, post, upload, input or submit the Submissions.
Termination/access restriction:
SAMS Technical Publishing reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate your access to the Photofact® website and the related services or any portion thereof at any time, without notice. GENERAL To the maximum extent permitted by law, this agreement is governed by the laws of the State of Indiana, U.S.A. and you hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of courts in Marion County, Indiana, U.S.A. in all disputes arising out of or relating to the use of the Photofact® website. Use of the Photofact® website is unauthorized in any jurisdiction that does not give effect to all provisions of these terms and conditions, including without limitation this paragraph. You agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists between you and SAMS Technical Publishing as a result of this agreement or use of the Photofact® website. SAMS Technical Publishing’s performance of this agreement is subject to existing laws and legal process, and nothing contained in this agreement is in derogation of SAMS Technical Publishing’s right to comply with governmental, court and law enforcement requests or requirements relating to your use of the Photofact® website or information provided to or gathered by SAMS Technical Publishing with respect to such use. If any part of this agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable pursuant to applicable law including, but not limited to, the warranty disclaimers and liability limitations set forth above, then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision and the remainder of the agreement shall continue in effect. Unless otherwise specified herein, this agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the user and SAMS Technical Publishing with respect to the Photofact® website and it supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral or written, between the user and SAMS Technical Publishing with respect to the Photofact® website. A printed version of this agreement and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to this agreement to the same extent an d subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form. It is the express wish to the parties that this agreement and all related documents be drawn up in English.
Copyright and trademark notices:
All contents of the Photofact® website are: Copyright 2008 by SAMS Technical Publishing and/or its suppliers. All rights reserved.
Trademarks:
The names of actual companies and products mentioned herein may be the trademarks of their respective owners.
The example companies, organizations, products, people and events depicted herein are fictitious. No association with any real company, organization, product, person, or event is intended or should be inferred.
Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
Notices and procedure for making claims of copyright infringement:
Pursuant to Title 17, United States Code, Section 512(c)(2), notifications of claimed copyright infringement under United States copyright law should be sent to Service Provider's Designated Agent. ALL INQUIRIES NOT RELEVANT TO THE FOLLOWING PROCEDURE WILL RECEIVE NO RESPONSE. See Notice and Procedure for Making Claims of Copyright Infringement. SAMS Technical Publishing.
Guarantee:
SAMS Technical Publishing guarantees that all SAMS Photofact® and SAMS Quickfact® manuals purchased from any official SAMS website will be the complete manual as originally produced by SAMS.
All Photofact® and Quickfact® manuals are available in electronic format or hard copy.
All Photofacts will contain: a complete set of schematics; voltages; wave forms; component location guides; parts list & service adjustments.
All Quickfact® manuals will contain: a power supply schematic; a board placement diagram with connector charts; component locations; service adjustments and parts list.
OEM User & OEM Service manuals will contain the information as originally written by the manufacturer.
Since SAMS did not create these OEM manuals we are not responsible for the information contained within.
SAMS does strive to only sell those manuals that contain high quality information that include detailed schematics, parts lists and essential repair procedures to aide you in servicing the product or products that need repair.
If the quality of the provided document you receive is not of sufficient quality to allow review of the material, SAMS in it's sole discretion, will provide a higher quality version at no additional charge where available.
Guarantee requests will be considered if received within 14 days of the original "Invoice Date" on your receipt.
You can make your request by contacting SAMS through email at customercare@samswebsite.com or by phone at 1-800-428-7267.
Please include your "Invoice Number" and "Reference Number" from your original receipt and a prefered method for contacting you.
Shipping:
Orders are usually shipped out within 1-2 business days from the time the order is placed and payment is confirmed. Most orders will ship out same day, if at all possible.
Delivery varies depending on your location. Standard shipping is by USPS priority mail and can take anywhere from three to seven business days in the United States.
If outside the United States standard shipping times will vary from three days upwards of three weeks.
Returns:
Electronic Downloads & E-Books: Due to the nature of downloaded material, online downloads and e-books are non-returnable and as such non-refundable products.
Please verify that the download you are purchasing is appropriate for your needs before purchasing. SAMS will not provide returns for items downloaded electronically with the following exceptions. If the item you selected to purchase for download was not correctly delivered to you on your order, then SAMS will provide you with the correct item on your original order at no additional charge.
If the correct purchased item is not available for download, as listed, then SAMS will offer an online credit to your account for a future purchase or a full refund at our sole discretion.
Hard Copy & Shipped Items: SAMS will provide returns on hard copy and shipped items sent to the purchaser if the item on your order is not correctly delivered.
SAMS will either: Provide the correct item at no additional chargeOffer a credit for a future purchaseProvide a refund for the price of the item onlyShipping, Handling and Printing fees are non-refundable.
Return requests will be considered if received within 14 days of the original "Invoice Date" on your receipt.
You can make your request by contacting SAMS through email at customercare@samswebsite.com or by phone at 1-800-428-7267.
Please include your "Invoice Number" and "Reference Number" from your original receipt and a prefered method for contacting you.
Liability Disclaimer:
The information, software, products, and services included in or available through the
Photofact® website may include inaccuracies or typographical errors. Changes are periodically added to the information herein. SAMS Technical Publishing and/or its suppliers may make improvements and/or changes in the
Photofact® website at any time. Advice received via the
Photofact® website should not be relied upon for personal, medical, legal or financial decisions and you should consult an appropriate professional for specific advice tailored to your situation.
SAMS Technical Publishing and/or its suppliers make no representations about the suitability, reliability, availability, timeliness, and accuracy of the information, software, products, services and related graphics contained on the
Photofact® website for any purpose. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, all such information, software, products, services and related graphics are provided "AS IS" without warranty or condition of any kind.
SAMS Technical Publishing and/or its suppliers hereby disclaim all warranties and conditions with regard to this
information, software, products, services and related graphics, including all implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall
SAMS Technical Publishing and/or its suppliers be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special, consequential damages or any damages whatsoever including, without limitation, damages for loss of use, data or profits, arising out of or in any way connected with the use or performance of the Photofact® website, with the delay or inability to use the
Photofact® website or related services, the provision of or failure to provide services, or for any information, software, products, services and related graphics obtained through the Photofact® website, or otherwise arising out of the use of the
Photofact® website, whether based on contract, tort, negligence, strict liability or otherwise, even if SAMS Technical Publishing or any of its suppliers has been advised of the possibility of damages. Because some states/jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, the above limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, the above limitation may not apply to you. If you are dissatisfied with any portion of the
Photofact® website, or with any of these terms of use, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the Photofact® website.
Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | 1-800-428-7267© SAMS Technical Publishing