http://samswebsite.com/en/aboutus/privacy
Manuals
Search
Browse by Brand
Types of Manuals
Indexes & References
Request a Manual
My Downloads
Subscriptions
View Cart
About Us
Our Team
Contact Us
Login
Username
Password
Privacy Policy
SAMS Technical Publishing is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the SAMS Technical Publishing website(s) and governs data collection and usage. By using the SAMS Technical Publishing website(s), you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information:
SAMS Technical Publishing collects personally identifiable information, that you submit to us as part of the ordering or request process, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number.
This information is used solely to process your request and/or ship your order or provide follow up communications related to SAMS Technical Publishing services. SAMS Technical Publishing also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your general geographic location, zip/postal code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites. There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by SAMS Technical Publishing. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by SAMS Technical Publishing for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the SAMS Technical Publishing website(s).
Please keep in mind if you access this website from within a public location, a library, while connected to an insecure network, through a VPN or proxy server or in any other way directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through SAMS Technical Publishing's public message boards, forums, blogs or classified ads this information may be collected and used by others.
It is your responsibility to verify the way in which you are accessing the site and the security of the locations and networks involved. Note: SAMS Technical Publishing does not read any of your private online communications.
SAMS Technical Publishing encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from the SAMS Technical Publishing website(s) so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. SAMS Technical Publishing is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the SAMS Technical Publishing website(s) and Photofact® family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information:
SAMS Technical Publishing collects and uses your personal information to operate the SAMS Technical Publishing website(s) and deliver the services you have requested. SAMS Technical Publishing also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from the SAMS Technical Publishing website(s) and its affiliates. SAMS Technical Publishing may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
SAMS Technical Publishing does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. SAMS Technical Publishing may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, SAMS Technical Publishing may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to SAMS Technical Publishing, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
SAMS Technical Publishing does not collect, use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations.
SAMS Technical Publishing keeps track of the websites and pages our customers visit within SAMS Technical Publishing website(s), in order to determine what SAMS Technical Publishing website(s) services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within SAMS Technical Publishing website(s) to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
SAMS Technical Publishing will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on SAMS Technical Publishing or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of SAMS Technical Publishing; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the SAMS Technical Publishing website(s), or the public.
Use of Cookies:
The SAMS Technical Publishing website(s) use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize SAMS Technical Publishing website(s) pages, or register with SAMS Technical Publishing website(s) or services, a cookie helps the SAMS Technical Publishing website(s) recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same SAMS Technical Publishing website(s) page, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the SAMS Technical Publishing website(s) features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the SAMS Technical Publishing website(s) services or other web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information:
SAMS Technical Publishing secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. SAMS Technical Publishing secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement:
SAMS Technical Publishing will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. SAMS Technical Publishing encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how SAMS Technical Publishing is protecting your information.
Contact Information:
SAMS Technical Publishing welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that SAMS Technical Publishing has not adhered to this Statement, please contact us. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | 1-800-428-7267© SAMS Technical Publishing