https://saturnpcb.com/privacy_policy/
HomePrivacy Policy
Saturn PCB Design, Inc. – Privacy Policy
Saturn PCB Design, Inc. believes that strong electronic privacy is crucial for the ongoing success of the Internet as a service, commercial and entertainment medium, and is committed to protecting your privacy as much as possible. To that end, we have developed a set of policies and practices, which are designed to illustrate the type of information we collect from you, how and where we store the information, with whom we share the information, and how you can choose to opt-out and modify your personal information.
Privacy, Security and Cookies
As a matter of policy, Saturn PCB Design, Inc. does not sell, transfer, or provide information of a personal nature to any other company. However, we do collect information in the aggregate, and use it internally to better serve our customers by analyzing traffic patterns, types of information accessed, length of time spent in certain areas of the site, etc.
No visitor information is sold or traded to other companies.
Your Internet Protocol (IP) address and email address are used to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information. We also use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our website. We may also collect referral data (e.g. the address of the last URL a user visited prior to clicking through to our site) and browser and platform type (e.g. a Netscape browser on a Windows platform) in order to track our relationships with other companies and our aggregate clientele’s interests and needs, but none of it is associated with you as an individual. We may also use the information we collect to notify you about important changes to our website and special offers that might be of interest to you. Users have the option to not receive future communications (see Opt-Out below). We may also collect aggregate search terms for internal reporting and targeted advertising, product monitoring, product improvement and targeted advertising.
Our site uses forms for customers to request information regarding our products and services including pricing and ordering. We collect user-specific contact information (such as email addresses and mailing addresses) and financial information (such as account or credit card numbers) for purposes of ordering and billing for these products and services. Contact information is used by Saturn PCB Design, Inc. to contact the visitor regarding their price quote and/or purchase. We do not sell, rent, trade or transfer this customer-specific information to any third parties. We may provide aggregate statistics about the use of our web site, and customer sales, traffic patterns and other e-commerce related information to reputable third party vendors, but these statistics will have no information, which personally identifies our customers or visitors.
Links to Other Sites
This site contains links to other sites. Saturn PCB Design, Inc. is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Cookies
A cookie is a small bit of text used by a browser to store information. When you visit a site that uses cookies, the Web server will request permission to pass a cookie to your browser. If accepted, it will occupy only a few bytes on your hard drive and can improve your Web surfing experience. Saturn PCB Design, Inc. uses cookies to track customer visits through our site. We use cookies to remember your name and the contents of your shopping cart. This allows you to leave our site, come back later, and still have the contents of your shopping cart intact. It also lets us personalize your experience with us, tailoring the content to your interests. Our website requires the use of cookies. Turning off cookies or rejecting the cookie will prevent you from accessing certain features on our website.
This information enables us to save you time when returning to the site by saving your access information so you don’t have to re-enter it each time you visit. Cookies cannot profile your system or collect information from your hard drive. And although you may receive cookies from many different sites, the Web server that originally issued it can only read each cookie. We do not use cookies to store credit card numbers or other personal identification. You are not identified by name or e-mail address, just by a unique string of numbers that we assign the first time you come to our site.
Passwords
Your Saturn PCB Design, Inc. password is protected so that only you can access it. We recommend that you not divulge your password to anyone, and the Terms of Use of our site require that you not transfer it. Saturn PCB Design, Inc. will not ask you for your password in an unsolicited phone call or e-mail, so do not reveal it to anyone under those circumstances. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords and any account information.
Your Consent
By using our online information and ordering services you consent to the collection of this information within the parameters allowed by our privacy policy. Please note that the information you enter may be transferred outside the European Economic Area for the purposes of processing by Saturn PCB Design, Inc. and its affiliates and in order to maintain accounts for you at other Saturn PCB Design, Inc. websites. By submitting your order, you consent to this transfer. Your personal information may also be used by us and our affiliates to occasionally notify you about important functionality changes to our website, new Saturn PCB Design, Inc. services and special offers that we think may be helpful to you. If you would rather not receive this information, please see the Opt-Out information below.
Online Surveys
We occasionally run our own online surveys and we ask visitors for contact information (such as email address) and demographic information (such as zip code, age, or income level). We use contact data from our surveys to send users information about our company. This information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary. The demographic information is used to learn more about the types of people who visit our site. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see opt-out section below.
Online Discussion Forums
We provide on-line discussion forums to allow visitors to communicate with others. To post a message, you must first set up an account, supplying your name, email address, and a username (nickname) to identify you in the discussion forum. When posting messages, your username (nickname) is displayed, and you can optionally display your email address. However, if you disclose personally identifiable information on our discussion forum, that information is public information and may increase your chance of receiving unsolicited email. You should use discretion when disclosing information on-line.
When You Send email to Saturn PCB Design, Inc.
We provide email links on our “Contact” page that allow you to contact us directly with any questions or comments you may have. We read every message sent in and try to reply promptly to each one. The information you send us is used to respond directly to your questions and comments. We also keep your email correspondence on file so that we may better serve you should you have additional questions in the future.
Changes in this Policy
Saturn PCB Design, Inc. will post any changes to our policy on this page of our website. It is your responsibility to periodically check this privacy policy for changes. We will not individually notify you of any changes, but any changes will apply to you as long as you use our site.
Contact Saturn PCB Design, Inc.
If you have any questions about our privacy policy or your visit to this website, please contact:
Webmaster
Saturn PCB Design, Inc.
2737 Bishop Lane
Deltona, Fl 32725
Phone: 407-340-2668
Terms of Use Agreement
Thank you for visiting www.saturnpcb.com
Saturn PCB Design, Inc. maintains the Site for your information, education and communication. Please feel free to browse the Site.
Saturn PCB Design, Inc. makes available for your use on the Site information, documents, software and products (collectively, the “Materials”) and various services (the “Services”). Your access and use of the Site, the Materials and the Services are subject to the following Terms of Use Agreement (‘Terms of Use’) and all applicable laws. Please review the Terms of Use carefully, and, if you agree to them, please feel free to continue visiting the site.
User Representations
Your Acceptance. You agree to the terms and conditions outlined in this Terms of Use with respect to the Site. You agree to review this Agreement prior to reviewing any information or obtaining any documents. Saturn PCB Design, Inc. may change these Terms of Use at any time by updating the Terms of Use available on the Site. A change in the Terms of Use may include, without limitation, adding to, deleting from, or amending the existing Terms of Use. Any new Terms of Use may address matters that are different than the types of matters that are then contained in the Terms of Use. Saturn PCB Design, Inc. will not provide you with individual notice of any change in the Terms of Use. You should review the Terms of Use prior to using the Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.
Parental Consent for Minors. This Site is established for the sole use of adults, and may not be used by children. Saturn PCB Design, Inc. does not wish to use the Site to obtain any information about children or to market any products or services to children. If you are under the age of 18, you are required to provide Saturn PCB Design, Inc. with written consent from a parent of guardian before using this Site, sending any information about yourself or others, or purchasing any products or services. You must also read, or have your parent or guardian read, the Saturn PCB Design, Inc. Privacy Statement.
Copyright and Trademarks
Copyright. Saturn PCB Design, Inc. 2007. All rights reserved. Everything you see or read on this Site is copyrighted unless otherwise noted and may not be used except as provided in these Terms of Use or with the written permission of Saturn PCB Design, Inc.. Saturn PCB Design, Inc. does not warrant or represent that your use of the materials displayed on the Site will not infringe the rights of third parties not owned or affiliated with Saturn PCB Design, Inc.. In the event you download software from the Site, the software, including any files, images incorporated in or generated by the software, and data accompanying the software (collectively, the Software) are licensed to you by Saturn PCB Design, Inc.. Saturn PCB Design, Inc. does not transfer title to the Software to you. You own the medium on which the Software is recorded, but Saturn PCB Design, Inc. retains full and complete title to the Software and all intellectual property rights in it. You may not redistribute, sell, decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, or otherwise reduce the Software to a readable form. [Any Software is subject to the license granted to you at the time of download.] Please do not distribute, modify, transmit, reuse, repost, or use the content of the site for public or commercial purposes, including the text, software, images, audio, and video without prior written permission from Saturn PCB Design, Inc..
Trademarks.The trademarks, logos, and service marks (collectively the ‘trademarks’) displayed on the Site are registered and unregistered trademarks of Saturn PCB Design, Inc., its affiliates and other third party vendors. Saturn PCB Design, Inc. will enforce its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law.
Content and Liability Disclaimer
Liability. Your use of the Site is at your own risk. While Saturn PCB Design, Inc. strives to include accurate and up-to-date information in the Site, Saturn PCB Design, Inc. makes no warranties or representations as to its accuracy, nor as to its decency, copyright compliance or legality. Saturn PCB Design, Inc., its affiliates, as well as any other party involved in creating, producing, or delivering the Site specifically disclaim any liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content of the Site, or any of the forms, documents or Agreements contained on the Site. In particular, but without limiting the foregoing, Saturn PCB Design, Inc., its affiliates, and any other party involved in creating, producing, or delivering the Site are NOT LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF YOUR ACCESS TO, OR USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE SITE.
Without limiting the foregoing, everything on the Site, including, but not limited to the Materials and Services, is provided to you ‘AS-IS’ AND ‘AS AVAILABLE,’ WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, NON-INGRINGEMENT, COMPATABILITY, SECURITY OR ACCURACY OR FREEDOM FROM COMPUTER VIRUS. Saturn PCB Design, Inc. DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE FUNCTIONS WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE OR THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED. Please note that some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so some of the above exclusions may not apply to you. Check your local laws for any restrictions or limitations regarding the exclusion of implied warranties.
No Substitute for Professional Advice. The forms, agreements and documents within the Site or available through the Site may not be appropriate under the circumstances of a particular transaction. Please consult local laws and regulations, as requirements will vary from state to state.
You assume any and all responsibilities and obligations with respect to any decisions or advice made or given as a result of the use or selection of any information, program or document obtained from the Site.
Links. The Site may contain links to third party Internet sites. The linked sites are not under the control of Saturn PCB Design, Inc., and Saturn PCB Design, Inc. is not responsible for the content of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site. Saturn PCB Design, Inc. reserves the right to terminate any link or linking program at any time. Saturn PCB Design, Inc. does not endorse companies or products to which it links. If you decide to access any of the third party sites linked to the Site, you do so entirely at you own risk.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify Saturn PCB Design, Inc. and its affiliates, directors, officers, employees, vendors and agents from and against any and all liabilities, expenses (including court costs and attorneys’ fees), losses and other damages that are caused by, arise out of, or relate to your use of the Site, including, without limitation, any claim of libel, defamation, violation of rights of privacy or publicity, loss of service by other users of the Site and infringement of intellectual property or other rights. Saturn PCB Design, Inc. will notify you promptly of any claim for which it seeks indemnification and will afford you the opportunity to participate in the defense of such claim, provided that your participation will not be conducted in any manner prejudicial to’
Saturn PCB Design, Inc.’s interests, as reasonably determined by Saturn PCB Design, Inc..
Communication
Any information that is disclosed in forums or message boards, becomes public information and we will collect such information about you as you choose to disclose. If you send submissions (e.g. postings to forums message boards), or if you send any computer code or bug fix or other creative idea, any such submission shall be deemed, and shall remain, the property of Saturn PCB Design, Inc., and Saturn PCB Design, Inc. shall be able to use it without restriction as it sees fit.
Partners and Third Party Vendors
Saturn PCB Design, Inc. Not a Party. The Site allows interactive transactions and access to the sites of its Partners and other third party vendors (collectively ‘Vendors’) from which you may purchase certain goods and services. Saturn PCB Design, Inc. does not control the products or services offered by the Vendors, nor does it control the content of their sites. Unless otherwise stated, Vendors are responsible for all aspects of order processing, fulfillment, billing and customer service. Saturn PCB Design, Inc. is not a party to the transactions between you and the Vendors. Saturn PCB Design, Inc. cannot, and does not, make any representations or warranties as to the security of any information (including without limitation credit card and other personal information) you might be requested to give to any Vendor. You are strongly encouraged to make whatever investigation you feel necessary or appropriate before proceeding with any online or offline transaction with any of these Vendors.
Vendor Policies. All rules, policies (including privacy policies) and operating procedures of Vendors will apply to you while you are on the Vendors’ sites. Saturn PCB Design, Inc. is not responsible for information provided by you to the Vendors. Vendors and Saturn PCB Design, Inc. are independent contractors and neither party has any authority to make any representations or communications on behalf of the other.
Communities
Communities.Through this Site, Saturn PCB Design, Inc. provides access to a message board. The third party content of the Community, including without limitation, the content of a specific message, comment or posting, (collectively ‘Third Party Content’) is provided by and is the sole responsibility of the third party creator of the Community, or the person hosting that Community. Further, some Third Party Content may be offensive, harmful, inaccurate, mislabeled, deceptive or otherwise inappropriate. Saturn PCB Design, Inc. HAS NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR SUCH THIRD PARTY CONTENT AND IS MERELY PROVIDING ACCESS TO SUCH CONTENT AS A SERVICE TO YOU. Saturn PCB Design, Inc. does not endorse or support any opinions expressed in the Communities, nor does it represent or guaranty the truthfulness or accuracy of any information Posted in the Communities. Saturn PCB Design, Inc. DISCLAIMS ALL LIABILITY WITH REGARD TO THE COMMUNITY.
Community Guidelines. You are responsible for your own communications and any consequences thereof. You may only use the Communities to send and receive messages and material that are legal, proper and related to the particular Community. In addition, you must abide by the following Community Guidelines:
While on this Site, you may not:
Impersonate another person or entity or post, publish, upload, or in any way distribute, transmit or disseminate (collectively “Post”) any message anonymously or under a false name;
Defame, harass, threaten, stalk, abuse or otherwise violate the legal rights (such as the rights of privacy and publicity) of others;
Post any obscene, pornographic, profane, or otherwise objectionable information or unlawful information;
Post any material that infringes any patent, copyright, trademark, trade secrets (‘Intellectual Property’) of any party, unless you are the owner of the Intellectual Property or have the permission of the owner to post or transmit such material;
Post any corrupted files, files that contain viruses or other destructive features, or any other software or programs that may corrupt of damage another party’s computer;
Engage in any commercial activities, including advertising or offering to sell any goods or services, unless in a Community intended for commercial activity;
Post chain letters, pyramid schemes, surveys, contests, charity requests or petitions for signatures;
Spam* (see definition below); or
Interfere with, restrict or inhibit other users of this Site.
* Saturn PCB Design, Inc. defines ‘Spam’ as the sending of messages, individually or en masse, to people who did not request it and or would not otherwise choose to receive it regardless of whether sent by a business, an individual or a nonprofit.
Termination of Account. Saturn PCB Design, Inc. may, in its sole discretion, terminate your account(s) if it believes you have violated any of the Community Guidelines, or the Terms of Use.
No Obligation to Monitor. Saturn PCB Design, Inc. has no obligation to monitor or control the Communities except to respond to customer service inquiries. However, Saturn PCB Design, Inc. reserves the right to take such action as it deems appropriate or necessary to comply with any applicable law or regulation, or to edit, refuse to post or remove any information, in whole in part, for any reason, at PCB’s sole discretion.
Accuracy of Information
Information provided on this Site, including information concerning the [products] and its use is deemed reliable but not guaranteed. You should verify any and all statements herein. All listings and information are subject to prior sales or changes without prior notice.
Copyright Complaints
Saturn PCB Design, Inc. may, in appropriate circumstances and at its sole discretion, terminate the accounts of users who infringe the copyright of others. If you believe that your work has been used or is accessible on the Site in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, you may notify Saturn PCB Design, Inc. by providing Saturn PCB Design, Inc.’s copyright agent the following information:
An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest that is allegedly infringed;
A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed, including where the copyrighted work exists or a copy of the copyrighted work;
A description of where on the Site the material that you claim is infringing is located, reasonably sufficient to permit Saturn PCB Design, Inc. to locate the material;
Your address, telephone number, and email address;
A statement that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
A statement from you made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your Notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf.
Applicable Law These Terms of Use shall be treated as though they were executed and performed in San Jose, CA, and shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the United States of America and, to the extent that state law is applicable, by the laws of the State of California (without regard to conflict of law principles). The language in these Terms of Use shall be interpreted in a neutral manner and in accordance with their fair meaning, and any rule of law or legal decision that would require interpretation of any ambiguities in these Terms of Use against the party that has drafted them is not applicable and is waived. All legal proceedings arising out of or in connection with these Terms of Use shall be brought solely in San Jose, California. You expressly submit to the jurisdiction of the federal and state courts located San Jose, California, and you consent to extra-territorial service of process. Saturn PCB Design, Inc. and its affiliates make no warranties or representations that materials on this Site are appropriate or available for use in other locations, and accessing them from territories where their contents are illegal is prohibited. Those who choose to access this Site from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws.
Export
The United States controls the export of products and information. You agree to comply with such restrictions and not to export or re-export the Materials to countries or persons prohibited under the export control laws. By downloading any Materials, you represent that you are not in a country where such export is prohibited and that you are not on the U.S. Commerce Department’s Table of Denial Orders or the U.S. Treasury Department’s list of Specially Designated Nationals.
Credit Cards
Saturn PCB Design, Inc. takes your privacy seriously. We do not share your credit card information with any third party. To protect the security of your credit card information we employ the industry standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology. We also encrypt your credit card number when we store your order and whenever we transmit that information to participating merchants. For further information, see our Privacy Policy.
Passwords
If you elect to register and obtain a password, you represent and warrant that you will not transfer your password, as it is not transferable.
Miscellaneous
Terms of Use Control. In the event that any term or statement elsewhere on this Site conflicts with or is contrary to these Terms of Use, these Terms of Use shall control.
All Rights Reserved. All rights not expressly granted to you in these Terms of Use are reserved to Saturn PCB Design, Inc..
Compliance with Local Laws. You are responsible for compliance with the laws of your local jurisdiction.
Company PresentationPCB DESIGN PROJECTS ServicesPCB Design Services
Electronic Engineering
PCB Manufacturing
PCB Assembly
Software Development
PCB Consulting
In the NewsIndustry Acknowledgments
Designing Power Isolation Filters w/ Ferrite Beads for Altera FPGAs
PCB Layout for the Ethernet PHY Interface
PCB Via Current Investigation