https://sciencex.com/help/adblock/
Ad Blocking software
It appears that you are currently using Ad Blocking software.
While we appreciate your choice, please consider that Science X Network is supported by advertising revenue and that by choosing to read the site without ads,
you're potentially hurting Science X Network’s ability to continue providing the latest sci-tech research and news.
You might consider adding the Phys.org, MedicalXpress.com, TechXplore.com domains to Ad Block exceptions.
By supporting Science X Network in this way, you are helping us pay for hosting, bandwidth,
original content, editorial staff, and the many other costs associated with such a high-quality site.
However, we offer two different options for our readers wishing to either reduce or disable ads:
Register: It’s fast and free, and you will be able to enjoy Science X Network content with less advertising.
You can register here.
Become a contributing supporter: If you prefer the ads be disabled altogether, consider making a donation which will
support the maintenance and continuation of Science X Network. This option allows all ads to be removed from Science X Network.
Learn more about making a donation here.
Thanks for reading and considering helping us. No matter what you choice is, we will always be happy to see you on our pages and will strive to make you a satisfied reader.
If you received this in error, please ignore the warning and/or contact website support via the contact us page.
User Privacy
Many users are concerned about advertising privacy and 3rd-party tracking.
Most web browsers are set by default to protect your privacy unless you opt for tracking yourself.
For example, Internet Explorer automatically enables its “Do Not Track” option and Google Chrome blocks any 3rd-party cookies by default.
All browsers have clear settings regarding your privacy that allow you to view ads without compromising your identity.
In the event that your browser is set to allow tracking, Science X Network’s policy is to partner with a select few trusted advertising
agencies that use only anonymous data to improve the quality and relevance of displayed ads.