https://scientech-inc.com/privacy-policy/
Menu
Search
My Account
Cart
Search
Sign In
Create an Account
Skip to Content
Call 1-800-525-0522
Welcome to Scientech!
Compare Products
Menu
Home
Electronic WeighingSeries 12000Analytical BalancesPrecision BalancesLaboratory BalancesGeneral Purpose BalancesSeries 12000 Calibration Weights & AccessoriesZeta SeriesSemi Micro BalancesAnalytical BalancesPrecision BalancesNTEP - Legal for Trade BalanceLaboratory BalancesZeta Calibration Weights & AccessoriesIndustry Solution BalancesCustom Weighing SolutionsLaser Power MeasurementCalorimetersAstral Series CalorimetersAstral Calorimeters, 8mm to 25mmAstral Calorimeters, 16mm & 50mmAstral 100mm Aperture CalorimetersAstral 200mm Aperture CalorimeterVector Series CalorimetersVector Calorimeters, 8mm & 25mmVector Calorimeters, 16mm & 50mmVector 100MM Large Aperture CalorimetersVector 200mm Large Aperture CalorimetersRadiation Pressure SeriesMPM - Momentum Power MeterMPPM - Material Processing Power MeterPyroelectric DetectorsVector Series Pyroelectric DetectorsVector Series Pyroelectric DetectorsPower MetersAstral Series Power MetersVector Series Power MetersLaser Power Measurement AccessoriesAstral Series AccessoriesVector Series AccessoriesCustom Laser MeasurementServices & SupportMachine Shop ServicesMachining ServicesCustom Product Development and ManufactureProduct Repair and RMAProduct RepairWarrantyProduct SupportProduct CalibrationHow To Use VideosOperating ManualsEvent & Knowledge CenterEventsTrade Shows & ExhibitionsKnowledge CenterCalibrating Your BalanceVideosOperating ManualsPublished PapersQuick Start GuidesSupplier DocumentsAbout UsNewsroomJobs & CareersAboutQualityContact Us
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Scientech Privacy Policy
Scientech Inc. (“we,” “us,” or the “Company”) wants you to be familiar with how we collect, use, and disclose information. This Privacy Policy describes our practices in connection with information that we collect through https://Scientechinc.com or https://Scientech-inc.com operated by us. By using this Website, you agree to this Privacy Policy.
Personal Information
“Personal Information” is information that identifies you as an individual or relates to an identifiable individual, including:
Name
Postal address
Telephone number
Email address
Credit and debit card number
We need to collect and process these types of Personal Information in order to provide the requested Services to you, or because we are legally required to do so. If you do not provide the information that we request, we may not be able to provide you with the requested Services.
Collection of Personal Information
We may collect Personal Information in a variety of ways, including:
Through our Services: We may collect Personal Information through the Services, e.g., when you send us a Scientech product for repair or calibration.
From Other Sources: We may receive your Personal Information from other sources, such as public databases, marketing services, social media platforms and from other third parties.
Use of Personal Information
We use Personal Information for legitimate business purposes, including the following:
Providing our Products and Services and fulfilling your requests.To respond to your inquiries, fulfill your requests, complete your transactions, and provide you with related customer service.
To send administrative information to you, such as marketing or product support communications that we believe may be of interest.
To allow you to complete contact forms on our website to obtain information concerning Scientech Products and Services.
We will engage in activities to manage our contractual relationship with you and/or to comply with a legal obligation.
Analysis of Personal Information for business reporting and providing services.
To personalize your experience on the Services by presenting products, support and offers tailored to you.
We will provide personalized services either with your consent or because we have a legitimate interest.
Accomplishing our business purposes.For data analysis, such as to improve the efficiency of our Services;
For audits, to verify that our internal processes function as intended and are compliant with legal, regulatory, or contractual requirements;
For fraud and security monitoring purposes, such as to detect and prevent cyberattacks or attempts to commit identity theft;
For developing new products and services;
For enhancing, improving, or modifying our Services;
For identifying usage trends, such as understanding which parts of our Services are of most interest to users;
For determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns, so that we can adapt our campaigns to the needs and interests of our users; and
For operating and expanding our business activities, such as understanding which parts of our Services are of most interest to our users so we can focus our energies on meeting our users’ interests.
We engage in these activities to manage our contractual relationship with you, to comply with a legal obligation, and/or because we have a legitimate interest.
Disclosure of Personal Information
Your Personal Information may be disclosed:
Scientech Inc. is the party responsible for the management of the Personal Information.
To our third-party service providers who provide services such as website hosting, data analysis, payment processing, order fulfillment, information technology and related infrastructure provision, customer service, email delivery, auditing and other services.
To third parties, to permit them to send you marketing communications, consistent with your choices.
By you, on contact forms, chat, profile pages and blogs and other services to which you are able to post information and content. Please note that any information you post or disclose through these services will become public and may be available to other users and the general public.
Other Uses and Disclosures
We may also use and disclose your Personal Information as we believe to be necessary or appropriate, especially when we have a legal obligation or legitimate interest to do so: (a) to comply with applicable law, which may include laws outside your country of residence, to respond to requests from public and government authorities, which may include authorities outside your country of residence, to cooperate with law enforcement, or for other legal reasons; (b) to enforce applicable terms and conditions; and (c) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or intellectual property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others.
In addition, we have a legitimate interest in using, disclosing or transferring your information to a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
Other Information
“Other Information” is any information that does not reveal your specific identity or does not directly relate to an identifiable individual, such as:
Browser and device information
Information collected through cookies, pixel tags and other technologies
Demographic information and other information provided by you that does not reveal your specific identity
Information that has been aggregated in a manner such that it no longer reveals your specific identity
Scientech does not collect Other Information. However, we may use services that do collect Other Information.
Collection of Other Information
Our service providers may collect Other Information in a variety of ways, including:
Through your browser or device: Certain information is collected by most browsers or automatically through your device, such as your Media Access Control (MAC) address, computer type (Windows or Macintosh), operating system, Internet browser and the name and version of the Services you are using. This information is used to ensure that the Services function properly.
Using cookies: Cookies are pieces of information stored directly on the computer that you are using. Cookies allow service providers to collect information such as browser type, time spent on the Services, pages visited, language preferences, and other anonymous traffic data. Our service providers use the information for security purposes, to facilitate navigation, to display information more effectively, and to personalize your experience. Our service providers may also gather statistical information about use of the Services in order to continually improve their design and functionality, understand how they are used and assist us with resolving questions regarding them. Cookies further allow the selection of which of our offers are most likely to appeal to you and display them while you are on the Services. If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, most browsers allow you to automatically decline cookies or be given the choice of declining or accepting a particular cookie (or cookies) from a particular website. You may also wish to refer to http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/index.html. If, however, you do not accept cookies, you may experience some inconvenience in your use of the Services. You also may not receive advertising or other offers from us that are relevant to your interests and needs.
Analytics: We use Google Analytics, which uses cookies and similar technologies to collect and analyze information about use of the Services and report on activities and trends. This service may also collect information regarding the use of other websites, apps and online resources. You can learn about Google’s practices by going to www.google.com/policies/privacy, and opt out of them by downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on, available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
IP Address: Your IP address is automatically assigned to your computer by your Internet Service Provider. An IP address may be identified and logged automatically in our server log files whenever a user accesses the Services, along with the time of the visit and the page(s) that were visited. Collecting IP addresses is standard practice and is done automatically by many websites, applications and other services. We use IP addresses for purposes such as calculating usage levels, diagnosing server problems and administering the Services.
Third-Party Services
This Privacy Policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy, information or other practices of any third parties, including any third party operating any website or service to which the Services link. The inclusion of a link on the Services does not imply endorsement of the linked site or service by us.
In addition, we are not responsible for the information collection, use, disclosure or security policies or practices of other organizations, such as Google, Microsoft or any other developer, social media platform provider, operating system provider, wireless service provider or device manufacturer, including with respect to any Personal Information you disclose to other organizations through or in connection with Social Media Pages.
Third Party Advertising
We may use third-party advertising companies to serve advertisements regarding goods and services that may be of interest to you when you access and use the Services and other websites or online services, based on information relating to your access to and use of the Services and other websites or online services on any of your devices, as well as on information received from third parties. To do so, these companies may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser. They may also use these technologies, along with information they collect about your online use, to recognize you across the devices you use, such as a mobile phone and a laptop.
Security
We seek to use reasonable organizational, technical and administrative measures designed to protect Personal Information within our organization. Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure, please immediately notify us using the “Contact Us” form.
Choices And Access
We give you choices regarding our use and disclosure of your Personal Information for marketing purposes. You may opt-out from:
Receiving electronic communication from us: If you no longer want to receive marketing-related emails from us on a going-forward basis, you may opt-out by following the instructions contained in each such email or you can withdraw this consent at any time. We will try to comply with your request(s) as soon as reasonably practicable. Please note that if you opt-out of receiving marketing-related emails from us, we may still send you important administrative messages, from which you cannot opt-out.
If you would like to request to review, correct, update, suppress, restrict or delete Personal Information that you have previously provided to us, you may contact us by emailing inst@Scientechinc.com. We will respond to your request consistent with applicable law.
In your request, please make clear what Personal Information you would like to have changed, whether you would like to have your Personal Information suppressed from our database or otherwise let us know what limitations you would like to put on our use of your Personal Information. For your protection, we will only implement requests with respect to the Personal Information associated with the particular email address that you use to send us your request, and we may need to verify your identity before implementing your request. We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable.
Please note that we may need to retain certain information for recordkeeping purposes and/or to complete any transactions that you began prior to requesting a change or deletion. There may also be residual information that will remain within our databases and other records, which will not be removed.
Retention Period
We will retain your Personal Information for as long as needed or permitted in light of the purpose(s) for which it was obtained. The criteria used to determine our retention periods include: (i) the length of time we have an ongoing relationship with you to provide Services to you; (ii) when we have legal obligation to which we are subject; or (iii) as advisable in light of our legal position (such as in regard to applicable statutes of limitations, litigation or regulatory investigations).
Use Of Services By Minors
The Services are not directed to individuals under the age of sixteen (16), and we do not knowingly collect Personal Information from individuals under sixteen (16).
Jurisdiction And Cross-Border Transfer
Your Personal Information may be stored and processed in any country in which we engage service providers, and by using the Services you consent to the transfer of information to countries outside of your country of residence, including the United States, which may have data protection rules that are different from those of your country. In certain circumstances, courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies or security authorities in those other countries may be entitled to access your Personal Information.
Additional information regarding the EEA: Some of the non-EEA countries are recognized by the European Commission as providing an adequate level of data protection according to EEA standards (the full list of these countries is available at https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection_en). For transfers from the EEA to countries not considered adequate by the European Commission, we have put in place adequate measures adopted by the European Commission to protect your Personal Information.
Updates To This Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy. The revision date in the footer of this Privacy Policy indicates when this Privacy Policy was last revised. Any changes will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on our website. Your use of the Services following these changes means that you accept the revised Privacy Policy.
Contacting Us
Scientech Inc. is the company responsible for collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Information under this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at inst@Scientechinc.com, or:
Marketing Scientech, Inc.
5649 Arapahoe Avenue Boulder, CO 80303
Shop Site
Home
Electronic Weighing
Laser Power/Energy
Support
Machine Shop Services
Customer Service
Contact
Calibration & Repair
Laser Warranty Information
Balance Warranty Information
Site Map
Scientech
About Us
Videos
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Copyright © 2019 Scientech Inc. All Rights Reserved