https://searchcio.techtarget.com/post/Ensuring-your-cybersecurity-teams-are-helping-the-business
Ensuring your cybersecurity teams are helping the business
SearchCIO
Search the TechTarget Network
Sign-up now. Start my free, unlimited access.
Login
Register
Techtarget Network
News
Features
Tips
More Content
Answers
Buyer's Guides
Definitions
Essential Guides
Opinions
Photo Stories
Podcasts
Quizzes
Tutorials
Sponsored Communities
SearchCIO
Topic
Cybersecurity
CIO mission
Cloud computing
Digital business transformation
BI and big data
Mobile strategy
Apps, infrastructure and operations
All Topics
SubTopic
All Subtopics
Data privacy
Security management
GRC
All Subtopics
Follow:
Arsgera - Fotolia
Manage
Learn to apply best practices and optimize your operations.
Ensuring your cybersecurity teams are helping the business
Business leaders need to review how they're handling cybersecurity oversight. Are leaders asking the right questions and understanding how their cybersecurity program currently works?
Share this item with your network:
By  Nick VigierGuest Contributor
Published: 22 Sep 2020
Oversight of cybersecurity programs, whether at the board or executive leadership levels, has always been a challenge. Typical questions that officers and directors ask range from the broad, "Are we secure?" to more detailed questions about metrics, such as, "How many vulnerabilities did you fix last quarter?" The answers to these questions may not help to indicate true program effectiveness. These types of queries often signal a lack of understanding about ways to hold cybersecurity teams accountable, and a lack of vision about how cybersecurity can actually help grow the business.
Attempts have been made to help cyber outsiders ask the right questions of security team leaders to improve the effectiveness of executive oversight. The National Association of Corporate Directors has put out some great guidance on what questions to ask, and what approaches to take when expanding IT security's role to more of an enterprise risk mandate. The more that boards and leadership teams understand the wide-ranging responsibilities of cybersecurity teams, the better they can hold them to account.
Pivot the cybersecurity oversight mindset
Chief Information Security Officers (CISO) should be held responsible for more than their perspectives on risk. When thinking through the prism of a traditional SWOT (Strengths, Weaknesses, Opportunities and Threats) model, cybersecurity oversight typically hones in on the weaknesses and threats side of the equation. CISOs tend to heavily index in these areas to address the issues that may prevent a business from meeting its objectives. However, by staying in the weaknesses and threats quadrants, cybersecurity becomes more an insurance program than a potential growth driver.
Though it isn't wrong to think about the threats and weaknesses from an oversight and risk management perspective, it usually leads to financial dialogues that sound like insurance policy purchase discussions. Questions like, "What percentage of IT spend should the cybersecurity budget be?" are used to make appropriations decisions at budget time; this is similar to determining the price of insurance coverage on your business or your house based on its value. The conversation should actually be far more nuanced, because otherwise it omits the strengths and opportunities side of the equation. The key pivot to make is from an insurance mindset to an investment opportunity mindset that stimulates growth, addresses weaknesses or accomplishes both at once.
Changing the mindset to focus on strengths and opportunities completely alters the tenor of the dialogue and the potential outcomes. Of course, cybersecurity and risk management are used to protect the business by addressing weaknesses and threats, but what if there are ways to also hold cyber teams accountable for identifying the strengths and opportunities? Are there areas of the business that teams are not currently focused on that an organization could be the best in the world at? It's entirely possible that a CISO working across the entire business may have exactly those insights to share. Lines of questioning around strengths and opportunities tend to expand the mindset rather than weaknesses and threats, which tend to shrink the thought process.
By not limiting focus to weaknesses and threats, leadership gets more out of CISOs by asking them to leverage their knowledge and to grow their own perspectives on the business. It is a straightforward, linear process to think about how to prevent the negatives, but the data should exist in the cybersecurity mindset to also generate business-level ideas. Not only should companies hold cybersecurity leaders to account for protecting the business, but they should be able to use their knowledge to move forward strategic strengths and opportunities.
As a corollary example, businesses do not expect CFOs to think solely about protecting the finances of an organization. They are also expected to think of ways to grow the top and bottom lines, whether by generating ideas about new products or revenue streams, or by improving organizational efficiencies. To truly earn their seat at the table, CISOs must be expected to think in a similar way.
New lines of questioning and accountability
In any meeting, the goal is to leave with new insights and new directions for oversight, approval processes or obtaining feedback. CISOs need to be challenged to think about their work from the perspective of business improvement and contributions to overall business objectives by generating strengths and opportunities.
The best example of this is when security "shifts left" in a development process to be more integrated when the engineers write code rather than waiting to test a finished product. The latter approach is highly disruptive to engineers who must interrupt their work to stop and fix problems in the process of iterative repair. The traditional KPIs for shifting left in the development process include metrics such as a decrease in the number of vulnerabilities or defects since they are now caught earlier in the process. While this is an effective measure of impact from a cybersecurity lens, it does little to truly highlight the business impact.
The true impacts of this statistic are that fewer defects mean increased efficiency for engineers, less reworked code, faster product releases and faster revenue capture for new features and products. While it is important to highlight the decrease in vulnerabilities, the opportunity achieved was decreased time to market. As an added benefit, a new strength may be an increased awareness from engineers on how to write secure code. This new strength could also be measured to show increased efficiency over time and subsequently a product differentiator in the marketplace.
When considering lines of questioning for a CISO, challenge them to think about how to grow the business, highlight strengths and explore opportunities. Questions that may complement more traditional risk oversight questions include:
How have you decreased friction (or increased output) in the product development lifecycle?
What product improvements can we make to differentiate us in the marketplace?
What is your trend on decreasing vendor onboarding times or decreasing the length of the sales cycle?
What percentage of time are teams spending investigating or responding to security- related issues? How is that tracking over time?
How are you growing the total addressable market of our products and services?
Obviously, questions will be dependent on business type, but the shift in CISO mindset and oversight is crucial. With this shift, CISOs are forced to look outside the walls of their team, better understand the business, thereby generating more productive insights. All too often, CISOs are asked to measure things in an insular fashion which only increases the myopia. CISOs and their teams can be leveraged more effectively by broadening the lens and asking questions that include all aspects of the SWOT model.
About the author Nick Vigier is a CxO advisor of Cyber Strategy at Coalfire. Vigier is a technology and security leader focused on innovation to drive business results. In his 15 years of security leadership, he has focused on building high-performance teams to ensure security is a business driver rather than a cost center. In his current role at Coalfire, he takes his learnings as a CISO and CIO in a variety of industries to help leaders consider security as a business enabler and not just an insurance policy. Nick is passionate about looking at intractable problems in new ways to find solutions that benefit everyone while growing trust and efficiency.
Related Resources
TCO Study of WSUs and SCCM
–Automox
The State of Texas protects its data with a Defense in Depth cybersecurity ...
–Capgemini
5 steps to secure the enterprise and be fit for a flexible future
–Avanade
How Velocity Can Impact Cybersecurity Strategy
–Verizon
Dig Deeper on Cybersecurity strategy
How to navigate the often challenging CISO career path
By: Ernie Hayden
For board of directors, cybersecurity literacy is essential
By: Kate Gerwig
Digital transformation redefines cybersecurity skills, careers
By: Ben Cole
Portrait of a CISO: Roles and responsibilities
By: Katie Donegan
Sponsored News
A zero-trust environment is important to business continuity
–Akamai
Three Tenets of Security Protection for State and Local Government and ...
–Dell Technologies
Part III: Protect Your People
–Forcepoint
See More
Related Content
Digital transformation redefines cybersecurity skills...
– SearchSecurity
For board of directors, cybersecurity literacy is ...
– SearchSecurity
What should candidates expect in interviews for CISO ...
– SearchSecurity
Start the conversation
0 comments
Send me notifications when other members comment.
Add My Comment
Register
I agree to TechTarget’s Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and the transfer of my information to the United States for processing to provide me with relevant information as described in our Privacy Policy.
Please check the box if you want to proceed.
I agree to my information being processed by TechTarget and its Partners to contact me via phone, email, or other means regarding information relevant to my professional interests. I may unsubscribe at any time.
Please check the box if you want to proceed.
Login
Forgot your password?
Forgot your password?
No problem! Submit your e-mail address below. We'll send you an email containing your password.
Submit
Your password has been sent to:
Please create a username to comment.
Oldest
Newest
Latest TechTarget resources
Compliance
Health IT
Cloud Computing
Mobile Computing
Data Center
SearchCompliance
Understanding BC, resilience standards and how to comply
Follow these nine steps to first identify relevant business continuity and resilience standards and, second, launch a successful ...
CCPA compliance still unclear long past deadline
Despite the July 1 CCPA compliance deadline having long past, many executives are still unclear how the law applies to their ...
CMMC requirements set to ripple throughout DOD supply chain
The Department of Defense's CMMC requirements target defense contractors, but organizations throughout the DOD supply chain -- ...
SearchHealthIT
3 COVID-19 health system investments for better ROI, patient UX
Companies should consider robotic process automation, integrated telehealth and migrating from legacy systems to help lower costs...
Healthcare cybersecurity needs a dose of threat modeling
CISA senior advisor Josh Corman said healthcare CIOs should focus on threat modeling and stronger disaster recovery for better ...
Interest in wearable health devices grows despite challenges
Amazon Halo has advanced wearable devices in healthcare, but challenges of a growing digital divide and questions about their ...
SearchCloudComputing
A cloud services cheat sheet for AWS, Azure and Google Cloud
Don't know your Neptune from your Front Door? Check what AWS, Microsoft and Google call their foundational cloud services. And ...
The importance of cloud capacity management and how to do it
Running workloads in the cloud gives an organization access to unlimited resources. That's a good thing, but only if the IT team ...
Put an IT succession plan in place for your cloud team
IT is a small world. Before you leave your current company and role, make sure your successor has the right training, support and...
SearchMobileComputing
Learn 5 Microsoft Intune security features for mobile admins
Intune admins must be familiar with all the most essential security features that the platform offers. Learn about features such ...
Microsoft adding voice commands to Outlook mobile app
Voice commands built into the Outlook mobile app will speed up writing emails, scheduling meetings and calling colleagues, ...
Faster iPads unveiled at Apple Event
At this week's Apple Event, the company unveiled an iPad Air powered by the company's fastest A14 processor. Apple also ...
SearchDataCenter
IBM to spin off IT services to focus on hybrid cloud, AI
IBM will spin off its Managed Infrastructure Services unit as a public company to focus on hybrid cloud and AI.
Dell EMC PowerEdge XE7100 seeks to corral unstructured data
Dell looks to snap server sales slump with two new PowerEdge XE servers. The dense models have flexible configurations of compute...
A look at the main differences of Bourne shell vs. Bash
Shells help admins run commands from the keyboard to the OS. Though Bourne shell and Bash are similar, there are differences in ...
About Us
Meet The Editors
Contact Us
Advertisers
Business Partners
Media Kit
Corporate Site
Contributors
Reprints
Answers
Definitions
E-Products
Events
Features
Guides
Opinions
Photo Stories
Quizzes
Tips
Tutorials
Videos
All Rights Reserved,
Copyright 2007 - 2020, TechTarget
Privacy Policy
Cookie Preferences
Do Not Sell My Personal Info
Close